Guiding Light Transcript Monday 2/20/06







Dinah: All right. He'll never notice. Maybe he will. ( Knock at the door ) Coming!

Frank: Hey.

Dinah: Frank.

Frank: Hi.

Dinah: I thought you were going to be Mallet.

Frank: Does he usually knock on his own door?

Dinah: Good point. Come on in.

Frank: How are you?

Dinah: Hi.

Frank: We need to talk.

Dinah: Us? About what?

Frank: I need you to convince Mallet that he needs a new partner to replace Gus. Because without a partner, he could end up dead on the street.

Mallet: You want to be my partner?

Harley: You don't have to look so shocked.

Mallet: I'm shocked.

Harley: Well, get over it.

Mallet: No I don't think I will. This is... this is a bad idea.

Harley: Here you go. Hear me out.

Mallet: No, you are the CEO of Spaulding.

Harley: Not anymore.

Mallet: You're a mother. You've got kids-- do you remember your kids?

Harley: Could you listen to me? Believe me, I can come up with more reasons than you for why this is not a good idea.

Mallet: Can you give me at least one good reason?

Harley: Because I need it.

Reva: Hello.

Billy: Hey, darlin'. You sound like you were kind of hoping it was going to be somebody else here.

Reva: No. No, Billy, I'm glad you called.

Billy: Yeah, well, you know, I kind of could use a friend right now.

Reva: You're slurring your words.

Billy: I, uh... I just woke up from a nap.

Reva: So how much did you sleep?

Billy: Oh, yeah, I slept quite a bit.

Reva: Where are you?

Billy: Look, I didn't mean to bother you. I just wanted to hear a friendly voice, that's all.

Reva: I'm going to find you anyway, Billy. There's only so many places you could be napping.

Billy: I'm at my room, but if you're with Josh, I really don't want to see him.

Reva: I'll come alone.

Billy: Yeah.

Reva: I'm glad you called.

Billy: Hmm.

Jonathan: Billy! Billy? He told me he would look after the place today. Not like I really care at this point.

Tammy: We'll find a place, don't worry.

Jonathan: Well, is it just me, or is this apartment thing going a lot worse than you thought?

Tammy: We're having bad luck.

Jonathan: We're having no luck. Either the neighborhood is too small or the neighborhood's too expensive, or... the neighborhood stinks. And then there's the "x" factor.

Tammy: What's the "x" factor?

Jonathan: Me. People recognize me as their friendly neighborhood arsonist. An arsonist is not a good tenant.

Tammy: I don't believe they recognize you.

Jonathan: Well, then they recognize my type. Same difference.

Tammy: If we're going to be together, we've got to find a place. I'll go make us some sandwiches.

Jonathan: Sandwiches. ( Cell phone rings ) Yeah?

Sandy: How is the house hunting going? I heard you're having some problems.

Jonathan: What do you want?

Sandy: I'm just concerned. I mean, it seems like everywhere you go the landlord already knows who you are and what you're capable of. And I'm wondering how is this happening? It's almost like someone is tipping them off about what a degenerate you are.

Jonathan: Yeah, I figured.

Sandy: Well, that's the other line; I've got to go. Tell Tammy I said hi.

Jeffrey: It would help if you don't overreact about this.

Josh: Oh, well, I certainly want to help.

Jeffrey: There's a lot you don't know.

Josh: Okay, well, tell me about it then. Jeffrey, how do you justify sleeping with Cassie while you were impersonating Richard?

Jeffrey: Well, that is between me and Cassie.

Josh: We're in luck then because she's here.

Jeffrey: Cassie's...?

Josh: Yeah, she's here; I gave her a ride over. She went back out to the car because she forgot something. What were you saying before about overreacting?

Cassie: Tammy.

Jonathan: You'll never believe this...

Tammy: Mom, I have good news. I wanted you to hear it firsthand.

Cassie: Good news?

Tammy: I'm telling you because I don't want you to hear it from anyone else, and I don't want you to think I'm keeping anything from you.

Cassie: Okay, I guess this has to do with Jonathan?

Jonathan: What are you doing?

Tammy: We found a place, and we're going to move in together.

Jonathan: We found a place?

Tammy: Mom, are you there?

Cassie: Yeah, I'm here.

Tammy: It's at Outskirts. There's a back room that's perfect for us.

Cassie: You want to live with Jonathan in the back room of his bar?

Tammy: It's not what it sounds like.

Jonathan: Yes, it is.

Cassie: Are you still there now?

Tammy: Yeah.

Cassie: Don't leave.

Jonathan: Did you fall down? Did you bump your head or something?

Tammy: I am just fine.

Jonathan: You deserve better than this.

Tammy: I knew you would say something like that. And that's why you found out at the same time my mom did. She's probably on her way over here and you're going to back me up.

Jonathan: ( Laughs ) Oh, this is going to go really well.

Jeffrey: So Cassie's here and you're going to tell her everything you overheard. Why?

Josh: Why? I'm sorry. Is that supposed to be a serious question, Jeffrey?

Jeffrey: Am I that bad for Cassie? Maybe you long for the good old days of Eddie Winslow, huh? Where did Cassie go wrong?

Josh: Oh, come on, is that all you got? That's your best defense? "Hey, I'm not Edmund. I may have lied to Cassie, I may have deceived her, but I never actually threatened her life."

Jeffrey: Outside of not divulging everything in my entire past, what have I done, Josh, to deserve this death sentence you're giving me?

Josh: Well, let's see. You continue to lie to her when you've had plenty of opportunities to come clean.

Jeffrey: And you've never done anything like that, have you, Josh? Kept secrets for years, for decades?

Josh: Hey, I have paid for my mistakes.

Jeffrey: Yeah, well so have I. I avoided Cassie like the plague when I came to town. I pushed her away at every opportunity, but things happen because... well, because they do, and because of this face.

Josh: No, things happen because you love her and you've always loved her. She came into your life because you wanted her to come into your life.

Jeffrey: What I wanted was to protect her, Josh. I wanted to protect her feelings and her memories.

Josh: Well, that's fine. Because that's exactly the same thing I want. I want to protect her. That's what I want to do.

Jeffrey: Well, go ahead, Josh! Protect away! Go ahead, tell her! I don't care! You're the guy who's in charge of right and wrong around here, obviously! So, go ahead, tell her. I'm not going to stop you!

Cassie: Stop him from doing what? Wow, um... I just got a call from Tammy. I've got to go.

Jeffrey: Wait, don't go, not yet.

Reva: Well, you don't look too bad.

Billy: Yeah, well, you ought to look inside because that's where I'm really messed up.

Reva: Yeah, I know.

Billy: I really didn't want to drag you into this.

Reva: Then why'd you call?

Billy: That's a good point.

Reva: Look, Billy, I want to help. I'm glad you called me, but I don't know what I can do. Don't you have a sponsor?

Billy: Well, Ed's gone and Holly's not around too much. And I used to rely on Bill, but I hated doing it. I hated being a drag, but he was always there for me, even when he was yelling at me. And there's always Josh.

Reva: You didn't want to call him.

Billy: Let me tell you something. You fall off the wagon once and you get sober, your family embraces you. But you do it a few more times-- and that always happens-- then they greet you much differently.

Reva: So why am I the lucky one?

Billy: Well, it's kind of the pot calling the kettle and saying "Hey, we both know each other so well."

Reva: Gotcha.

Billy: Reva, you're not judgmental. You don't get disappointed. Before I forget, here. Yeah.

Reva: Well, at least I got here before you emptied the whole bottle. You know, Billy, it's not good to be alone. Your mind starts going; you start thinking about things.

Billy: Oh. Hey, yeah, I definitely think about a whole bunch of things... I mean, a whole bunch. I got a laundry list. I won't bore you with it.

Reva: It's okay. I'll just sit here and I will listen. I'll even act shocked or surprised or sad at the turn of the tale. But I will stay here all night if that's what you need.

Billy: That's the best offer I've had in a decade. Come here.

Reva: Billy Lewis. Do you want to get smacked?!

Dinah: You want my help trying to convince Mallet that he needs a partner, but, I mean, we already tried that.

Frank: Yes, we did, and we're going to do it again. Now, come on, let's go find him.

Dinah: I'm sure this is how it works, but you're the boss and you tell him what you want. I mean, you know, expect results.

Frank: That's exactly right. See, that is the trick-- to get him to want what I want. And that's where his little girlfriend comes in.

Dinah: Hey, I am not into that whole girlfriend thing. I'm not so sure what more I can do.

Frank: Well, why don't you do what most women do? Withhold sex.

Dinah: What? Why would I punish myself that way?

Harley: I'm lost. I'm grieving here and I don't know what I'm doing anymore. I'm running that company like I think Gus would want me to run the company. And I'm parenting the way I think Gus would want me to parent. And I'm grieving the way I think Gus would want me to grieve. And all the time I'm going "Stop! He wants you to be who you are. He just wants you to be who you've always been."

Mallet: A cop.

Harley: Yes. I need to get back to that, you know, doing something selfless and something that's just about giving. And I'll feel closer to him if I'm doing something he used to do.

Mallet: Working with me?

Harley: Yes, because I need somebody I can trust, and I trust you. And I need somebody who I don't have to explain myself to all the time. And you know me backwards and forwards. And I need somebody who's got my back, and you always have my back.

Mallet: Does this have anything to do with what happened between us the other night?

Harley: No. What happened that night never happened as far as anybody else is concerned. You're solid with Dinah. And I'll tell you this: If Mel or Cassie or Blake were on the force, we wouldn't even be having this conversation.

Mallet: Yeah, but come on, that night...

Harley: I needed you that night, and I need you again, sorry. In a different way, in a bigger way really. I'm putting my heart out here, okay? Don't say no to me about this. Don't say no about this.

Mallet: This isn't just about me. What I told you the other day when I came to you, that if you said we have no future, then that was it for me, I've got to move on, I meant it. Now I'm thinking about me and Dinah.

Harley: Okay. Fine. I can do this without all that other stuff creeping in; I can.

Mallet: Well, you know what? Even if I said yes, it's not our call because Frank would never go for it.

Frank: All right.

Dinah: Hey.

Frank: Hey, guys. How's it going?

Mallet: Hey, how are you?

Dinah: Good. Oh, I'm sorry. Did you guys stop talking because I'm here or Frank's here?

Harley: Probably both.

Frank: What does that mean? What's going on here?

Mallet: Well, Harley and I...

Harley: I want back on the job.

Frank: What?

Dinah: Hey, why all of the weird faces? Can we get a little support for my girl here? I mean, I know it hasn't been that long, but Spaulding isn't the same without you.

Frank: Hold on one second. When you're saying you want back on the job, are we talking about being a cop here?

Dinah: You want to be a cop again?

Harley: Put me on the payroll, Frank. Come on, I know I should be doing this. It feels right.

Frank: Okay, first of all, I can come up with 1,001 reasons why you should not be on the force. And first of all, this guy right here, I'm having a hell of a time try to partner him up. That means I'm going to have to find one for you, too?

Harley: No, problem solved. Mallet's already agreed to partner with me.

Frank: What?!

Dinah: What?

Billy: Come on. You give coffee to a drunk, he doesn't get sober. He just becomes a wide-awake drunk, that's all.

Reva: Well, it's better than nothing!

Billy: Well, I wasn't that drunk to begin with.

Reva: Billy, you were drunk enough.

Billy: Oh, wait a minute. You kissed me first.

Reva: Oh, it was a spur of the moment thing. There was Josh, there was Olivia, there was that girl that wanted to go out with him.

Billy: Oh, and you thought you'd just get back by laying one on me.

Reva: And so you kissed me because you had a half a bottle of bourbon that got you all loosened up.

Billy: Well, I'm not above kissing for the wrong reasons.

Reva: Or being kissed for all the wrong reasons.

Billy: That's right; I'm not.

Reva: Billy.

Billy: Yes.

Reva: You did ask me over here to help you get through this, right?

Billy: Why else would I call you when I'm three sheets?

Reva: The kids call it a bootie call.

Billy: What?

Reva: A bootie call. You know, you have a couple of pops, you're feeling all loosey goosey, and you know that I'm kind of batting zero in the man department, and...

Billy: You and me? ( Laughing ) come on, that's nowhere. I mean, that's molasses up a sandy hill. You and me, that's another century. That's all over, right?

Jonathan: So you think Cassies going to run her car through the bar, or maybe it would be enough just smash some bar stools over my head.

Tammy: Are you afraid of her?

Jonathan: Psst. Ha! No. Afraid of what she does to you.

Tammy: I don't care. This place, we can make it work. I mean... ugh...

Jonathan: Is that "Ugh" like "Oh, what a fantastic place" or like "Oh, this place has potential"?

Tammy: What is that?

Jonathan: The stuff on the floor or the spoogy stuff on top of the stuff.

Tammy: Whatever.

Jonathan: I haven't quite figured it out, but it's growing. You're not living here.

Tammy: This place is the answer to all of our problems. We'll save money on rent and it's near school.

Jonathan: It's loud, it's noisy. It gets rowdy on the weekends when you need to be studying. And the speakers are right near our bedroom wall, a very thin wall.

Tammy: Do you want to live with me or not? Do you want the thrill of waking up next to me every morning or not, huh?

Jonathan: Hell, yeah. I want you here with me where I can keep you safe. You know, I'd bulldoze this place down and start all over if it meant I could live with you. You know there's nothing I wouldn't do for you.

Cassie: You were going to say something?

Jeffrey: Actually, it was Josh.

Cassie: Well, one of you say something because I've got to go see Tammy.

Josh: You know what, forget about it. It's not a big deal. And what you've got going on there sounds pretty urgent, so...

Cassie: Yeah, this is urgent. She has some crazy idea about a place to live, and I've got to talk her out of it.

Josh: That's okay, don't worry about. We'll talk some other time.

Cassie: I'm sorry, Josh, I promised you the tea...

Josh: We'll take a rain check.

Jeffrey: So?

Josh: So. If you really love Cassie the way you say you do, you'll tell her yourself.

Kim Zimmer, "Inside The Light."

Jonathan is unfortunately Reva's son, because if he weren't her son, they could have a lot of fun together-- although they do have fun together. Jonathan is a pain in my patuchus.

See Reva, Wednesday, February 22, "Inside The Light".

Jeffrey: So you don't think I'll tell her?

Josh: You know what, Jeffrey? Do whatever you want to do. I don't care. I'm sorry I heard what I heard, I'm sorry that I know what I know, but it's not my problem, okay? So I'm out of it.

Jeffrey: Okay.

Josh: I can't make you tell her. I'm not your conscience, or anybody else's for that matter, so I'll see you.

Jeffrey: Josh?

Josh: Hmm?

Jeffrey: Why did you change your mind?

Josh: Do you think it really matters? See, I don't either, so I'll see you.

Tammy: Here, do something with this.

Jonathan: Ew. ( Laughing ) ( background music playing )

You're the one that I want you're the one that I need

hold me in your arms and rock me to sleep

hold me hold me hold me baby rock me all night long

hold me hold me hold me baby rock me all night long...

Jonathan: Yeah, could you tell me if one of your main guests walked past the main desk on their way to their room? Sandy Foster.

Tammy: She's here!

Cassie: Well, hello.

Tammy: Thank you for coming, even though I know you're here 'cause you're upset.

Cassie: I suppose this was your great idea?

Tammy: No, it was mine. So deal with me, okay?

Cassie: Honey, I thought we had made progress on Valentine's Day.

Tammy: I'm not doing this to stick it to you. This is what I want.

Cassie: What, to be the chick who lives behind the bar? Wow, dream big.

Jonathan: ( Laughs ) Okay, I'm going to let you two hash this out. I'll be back.

Tammy: Before you say anything, just look, okay? Look. Okay, I know. It just... it just needs a little bit of work, that's all.

Cassie: A little bit of work? Honey, you know, it is taking every shred of motherly restraint. I... how can I not say this is a dump?

Tammy: Well, it's no palace, but, you know, when people start out, dumps happen, and people just do what you can.

Cassie: Well, I'll tell you what. I don't care about what other people do. What I care about is you. Don't you feel that you deserve better?

Tammy: It won't be the first time I've ever lived in a dive. The only difference is I used to live in one with you.

Cassie: Honey, do you think that was fun? Do you think that is what I wanted?

Tammy: Well, this is what I want. This is where I want to be, nowhere else but here, with Jonathan.

Jonathan: We didn't get to finish our conversation.

Sandy: I was done.

Jonathan: How do you think this game is going to end? Not with you and Tammy living your sick, little twisted dream life, and not with me and Tammy being apart.

Sandy: This isn't a game. This is my life and Tammy's.

Jonathan: You want me to pry these doors open? Elevator accidents happen all of the time.

Sandy: Yeah, they do. So do it! Huh?

Reva: Hi, boys.

Jonathan: What's up, Mama?

Sandy: Reva.

Reva: Everything okay, Jonathan?

Sandy: We're fine. We just happened to run into each other.

Reva: Like two bulls with their horns sharpened.

Sandy: We're playing nice. There's nothing to worry about here.

Reva: Jonathan?

Jonathan: It's all good, Mother.

Reva: Okay.

Sandy: See? Even your own mother thinks you're the one to be worried about. Good luck on the house hunting!

Jonathan: We already found a place. We're going to be moving the bed in first. ( Elevator bell dings )

Frank: Is this a joke? Where are the cameras? Come on out, everybody!

Harley: Frank, listen to me first. Let me back in.

Frank: I cannot let you back in. This is totally crazy, sis.

Harley: Why?

Frank: Because I can't partner you up with this guy. That's why.

Harley: Why not?

Frank: What about your kids?

Harley: They'll deal with it. They dealt with it when I was working at Spaulding. Put me on day shifts. I'll be home by dinner.

Frank: You have a history with him, and I'm not talking about one on the force.

Harley: That is way behind us, and you know it.

Frank: Oh, okay, sis.

Harley: Tell him you want to do this.

Mallet: I didn't say I wanted to do it.

Harley: You didn't say no.

Frank: I think people aren't listening here. I am the one who is saying no.

Harley: You haven't given a good reason!

Mallet: He doesn't need to give a good reason. He's the boss.

Harley: He's my brother first. Brother first, then boss. Thanks. Frank, let me do something that Gus would be proud of. Okay?

Frank: Why do you have to risk your life?

Harley: Because it's my life, okay?

Frank: Guess what? It's my department.

Harley: You're going to hold that over me?

Dinah: Enough! Stop! Just do it, Frank. They obviously work well together. Just do it. It seems perfectly right to me.

Mallet: Dinah...

Dinah: You know what? Police work is in Harley's blood; it was in Gus' blood. It makes sense.

Harley: Thank you!

Frank: Can I say something here?

Dinah: You know what, Frank? You asked me... you asked me to take care of this whole situation, to help you with Mallet, to get him out of your hair, you know, get that partner paperwork off your desk. Well, it's done.

Mallet: Dinah...

Dinah: No. You! You know what? Stop being a wuss. Do you want to be with me?

Mallet: Yeah. Yeah, I do.

Dinah: Okay, then start treating me like you have me and stop trying to do things to keep from losing me. You and Harley were partners before, right?

Mallet: Yeah.

Dinah: Okay. Well, then, you know what? Back in the day I understand things were different. They're not going to be like that any longer. So you buy her a dozen chocolate doughnuts and be done with it.

Harley: How did you know I like chocolate doughnuts?

Dinah: Well, he mentioned it once. Bottom line: I want to come home to this guy every night. That's real cool to me. And, Frank, I'm not going to do what you asked me to do just so you can get what you want. Is this clear?

Harley: It is to me.

Dinah: Well, good.

Mallet: What did he want to you do?

Dinah: I'll tell you later. Now, let's just clink and agree to everything I've just said.

Mallet: All right.

Harley: I can do this. I know I can do this. Listen to me. I have to keep Gus alive in my heart, okay?

Frank: I understand that. Just don't make me regret it, okay?

Harley: Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you.

Cassie: I've lived in places like this. It's places like this that made family services take you away from me.

Tammy: This is different.

Cassie: It's not a life, Tammy. This does not have to be your life.

Tammy: Mom, I'm inspired by what you've done for us. You know, every dump we ever lived in, you made it as good as it could be. If the room was gross, you painted stars on the ceiling. You put 12 locks on the door, and you always had nice music playing.

Cassie: You remember all of that?

Tammy: You may have been sad about the things that you couldn't give me, but all I remember is the things you did give me.

Cassie: I couldn't protect you then, and I can't protect you now.

Tammy: But Jonathan can. I love him, and I want to be with him. I want to see if it can work. You don't have to bring me a house-warming present or anything soon. I mean, take some time.

Cassie: Honey, I can tell you, no amount of time is going to make me okay with this.

Tammy: Well, then maybe we can find a way for you to learn to live with it, to live with me being happy and me trying to start a life for myself.

Cassie: I'd like to think you know what you're doing here.

Tammy: But you don't and that is because you think I'm suffering from some post-traumatic stress or something, but you know what the truth is? And I haven't really told you this because I didn't think you'd understand, but I forgive him, Mom.

Cassie: What?

Tammy: I forgive him, and I want to try to explain that to you. Maybe just the two of us, you know. I'll call you.

Cassie: Excuse me.

Jonathan: She's never going to accept us.

Tammy: I just want her to be okay.

Reva: Well, no blood and no guts. I guess that's a sign that Jonathan and Sandy are still alive.

Billy: Yeah, I guess.

Reva: Okay, now remind me what we were talking about before I saw Jonathan.

Billy: We were talking about how you inappropriately kissed me.

Reva: Oh, yeah, that's right. Hmm...

Billy: Now, look, Reva, I can be more than just an old drunk who needs somebody to help him stay sober.

Reva: I know.

Billy: In fact, I think I can be a lot more. And since you've been around, I've been feeling kind of...

Reva: Yeah?

Billy: I mean...

Reva: Joshua!

Josh: Hey, guys.

Reva: You're not going to tear into me again because I came here to see Billy, not you?

Josh: No, no, no problem.

Billy: Well, you two catch up. Go ahead.

Reva: Are you okay?

Josh: Yes, I'm fine. I'll see you later.

Reva: Are you really? Because, I don't know, there's something different about you somehow.

Josh: Really?

Reva: Yeah.

Josh: Maybe that's because I am different.

Reva: Okay.

Josh: You want to know right now? You want it like in a nutshell? Here it is: I'm done. I'm finished. As of right now, except for where our children are concerned, I am officially retired.

Reva: Retired? From what?

Josh: From being the town cop, the go-to guy, the stalwart guy, the designated driver of this town's ethics and morality...

Reva: I feel another rant coming on.

Josh: ...The guy that's constantly reminding everyone to do the right thing, when, in fact, as I was just reminded myself, I don't always do the right thing, hmm?

Reva: I don't know where this is all coming from, but...

Josh: That's easy. It's a thing that I got from Cassie mixed with a healthy dose of Jeffrey O'Neill, and voila, here I am, a whole new me.

Reva: Well, that's really a shame, because I kind of liked the old you.

Josh: Really? I don't think so. I mean, you're talking about that old me that put us into that rut kind of thing?

Reva: Joshua...

Josh: No, I think you were right, Reva, all along. You were in a rut, I was in a rut. I just didn't see it that way until now. Now I do.

Mallet: Hey. You didn't have to do that.

Dinah: What?

Mallet: Are you going to make me say it?

Dinah: Yeah.

Mallet: Sticking up for Harley and me to be partners, putting aside any feelings you have?

Dinah: What feelings?

Mallet: The feelings you say that you don't have, you know, natural feelings considering the circumstances.

Dinah: It was easy.

Mallet: That could not have been easy.

Dinah: Well, let's just say I discovered what was important to me.

Mallet: What's that?

Dinah: Duh. It's going to cost you, though.

Mallet: There is a price to pay. Do I get to take sticker shock?

Dinah: Let's say a few dresser drawers that might be occupied, but we will see after that.

Mallet: Okay, we'll see. What did Frankie want you to do?

Dinah: Oh, well, you'd better hope you never find out.

Frank: I certainly hope you know what you're doing.

Harley: Just hand me every case you've got, okay? Because I want to work, work, work. But do me a favor. Keep one corner of my desk open.

Frank: For what?

Harley: My file on Gus. The F.B.I. never found his body. Maybe, now that I have a badge, I can.

Jonathan: Your mom was right about one thing.

Tammy: That you're no good for me?

Jonathan: Well, that's obvious. But this is a no-good place for you to live.

Tammy: It's good for me if it's good for you.

Jonathan: Is this really the life that you want?

Tammy: I want a life with you. That's all I care about. Where did you go before?

Jonathan: I went to make sure that nobody gets in the way of our life.

Tammy: Oh! ( Laughs )

Josh: Come on, now, Reva, tell me the truth. You don't miss that old rut any more than I do.

Billy: No, she certainly doesn't. Hey, better come on in. Your dinner's getting cold.

Josh: Go, go, go ahead. Finish your dinner; that's fine.

Reva: Well, actually...

Billy: No, I'll eat it all if you don't come in.

Reva: I'll see you at the office.

Josh: Actually, I'm going to be late for work tomorrow.

Reva: Oh, you have a meeting?

Josh: No, no meeting. I just feel like being late for once. See you.

Reva: Okay, would you like to tell me what the whole dinner thing was about?

Billy: Maybe I just didn't feel like sharing you with Josh tonight, and I also didn't feel like seeing you make a fool out of yourself.

Reva: Doing what?

Billy: Come on, Reva, I saw it in your face. You don't need Josh anymore, especially if he is not ready, and, darling, he is not.

Reva: Maybe you're right.

Billy: I know I'm right.

Jeffrey: Hey.

Cassie: A bar! Can you believe it? She wants to live with Jonathan in the back room of his bar.

Jeffrey: Well, you know, love can make people do some strange things sometimes.

Cassie: Strange. I would say this is beyond strange. The man pretended to be someone he was not, he lied to her, he got her to fall in love with him, and then he slept with her, and she forgives him.

Jeffrey: Yeah.

Cassie: He has done unthinkable things to her, but somehow her heart is so big that not only does she forgive him, but she loves him. I think she truly loves him. I don't get it. But there's a part of me that is still proud of her. I feel proud of her compassion.

Jeffrey: Yeah, that's pretty amazing.

Cassie: Yeah, it's almost inspirational.

Jeffrey: So here we are again. ( Sighs )

Cassie: Here we are where?

Jeffrey: Here we are again, at this place where I'm sorry, but I've got to tell you. There's more, Cassie, there's more to my story. There's something that you haven't heard, and you need to hear it now.

Next on "Guiding Light"...

Lizzie: I'm moving back to the boarding house. I'm taking my room back just as soon as your sorry butt is gone.

Blake: You want a future with Lizzie? Go for it.

Sandy: I just wanted to tell you how especially beautiful Tammy looks today. Wow, pink is her color.

Jonathan: You stay the hell away from her.

Back to The TV MegaSite's Guiding Light Site (http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/gl/index.shtml)

Try today's short recap (../../../../../day/recaps.shtml) or detailed update (http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/gl/updates.shtml) !

Help (../../../../../help.shtml) | F.A.Q. (http://www.tvmegasite.net/faq.shtml) | Credits (http://www.tvmegasite.net/credits.shtml) | Search (http://www.tvmegasite.net/older/search.htm) | Site Map (http://www.tvmegasite.net/map.shtml) | What's New (http://www.tvmegasite.net/whatwedo.shtml) Contact Us (mailto:webmasters@tvmegasite.net) | Jobs (http://www.tvmegasite.net/jobs.shtml) | About Us (../../../../../about.shtml) | Privacy (http://www.tvmegasite.net/privacy.shtml) | Mailing Lists (../../../../../community.htm) | Advertising Info (http://www.tvmegasite.net/older/adinfo.shtml)

Do you love our site? Hate it? Have a question?Please send us email at feedback@tvmegasite.net (mailto:feedback@tvmegasite.net)

http://v.extreme-dm.com/?login=slanoue2 http://www.fg-a.com/

Please visit our partner sites:

Suzann.com (http://suzann.com) The Scorpio Files (http://www.scorpiofiles.com) Hunt Block.com (http://huntblock.com)Agimkaba.com (http://agimkaba.com) CadyMcClain.net (http://cadymcclain.net) PeytonList.net (http://peytonlist.net) Jessica Dunphy.net (http://jessicadunphy.net)Soapsgirl's Multimedia Site (http://soapsgirl.org)

http://pub43.bravenet.com/guestbook/show.php?usernum=3644818105&cpv=1 http://www.bravenet.com/

Amazon Honor System Click Here to Pay (http://s1.amazon.com/exec/varzea/pay/T2AR32LW2HKZAJ)
Learn More (http://s1.amazon.com/exec/varzea/subst/fx/help/how-we-know.html)




Home (http://www.tvmegasite.net/index.html) | Daytime Soaps (http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/) | Primetime TV (http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/) | Soap MegaLinks (http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/) | Trading (http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/) Guiding Light Transcript Monday 2/27/06




Dinah: Call Evans, bring this down to accounting. Good. Good. Call Maria. Call Mallet. Dinah, would it be a good idea to call and check on your guy? No. That would be stupid. Right. Even if he is working late, with his ex-wife, who I insisted he be partners with, right? Right. That was really stupid. No, I think it was genius, genius. It was genius. Don't call. ( Knock on the door )

Frank: Hey.

Dinah: Frank. Frank, is everything all right on the job? Did something happen to Mallet?

Frank: What? No, it's fine. He clocked out hours ago, so did Harley.

Dinah: Right. Good. Good. What's up?

Frank: I'm here to see my good friend Alan-Michael. I decided to return his calls personally.

Alan-Michael: I didn't call you, Frank.

Dinah: You know what, I'm going to go ahead and run these down to accounting.

Frank: I see. Well, technically, you were calling Marina, but being that she's out of town right now, I decided to return your messages myself. ( Door shuts )

Olivia: Why me?

Buzz: You got it. Wow, that bad.

Olivia: Do I look like a dope to you?

Buzz: Well, that's a trick question.

Olivia: Reva asked me if she could borrow Cross Creek for the weekend, I went, "sure," you know thinking she's gone, Josh is going to be here...

Buzz: Yeah, I can do the math.

Olivia: Well, guess where Josh is? Okla-freakin'-homa!

Buzz: Where the wind comes ripping down the plain.

Olivia: You're not going to sin, are you?

Buzz: You know, you and Josh-- Josh, Josh-- Reva, Josh....

Olivia: I know. I know. There's a lesson in this for me somewhere. I've been going about this the wrong way. You know, this being with a man thing. I need to be more pragmatic, more detached, more like we were on Valentine's Day at the inn.

Buzz: We were pragmatic and detached?

Olivia: I'm just saying that we wanted something, we went for it. We didn't stop to think about the emotional aftershocks. This is how I have to approach romance from now on.

Buzz: Oh, just sort of like to hell with romance.

Olivia: Well, I mean, look, you don't get invested, you don't get hurt, right? That's the way I'm going to deal with it.

Buzz: Oh, sort of fast and loose. Well, you know, if it works for you, but I don't think it's going to work for Frank, you know. I think you should leave Frank out of this sort of retooled approach. I think you should leave Frank alone, period.



Alan: Gus. Beth.



Harley: I'll follow you back to the car.

Mallet: Okay.

Harley: Hey.

Mallet: What?

Harley: What is that moving in the woods over there?

Mallet: I don't know. Maybe it's a... maybe it's a raccoon or a possum or something.

Harley: No, it's too big to be... is that coming towards us?

Mallet: Yeah.

Harley: Mallet, that's a person. Oh, my god. Gus?

Mallet: Gus! Gus, over here.

Harley: I don't believe it. Beth. Beth, what in the world are you doing here?

Beth: Well, I guess it's kind of hard to explain.

Harley: I don't understand.

Beth: I think, probably, I'm doing the same thing you are. Did I just hear you calling out Gus's name?

Harley: Yeah, I just-- I thought... ( laughs ) I thought you might be...

Mallet: It's been a pretty rough day for her. Today's Guss birthday.

Beth: Yeah, I know.

Mallet: Oh, really, you do?

Beth: Well, I know that it's hard. It's tough on all of us, you know, missing Alan and Gus and not knowing where they are. I mean, all those things that seemed important before: Fighting over Spaulding, I bet it all seems pretty silly now that Gus is gone, huh?



Alan-Michael: So, this is "the stay away from Marina or else" meeting?

Frank: Yeah. This would be it.

Alan-Michael: Look, if this is about what happened at Olivia's--

Frank: What do you mean, if this is what it's about? I walked into a room and you were mauling my daughter.

Alan-Michael: I wasn't-- look, I'm sorry you saw that, but Marina is a grown woman and I like her and she likes me. You can ask her if you don't believe me.

Frank: I don't need to ask her anything. This is between you and me.

Alan-Michael: And Eleni and Lucy. How is Eleni, by the way?

Frank: Be very careful right now.

Alan-Michael: Look, you're a terrific dad, Frank. As a guy who grew up with a bad one, I know the difference. You really look out for Marina and what's best for her. I admire that.

Frank: Thank you.

Alan-Michael: But she's an adult, responsible enough to be a police officer. Don't you think she should have a say in who she spends time with?

Frank: I don't trust you and I never will.

Alan-Michael: Whatever happened to bygones?

Frank: What, am I supposed to pretend you didn't rip my guts out over someone I loved? I will never ever let you do that again.

Alan-Michael: This isn't about you, Frank. Marina's your daughter, not your future wife.

Frank: Watch it.

Alan-Michael: I care about her, Frank.

Frank: If you care about her the way you say you do, don't try to call her or email her. Don't even contact her while she's in California. And if she tries to call you, ignore it.

Alan-Michael: Easy with the orders, Chief; you're on my turf.

Frank: Now that's interesting, because the last time I heard, this was Harley's turf. Good talk, Alan-Michael.

Alan-Michael: This won't be Cooper turf much longer.



Olivia: You're saying that I shouldn't date Frank.

Buzz: That's exactly what I'm saying. Frank's not interesting in dating; he wants to be close to someone.

Olivia: Maybe I am that someone.

Buzz: ( Laughing ) I don't think so.

Olivia: Wait, hold on. I don't this thing is going to lead with Frank.

Buzz: We both know where you want to go. You want to go to casual sex land.

Olivia: ( Gasps ) Oh, when was the last time you had a glass of wine thrown in your face?

Buzz: Detachment is what you want, wonderful. You can't have it both ways.

Olivia: I don't believe this. This is great. I have a terrible day; I come in here to commiserate with probably one of the only real friends I have in this town and you jump down my throat!

Buzz: I am not just your friend. I am... his father.

Olivia: Oh, I see. So you're just looking out for sonny boy.

Buzz: Yeah, absolutely. Right.

Olivia: Well you know what? Everybody has to live their own life, Buzz. Nobody has to do it without help. I mean, it's one thing for the two of us, you know to have-- had a moment at the inn. It was a nice moment.

Buzz: Yes, it was. But with Frank, you know, a sort of hit-and-run hookup isn't what he's talking about when he's talking about dating. You know, you-- respect that.

Olivia: I think Frank can make his own choices.

Buzz: I don't think he can when it comes to you.

Olivia: What is this about? Is this about Frank or is this about--

Buzz: It's about Frank! And at the risk of losing a friend, I'm not going to let you hurt him.

Frank: Hey, Pop?

Buzz: Hmm?

Frank: That's enough.



Gus: ( Moans ) I can make it. I didn't even get as far as the road. We have to get out of here. What are we going to do?



Mallet: So you came out here to mourn Alan?

Beth: Well, this is the last place that they were seen alive, right?

Harley: Right. A fun place to spend his birthday, huh?

Beth: Why would you think that Gus is alive? There hasn't been a clue or anything, has there?

Mallet: No, no. Nothing like that. It's just that Gus's body was never found. So you can understand how when Harley sees a figure loom up in the distance, she might jump to thinking that...

Beth: That Gus is still alive. Harley, I'm so sorry. Are you okay?

Harley: No, Beth. Of course not. I miss him. I miss him.

Beth: Of course you do. Of course you miss him. You know, Harley, maybe I can help up feel better about this. In fact, yes, I want to help you.



Frank: Olivia, excuse me, can I borrow him for a second, please?

Olivia: He's all yours.

Frank: Thank you. What are you doing?

Buzz: Frank, calm down.

Frank: Calm down? You're out of line here.

Buzz: Look, you know-- forget about, Olivia. I mean, she's not interested in getting close to someone, Frank. Come on.

Frank: Pop, she's had a tough time of it, okay? Now if she wants to go slow, I'm fine with that.

Buzz: Slow isn't her problem, Frank. Listen. Are you listening to me? I don't want you to put your heart out there and get stomped on, okay. I just want to help you, man.

Frank: Trying to help me?

Buzz: Yeah.

Frank: You might be getting in between. Let me tell you something, Pop, my instincts could be completely wrong about Olivia and if I'm making a mistake here, let me make the mistake. I don't want to end up alone, Dad, with nothing but my work and no one to go home to.

Buzz: You mean you don't want to end up like me?



Dinah: Everything okay? No arrests, gunfire?

Alan-Michael: It's fine. I just wanted to get this done before you got back.

Dinah: What are you working on?

Alan-Michael: Uh... it's not finished. Why don't you take another walk down to accounting?

Dinah: I'll walk you. What is... this is a press release on me.

Alan-Michael: It's not like you don't deserve it.

Dinah: Harley already released an announcement that she's handing over her responsibilities while she's taking time off.

Alan-Michael: Except that's all it said. I mean, who is this Dinah Marler, who's suddenly one of the people running Spaulding? I think the people want to know-- not to mention the shareholders.

Dinah: You know what, I think that the public already knows enough about me-- a little too much.

Alan-Michael: But not the good stuff. Plus then I can put mine out, too.

Dinah: Okay, I'm not so sure I know this person. Where are the words "barracuda" and "psycho biatch"?

Alan-Michael: Those will go into the newsletter.

Dinah: Hmm. Good. Okay.

Alan-Michael: Dinah, I just want to reassure everyone that the company's in good hands, that there's a continuity of management, despite our CEO's absence. That the company hasn't skipped a beat.

Dinah: Harley is still the boss.

Alan-Michael: Of course, but she's not going to be here every day like us, like you. People should know who's doing the work.

Dinah: Look, I just am worried that if something like this goes out, people are going to get the wrong idea. They're going to think that I'm grabbing for power and trying to be little miss CEO and that is not true. I'm helping Harley out temporarily.

Alan-Michael: Dinah, I'm sorry, but I've got to be honest. You're acting like you'd be nothing without Harley propping you up.

Dinah: Don't misunderstand, I can handle the workload here just fine.

Alan-Michael: I know that and you know that, so why not show it to the public? Business comes naturally to you, which you can't really say about Harley. I figure give a little credit where credit is do. But if you're not comfortable with that, no sweat. This goes in the circular file and I'll just... I'll throw mine out, too. I'll catch you later.

Dinah: I need this like I need a hole in the head. Okay. Okay. If the public is going to know anything, I'm going to go ahead and tweak this puppy myself.



Gus: I can't take this pain. One for me.

Alan: Who's there? Who's there?

Gus: It is me, Dad. I didn't make it. I don't know where Beth is. She's coming back and when she does, I have a plan.



Harley: You want to help me, Beth?

Beth: Harley, you're not the only one who lost a husband. Alan was in that car, too.

Harley: I still have a hard time--

Beth: I wouldn't compare Alan and me to you and Gus.

Harley: This is not about comparing grief.

Mallet: So you really are grieving over Alan?

Beth: You sound surprised?

Mallet: Yeah, a little bit. I just never really saw you and Alan as little lovebirds.

Beth: No. You're not the only one who thought it was a marriage of convenience. A lot of people thought that.

Mallet: Really? Shocking.

Beth: I know that people looked at our arrangement and they just thought that I was after power and security and status.

Mallet: People have gotten married for a lot less.

Beth: And I was after that; I admit it. I did not slip that ring on my finger with the purest of motives, but see, I did grow to love Alan in my own way.

Mallet: What way would that be?

Beth: Alan was a part of my life for as long as I can remember. As a mentor, as a father-in-law-- you know my history with Spaulding. Alan and I were family long before we were husband and wife.

Harley: Well, everybody has their history with Spaulding, including Gus.

Beth: How old would Gus have been today?

Harley: Does it matter, Beth?

Beth: No, no, it does matter because it's history. Oh, Harley. You look like you could use a tissue.

Harley: Nope. I'm not crying.

Beth: No, I know, it's just that your eyes are tearing up from the cold, but, still, I've got one here...



Michael Dempsey "Inside The Light."

So Alan-Michael has got a tattoo fetish. Looking forward to many more shower scenes. I'm not like Alan-Michael in the casanova category. So I'm a pretty domestic home-body.

See Alan-Michael, Wednesday, March 1, "Inside The Light."



Gus: Okay, step... come on. No, you've got to walk around.

Alan: No...

Gus: You've got to be ready for when she comes back.

Alan: No, no...

Gus: Listen, I need you right now. We need each other, okay?

Alan: You never needed me.

Gus: Pull it together. I've got a plan here, okay? She's going to come in here, and we're going to play possum, and I'm going to give you a signal. You're going to distract her, and I'm going to knock her out. Listen. We're going to take her car and the car keys, and we're going to call Harley. She's going to tell everybody that we're going... we're going home. Now, just come on. Walk it off. Walk it off.

Alan: She's going to leave us here to die.

Gus: Come on. I'm not dying like this. I don't know about you.

Alan: I've got to sit down. I've got to sit down!

Gus: I'm not dying... what's the matter with me? Oh, the water.



Mallet: Boxes of candles, birthday candles. Don't leave home without 'em.

Beth: These are for you.

Harley: Me? I don't understand.

Beth: You asked me what I was doing up here earlier, and I know this sounds silly, but I wanted to bring these up in remembrance of you. I was just thinking of you.

Harley: You were thinking of me, so you came all the way up here?

Beth: Yes.

Harley: Beth, we've never been friends. I mean, I would go so far as to say we hate each other.

Beth: But all that has changed now, don't you think?

Mallet: With a box of candles, sure.

Beth: I needed to connect with Harley. Is that so hard for you to understand?

Mallet: No.

Beth: It's very hard for me to accept that they're gone.

Harley: No, Beth, me, too.

Beth: You know what? I'm going to go. I'm going... I'm going to see you in town.

Harley: Thanks, Beth.



Frank: Pop, you have a great life. I didn't mean that the way it came out.

Buzz: No?

Frank: All right, maybe a little.

Buzz: I'm glad we got that cleared up, Frank.

Frank: You know, in some ways, we're like too alike, Pop, you know? All we do is work and we worry about family.

Buzz: Well, it keeps things simple.

Frank: Yeah, but is that enough?

Buzz: I have nothing to complain about.

Frank: Seriously, do you have anything in your life that makes you feel like you're the luckiest guy in the world?

Buzz: Not at the moment.

Frank: All right, think... this is what I'm talking about. Honestly, when was the last time you fell for a woman, hmm, and just went out and had fun?

Buzz: Not that long ago, Frank. Not as long as you might think. Homosapians were already walking erect for years.

Frank: Okay, you know, fine. Go ahead and make jokes and all that, but I know for a fact you have a very special place in your heart for Mom and for Jenna.

Buzz: I always will.

Frank: Okay, so then you know what? Hey. Then why don't you just make a little space in there for someone new?

Buzz: Maybe four is a crowd.

Frank: Well, you know what? So that's it, right? Because you've had a couple of great loves of your life, you think that's it, right?

Buzz: I don't want to have this conversation, Frank.

Frank: What are you talking about? Hold on one second. I don't think it's over for me. I think there's someone out there for me just like I think there's someone out there for you, guaranteed. Listen, whether it's Olivia or not, I'm going through with this, buddy.

Buzz: Okay. Okay, Frank. Look, I'm sorry for butting in. I had no right gunning for you and Olivia. None at all, okay?

Frank: That's fine. ( Cell phone rings ) Oh! Ah, great, I've got to call headquarters. Do me a favor, just stay put, don't go anywhere. Stay right there.



Alan-Michael: Are you still here?

Dinah: Yeah, I'm just finishing up, though.

Alan-Michael: Okay. I'll see you in the morning.

Dinah: I think I'm going to get out of here, too. But can you do me a favor?

Alan-Michael: Sure.

Dinah: Run this down to the P.R. department just so they get it by tomorrow?

Alan-Michael: Oh, the press release on you.

Dinah: Yeah, I thought about what you said. I think it's a good idea to let the stockholders know that things have changed around here and that we're keeping up with Harleys policies.

Alan-Michael: Great.

Dinah: Great. You know, if Harley decides to go ahead and make you sole successor, I'm happy to write a new press release.

Alan-Michael: As long as you point out the crucial role that you played in keeping this company going in the right direction.

Dinah: Yeah, now we're both sounding like press releases.

Alan-Michael: You're right. We're getting ahead of ourselves. Nothing official has come down from Harley, and it may take a long time for her to set a new direction, which is why...

Dinah: Yeah. I see where you're going with it. Why don't you take a look at the third paragraph, tell me what you think? Too much?

Alan-Michael: Uh... "Miss Marler brings a unique perspective and exceptional skills to the job." Sounds good to me.

Dinah: Great. Hey, thanks for doing this for me.

Alan-Michael: Of course.

Dinah: I appreciate it.

Alan-Michael: No problem.

Dinah: Okay, then, I will see you tomorrow, okay? Bright and early. Have a good night.

Alan-Michael: Have a good night.

Dinah: You, too.

Alan-Michael: You just made mine.

Dinah: Okay, Mallet. No messages. No surprise. Okay. You know what? I'm not going to call him. That's my new mantra. Do not call him.



Alan-Michael: I hate to break up a budding friendship, girls, but I've got to move things alone. I've waited too long for this already.

Harley: Hi.

Alan-Michael: Hey, stranger. What are you doing here?

Harley: Um, I just had this urge to come by and see if there was anything you or Dinah needed from me.

Alan-Michael: No, I think we're okay. How are you?

Harley: Um, it's Gus' birthday.

Alan-Michael: Sorry.

Harley: Yeah, I... I drove out to the place where the car went off the road, you know, where they found the jacket and the wedding band. I do that a lot. I probably shouldn't. I'm supposed to be moving on. I'm not really sure this helps.

Alan-Michael: That's okay. Hey, I'm glad you stopped by today.

Harley: You are? Why?

Alan-Michael: It shows you still care about the company even though you're going through hell.

Harley: Alan-Michael, I think it's probably more likely that I'm just staying busy.

Alan-Michael: I don't know about that. Hey, did you catch Dinah on your way in?

Harley: No.

Alan Michael: That's too bad. She'll be bummed she missed you. Why don't you write her a note? I think there's paper in that top drawer.

Harley: That's a good idea.

Alan Michael: What's that?

Harley: "For immediate release." It looks like Dinah prepared something to send to the press.



Dinah: Mallet! Mallet! ( Knocking on the door )

Mallet: What? ( Laughs )

Dinah: I feel so stupid. I was on my way to my room, and I thought I would check in on you, but...

Mallet: You checking in or checking out?

Dinah: Checking out. ( Laughter ) But I figured you wouldn't be here because you were working so late.

Mallet: Yeah, I'm sorry about that. I was going to call you, then something came up. Then I was going to call you again, and it was like...

Dinah: Me, too. I had so much to do, so that's okay. I didn't call you, either.

Mallet: Were you working hard? Working late?

Dinah: Oh, my goodness, I am completely overwhelmed. I am looking at proposition papers and editing and looking at summaries. I am overwhelmed, so if you had called, I probably wouldn't have been able to answer, much less make any plans tonight.

Mallet: Oh, right.

Dinah: I think we've become workaholics, my dear.

Mallet: Yeah, actually, to tell you the truth, I got off work hours ago.

Dinah: Really?

Mallet: Yeah, I was with Harley.

Dinah: Oh, you were?

Mallet: Yeah, it's Gus' birthday today. And she's so lonely. She misses him so badly.

Dinah: Oh, I forgot about that. So you were there to hold her hand?

Mallet: Yeah, in a manner of speaking. I guess I helped her through the worst part of it, I don't know. Kind of sat and drank beers, at the part of the road where Gus went off, and... I don't know, she was really lonely, and I guess she kind of still wanted to be alone, I don't know, so I took off.

Dinah: And that's it?

Mallet: Yeah, then I got in my car and I started driving back to Springfield and I was listening to that cd you gave me, "The Best of the '70s Love Songs."

Dinah: ( Laughs )

Mallet: It's hot, and I started thinking about you and I was kind of hoping you weren't working late. And I guess somebody was listening to me because I got my wish.

Dinah: Me, too! Me, too! I was thinking the same thing. I'm glad I left work when I did. What's up? What's wrong?

Mallet: Oh, I keep thinking about this thing that happened tonight. You know, Beth was at the crash site when Harley and I were there.

Dinah: Beth? What for?

Mallet: Uh, that's a good question.



Gus: ( Grunts )

Beth: Hey there. Miss me?



Buzz: The wine okay?

Olivia: Fine.

Buzz: I'm sorry I was harsh with you earlier.

Olivia: No, don't apologize. I was pretty testy myself.

Buzz: I only get worked up like there over people that are important to me.

Olivia: Yeah.

Buzz: So just call it a rough day and leave it at that?

Olivia: I will if you will.

Buzz: Okay, deal.

Olivia: Can I just say one more thing?

Buzz: Sure.

Olivia: You and I have something that's so special, and what happened at the inn that night was important to me for what it was.

Buzz: Right.

Olivia: But anyway, you're important to me.

Buzz: Right, right.

Olivia: You are.

Buzz: Okay.

Olivia: At the risk... I don't want to risk losing our friendship. So you know what? If it makes you uncomfortable for me to see Frank, then I'll end it before it goes any further.

Buzz: No, don't do that.

Olivia: You obviously don't think Frank and I are a good match.

Buzz: I've been wrong about so many things in my life. Frank's a good kid, so be good to him. I mean, I know he's not a kid...

Olivia: No, you're right. He is a good kid. Anyone can see that, even me.

Buzz: Glad to hear it.

Olivia: I don't know. There must be something in those Cooper genes. You know, you keep turning out really good, decent, sweet men.

Buzz: Of course we have. I have something to do.



Dinah: Hey.

Mallet: Oh, hey. Sorry.

Dinah: You've had a long day. You're all tied up in knots.

Mallet: Yeah, I guess it's a little bit too much time in the car.

Dinah: Too much '70s music?

Mallet: No, way. Lionel Richie rocked.

Dinah: ( Laughs ) What were you saying about Beth?

Mallet: I think it's weird the way she just showed up in the middle of nowhere. I mean, I don't know, what can I say? The girl weirds me out. I get a weird vibe. I don't know.

Dinah: You say, Dinah, let me go to the bar and get you the drink I was asking you about?. What was it you wanted? This is not about Beth and this is not about being cooped up in the car.

Mallet: I guess I'm a little worried about Harley.

Dinah: Listen, grieving takes time. You've got to let her go through it. You've got to give her some space.

Mallet: Well, that's not so easy to do when she's my partner. I mean, we've got to go to work tomorrow. So what am I supposed to do? Say nothing, do nothing?

Dinah: You know what, I don't know. It's really tough when love is that strong, but that's what makes us so lucky.

Mallet: What do you mean? Are we lucky?

Dinah: We are lucky because we don't have any of those heavy-duty emotional ties. We're casual, you know. We don't have to worry about that kind of thing. That's just the way we like it, nice and easy.

Mallet: Yeah, casual. Uh-huh. Lucky... lucky for us that it's casual.



Alan-Michael: Are you sure it's a press release?

Harley: Yeah. Did Dinah mention this to you?

Alan-Michael: Not really. What's it say?

Harley: Well, the first part is just about how I'm leaving her and in charge of Spaulding while I'm gone. Did you prepare one of these for yourself?

Alan-Michael: No, just a couple of lines about how much we're looking forward to having you back full-time. Doesn't Dinah go on to say that?

Harley: No, no. Mostly it's about how well-suited she is to handle the responsibility of running a world-class conglomerate. Wow, it makes her sound so...

Alan-Michael: Sound so what?

Harley: Nothing, really. I'm tired, and I'm glad she's comfortable.

Alan-Michael: Hey, is it too late for a drink? You look like you could use one.

Harley: I don't think so. But I do think I'll hang out here for a while. I did always love this view.

Alan-Michael: You're the boss. Good night.

Harley: Good night.

Alan-Michael: Have patience. These things take time.



Gus: Well, I don't know what your plan is, but you can't really keep this up forever.

Beth: We'll see.

Alan: Oh, you're back, Beth, and you drugged me.

Beth: Oh, yeah, right. Before you could do it to me first. That was the plan, remember?

Gus: Well, so much for her leaving us here to die.

Beth: Ooh. I hope that's not too uncomfortable, boys. But, you see, I couldn't leave too much slack in the rope, you know, given the situation.

Gus: The situation is insane.

Beth: You'll get used to it. So just out of curiosity, what was the whole plan? Were you going to drug me, take my cell phone and my car keys? I do admit I've been passive most of my life, but I've never been stupid.

Alan: Be reasonable, Beth.

Beth: Oh, and what, huh? Let you go? No. Oh! Gus, guess who I saw? Harley. And I wouldn't worry about her if I were you. She looks great.

Gus: Where did you see her?

Beth: Not too far from here, actually. Yeah, she came up to celebrate your birthday and say a final good-bye. Emphasis on the final because guess who she was with? Ding, ding, ding! That's right, Mallet. And he was looking pretty good himself, and attentive. Yes, I think it's safe to say that the good detective is more than ready, willing and able to help Harley get past her grief. I mean, not that she won't always miss you, Gus, but, hey, life goes on, right? Well, for some of us, anyway. Happy birthday, Gus.



Harley: Gus.



Next on "Guiding Light"...

Ava: The truth of the matter is you love Lizzie, and watching that really sucks.

Jonathan: What did he say? Did he threaten you?

Tammy: No, Jonathan. He threatened you.
Sandy: And now I'm guessing you're finally figuring out you're not going to get rid of Jonathan on your own; you need my help.



Coop: Ava, did I screw something up here?

Ava: What? Um... no. I don't know.

Coop: Okay, that's a great answer. Would you turn around and look at me? I mean, what's going on? What's wrong?

Ava: I've been thinking about the room and just living here.

Coop: Right. Ava, I told you I wasn't going to let Lizzie force you out of here.

Ava: And that was really great of you.

Coop: But?

Ava: But... I guess I could say I want to be noble and decent and I don't want to cause trouble with you two...

Coop: Right, right, but the truth of the matter is?

Ava: The truth of the matter is you love Lizzie and watching that really sucks.



Lizzie: Hey.

Beth: Oh.

Lizzie: Watch it. Mom.

Beth: Lizzie.

Lizzie: Why are you dressed like that?

Beth: Sweetie, uh...

Lizzie: What's wrong? You look like you've just seen the dead.



Jonathan: Hey, you don't come back to me real soon, I'm going to come looking for you.

Tammy: Start looking behind you. Hmmm, I guess you missed me.

Jonathan: Where the hell were you?

Tammy: Easy. What's going on?

Jonathan: I'm cool. Are you okay? All right, then everything's cool.

Tammy: So what are you so worried about? Jon?

Jonathan: Nothing-- I just wanted you here with me.

Tammy: Sandy came by today.

Jonathan: Here? What did she say? Did he threaten you?

Tammy: No, Jonathan. He threatened you.



Sandy: Cassie. Come on in?

Cassie: I'm not here for a cup of tea, Sandy.

Sandy: let me guess. You're here to tell me to stay away from Tammy.

Cassie: You got that right. Back off, Sandy! Tammy has enough to deal with.

Sandy: No kidding. But I'm not the one making her miserable. I'm not the one ruining her life and you know it. Now I made you an offer before, you refused it. And now I'm guessing you're finally figuring out that you're not going to get rid of Jonathan on your own. You need my help. That's okay; I've already started laying the ground work.

Cassie: What ground work?

Sandy: A way to get Jon out of Tammy's life permanently. Interested?



Jeffrey: Josh. Josh? You all right? Oh, God. So, what happened?

Josh: Nobody really knows. Reva's still unconscious. Billy was driving, but uh...

Jeffrey: Billy was driving. You don't think that-- uh, have you called Cassie? I'm going to do that, okay? I'll do that for you. So, you just... don't worry about that, okay?

Josh: It's time for you to wake up, Reva. You remember all of those talks we had before about destiny? About how there are some things that happen for a reason, that are meant to happen? Well, this is not one of those things, okay. Destiny has other plans for you. How many times have I been by your bedside in some hospital somewhere, or you've been by mine? We've been through pretty much everything in our life together, I think. But somehow we managed to survive every single time and this time, you're going to pull through this. So you might as well just get on with it. And open up those impossibly beautiful blue eyes of yours and talk to me. We can talk about anything you want. Tell me whatever's on your mind, okay. Just say something, please.

Billy: Sounds like a pretty one-sided conversation over there.

Josh: Hello, Billy.

Billy: How is she?

Josh: She's hanging in there.

Billy: Damn.

Josh: Let me tell you something, okay. You don't get to play the self-pity game with me this time. Reva is where she's at because of you. You did this to her, Billy.

Billy: Josh...

Josh: No. You were drinking before you got behind that wheel, right? Reva's in that bed because of you, and there's no way around that fact.



Cassie: Go ahead.

Sandy: Well, Johnnyboy's got some big bills to pay and I think he's long overdue.

Cassie: And I'm guessing you feel you're due for some payback yourself?

Sandy: You think so?

Cassie: You know what I think, Sandy? I think you've got his all figured out. And if you can think of a way to get Jonathan out of Tammys life for good...

Sandy: I'd be doing you and her a big favor, right?

Cassie: Not to mention yourself, right? All right, Sandy, if you do go after Jonathan, I do not want Tammy involved. If she gets caught in the middle, you're going to have to deal with me.

Sandy: Okay, look. Tammy is...

Cassie: No, no, no.

Sandy: Jonathan's biggest weakness!

Cassie: Tammy is out. She is out. You don't call her; you don't bait her. You don't even look at her, understand? ( Cell phone ringing )

Sandy: I think you better answer that. That could be our... Tammy. ( Cell phone ringing )

Cassie: Hello.

Jeffrey: Hi.

Cassie: Jeffrey, what is it?

Jeffrey: Listen, your sister has been in a car accident. I'm at Cedars now.

Cassie: Oh, my God, is Reva okay?

Sandy: Reva?

Jeffrey: It's too early to say. Josh is here, too. Cassie?

Cassie: I'm on my way.

Sandy: What's the matter with Reva?

Cassie: Never mind.

Sandy: Fine, I'm coming with you.



Jonathan: That's how that little weasel works, he smiles and acts one way and then he comes from behind and just...

Tammy: I guess you know Sandy better than I do in some ways.

Jonathan: Unfortunately. He's pretty pathetic when he gets desperate, too. Spitting out those threats.

Tammy: What kind of threats?

Jonathan: Lame stuff. Nothing to worry about.

Tammy: I'm afraid, Jonathan. I mean, Sandy's been doing really weird stuff. I mean, he had this tape of you threatening him that he played for me.

Jonathan: Hey, have a little faith; I know how to handle Sandy.

Tammy: The tape made you sound crazy. I mean, I took it from him, but he'll find something else to use against you. He will; I know it. ( Cell phone rings ) Hello. Hey, Jeffrey, are you okay? Oh, no.



Coop: Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Have a good one.

Ava: I'm doing it again. I'm making things weird.

Coop: Ava, things are weird. The good thing is that they get better.

Ava: It is totally my fault, though. I shouldn't have opened my mouth.

Coop: Ava, look, if you hadn't opened your mouth, and told me how you feel, then I wouldn't have been able to tell you how I feel, you know.

Ava: It's not like that would've made a difference. You're trying to get back together with Lizzie--

Coop: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Who said anything about me trying to get back--

Ava: I mean, that you're open to that, that-- you know-- that is might be an option for you. Because if it is, that means you still have feelings for her. And I don't want to interrupt that ever. It's fine, it's cool; I'll find a new place.

Coop: Right.



Lizzie: Mom, I don't get it. Why do you look like you just got done planting a flag on the south pole?

Beth: Ah, well, I went for a hike and you know, the snow is really deep up there.

Lizzie: You went for a hike in the snow? Was the elliptical machine broken at the gym?

Beth: Uh... ( coughs ) Uh, no, of course not. I just... I like going up there, you know, top of the world, looking down on the town.

Lizzie: Yeah, I get it, I guess. Why haven't you returned my calls? I mean, you make this big speech about us being a team again and then you disappear. I mean, I thought we could do the country club for like a late tea or a lunch.

Beth: Sweetie, I'm sorry, I didn't know that you had called me. I uh... lost my cell phone.

Lizzie: Well, you should get a new one.

Beth: You're right, I should. I should, but, um... you know, I've been so busy. Like a full schedule.

Lizzie: Is this about granddad, Mom?

Beth: What do you mean?

Lizzie: You know, the keeping so busy that you don't have time to think about him being gone?

Beth: ( Coughing ) Oh. ( Stammering ) Yeah, maybe-- maybe it has something to do about that. You know, I haven't been the same since your dad.

Lizzie: I'm sorry I haven't been around more to help.

Beth: You've come so far in the last year, haven't you?

Lizzie: Poverty will do that. And love-- falling in love.

Beth: Yeah. Love makes us do a lot of things, both good and bad. You know that when I froze your accounts and I canceled your credit cards, that was out of love. I was just afraid. There's so much history between the Spaulding and the Coopers, and you were getting involved with Coop and I was afraid that you were getting in over your head.

Lizzie: I understand.

Beth: But you proved me wrong. You showed me that.

Lizzie: Me? How?

Beth: By taking charge of your life because that's what you did. That's what I'm trying to do now. No more being the victim. I'm watching you handle what you had to handle, being so strong and sure and knowing what you wanted and going after it. Oh, sweetheart, you... you are the strongest, bravest person I have ever known and I forgot that for a while. Thank you. Thank you for reminding me.

Lizzie: Do you want to go inside and talk a while, grab a table?

Beth: I would love to, but um... I can't. I need to go home; I need to think.

Lizzie: Think?

Beth: Yeah. Um, about the future, what my next move is going to be. But let's do lunch soon, okay?

Lizzie: I would like that.

Beth: Good. And, honey, I promise what's coming, the future, it's going to be so bright for both of us. You'll see.

Lizzie: I know it will be, Mom. Bye! Mom is right. Know what you want, grab it and take control. It's time to take control.



Ava: Salad, lots of feta cheese and a hamburger.

Lizzie: Coop, hey.

Coop: Lizzie, hey, how are you?

Ava: It's okay. I've got the rest. It's fine.

Coop: You sure?

Ava: Yeah.

Coop: Okay.

Ava: Good.

Coop: All right. Hey there.

Lizzie: Hey. Is, um... everything okay?

Coop: Yeah, yeah, everything's fine, you?

Lizzie: Well, I bought an apartment.

Coop: You what?

Lizzie: All of my credit cards and my accounts have been turned back on. I'm rich again.

Coop: So your mom finally caved. Well, congratulations. That's what you always wanted, right?

Lizzie: Well, it's okay. Actually, I bought the apartment so that we could celebrate.

Coop: You bought Quinn's penthouse?

Lizzie: My penthouse. But... I have a full crew there cleaning it out; all the remnants of Quinn are gone.

Coop: Good for you. That's good for you, Lizzie.

Lizzie: So I was thinking maybe you might stop by. I mean, all that stuff's going to be gone-- no bad memories, nothing.

Coop: Yeah. Um... Lizzie, look. It's easier to get rid of old things than it is to get rid of old memories.

Lizzie: But it is a start, right?

Coop: Yes. Yes, it is a start.

Lizzie: Great.



Brian: Excuse me, Miss?

Ava: Yes, hi. How can I help you?

Brian: I sure hope so. Miss...

Ava: Ava.

Brian: Ava. Nice name.

Ava: Thanks.

Brian: So do I just sit anywhere, or do you show me?

Ava: Well, this place is casual, so... yeah, anywhere is fine.

Brian: Is this one yours?

Ava: Yes, yes.

Brian: Good.



Billy: No, thanks. I'm good.

Josh: Is that supposed to be a joke? Look at her, Billy. Look at her. It's because of you and this frickin' bottle.

Billy: You can't possibly hate me as much as I hate myself right now.

Josh: Yeah, I wouldn't be too sure about that.

Billy: Josh, I can beat this. I know I can beat this.

Josh: Yeah, yeah, I know you can, Billy.

Billy: I'm telling you, Josh, I can.

Josh: Well why don't you try telling me something you haven't tried a million times before.

Billy: This is a wake-up call.

Josh: What about Reva? Does she get a wake-up call?

Billy: Yeah, okay, Josh, I did have a drink. But, I... she wanted to get out of there and I wanted to leave Cross Creek, too. And I really didn't think that I... I just didn't--

Josh: No, you didn't think, Billy, that's the whole point. You couldn't think for the same reason that you couldn't react when you needed to react the most.

Billy: So where are the cops? When are they coming here?

Josh: What, you mean to take you in?

Billy: Yeah, something like that.

Josh: They don't know.

Billy: How can they not know?

Josh: The EMT's brought you here. For some reason I can't really fathom, they didn't test your blood alcohol content.

Billy: But you were there and you knew.

Josh: Yes, I did. But I didn't say anything.

Billy: Thank you.

Josh: Don't thank me. I haven't said anything yet, but that doesn't mean I'm not going to.



Jonathan: If I find out the guy who was driving that truck...

Tammy: Easy. She will be okay. She has to be.

Sandy: You bet Reva will be okay. She's tough.

Jonathan: What the hell are you doing here?

Sandy: I came with Cassie.

Tammy: What?

Sandy: We drove our own cars, but I was there with her when she got the call about Reva.

Cassie: Oh, my God. Reva? How did this happen? Do we know who is responsible for this?

Billy: Yeah. I'm responsible for this.



Michael Dempsey, "Inside The Light."

It feels cool to be part of the longest running show in broadcast history. You know, it means like I'm becoming part of this tradition, you know, that feels pretty grounding.

See Alan-Michael Wednesday, March 1st, "Inside The Light."



Ava: So how's the burger?

Brian: Almost as good as McHale's Pub in Madison, only we used onion rings instead of grilled.

Ava: Wait, Madison? You waited tables in Madison. I heard Madison is like a great party town.

Brian: Working three jobs to pay tuition. I didn't get out that much.

Ava: Yeah, well, welcome to my life.

Brian: Oh, you still in school?

Ava: Ah, you know, not at the moment. I'm just trying to pay off things, bills. How about you, you still waiting tables?

Brian: No. No. If I'm on my feet, I want to be on top of a building or bossing a work crew around.

Ava: Well, I don't mean to rush you, but you know, it's end the of my shift and I have to get ready to go to my second job.

Brian: Do you have a pen?

Ava: Yeah. Okay-- wait, hang on.

Brian: Trust me. This is my number. In case there's a credit card problem, you know how to find me.

Ava: Oh.

Brian: And your number is?

Ava: Um... is this a little trick you learned in Madison?

Brian: Somebody needs to wait on you for a change. What do you say?

Ava: Um... I say yeah, why not?



Coop: There is just something snakey about that guy. I mean, don't you see it or feel it?

Lizzie: You know what I am thinking about? I am going crazy sitting this close to you and not touching. More than touching. Don't you feel it?

Coop: ( Clears throat )

Lizzie: It's okay, you don't have to say anything. I know that you do. We were too close to just turn it off overnight. I know that I cant. I keep dreaming about being in your arms again, pressed up against you. Your lips on my...

Coop: Lizzie, please. Can we just...

Lizzie: I shouldn't be talking like this, I know. And we do have a lot of stuff to deal with, but I can't stop feeling what I feel and how much I love you and need you and want you. I've thinking about it all of the time, Coop. It's all I can think about.



Cassie: What happened, Billy?

Billy: This truck came out of nowhere and cut me off. It took me by surprise. I guess I was kind of distracted.

Cassie: You can't blame yourself.

Josh: Sure he can.

Billy: Yeah. Yeah, see, this was never supposed to happen. Josh is right.

Cassie: Look at us. Here we are, we're sitting in the same room and we're not even fighting. That's pretty good, right? Maybe that means that we'll be okay, too, huh? I know you'll be all right. I know it. I can feel it.

Jonathan: Get a life, freak!

Cassie: Oh, no.

Jonathan: Reva is not your mother! We are not your family!

Sandy: I need to be here.

Jeffrey: What's going on out here?

Tammy: Mom? How is she?

Cassie: You know your Aunt Reva, she'll fight for this.

Tammy: Sandy says he was with you when you heard about Reva.

Cassie: That's true.

Tammy: Why?

Man: Are you Sandy Foster?

Sandy: That's me.

Man: This is for you.

Sandy: What is it?

Cassie: A restraining order.



Josh: Billy, do you remember anything at all about the accident, what happened before?

Billy: I mean, you want to talk about destiny, I think you should look at what's right in front of you. Right in front of us.

Reva: Oh, my God, Billy.

Josh: Billy?

Billy: Yeah. Hey, what'd the doctor say about her?

Josh: She's stable; we're waiting for test results.

Billy: She's going to make it, because this is Reva Shayne we're talking about.

Josh: No, actually we're talking about you right now and you're drinking, Billy. I mean, is somebody going to have to die before you get your act together?

Billy: Hey, I will get it together; I'll make it work. Nobody's going to have to die.

Josh: Fine, then do it! Stop talking about it and do it! Because this is the last time I'm picking up after you, okay? Do you understand what I'm saying?

Billy: I'll take care of Reva.

Josh: How are you going to take care of Reva when you can't even take care of yourself?

Billy: When I can't even take care of myself? Don't worry, I'll figure it out. I'll do whatever it takes. I will do whatever it takes to take care of Reva and not the devil or God or the great Josh Lewis is going to do anything to stop me.



Tammy: You threatened Jonathan's life. That's a court order making sure that you stay away.

Sandy: From you?

Tammy: What?

Sandy: "Must remain 500 feet away from Tammy Winslow at all times." Read for yourself.

Tammy: I don't get it. The order's supposed to make sure that Tammy stays away from Jonathan, not me.

Jonathan: I can take care of myself.

Jeffrey: I made the call, Tammy, and I'll tell you why. You're the one who's at risk, here. Besides, Jonathans right, he can take care of himself.

Jonathan: Good. Well, since there's nothing stopping me, I'll escort you out of this building myself.

Jeffrey: I think I'll do the honors, if that's all right with you, Sandy.

Sandy: You don't have to do this. You know I would never hurt you.

Tammy: I just want it to end, Sandy. My life is with Jonathan. I don't want to see you or talk to you; I just want you gone for good.

Jeffrey: Come on.



Billy: Hey, Josh, you can judge me; you can even call the cops if you want, but don't for one second pretend that the only reason you're going to take care of Reva is because I cant. We both know that's bull.

Josh: Of course I want to take care of Reva. She's still my wife. What are you talking about?

Billy: Then why did you leave her?

Josh: I had no choice and you damn well know it.

Billy: Then what are you doing coming up to Tulsa?

Josh: I wanted to see her speech!

Billy: Because?

Josh: I wanted support her in some way, okay?

Billy: Come on, Josh! She cares about you; don't you know that's just like wrapping her around your little finger.

Josh: That's not what I'm doing.

Billy: Bull. The last thing she needs right now is somebody that she cares about treating her badly.

Josh: Oh, my God. This is not about your guilt, is it, or this accident? You want to be with Reva. You want to be with her, don't you?

Jonathan: Hey, Billy.

Tammy: Are we interrupting?

Billy: No, I'm through with him.

Jonathan: Is she okay?

Josh: Yeah. We're just waiting for some test results.

Billy: Tammy, are you okay?

Tammy: I'm just glad you are, that's all. Jonathan, you want a minute alone?

Jonathan: No, no. She knows I'm here.

Tammy: Talk to her. If anyone can wake her up, you can.

Billy: I want to go out and get some air, too.

Jonathan: Hey, Mama bear. It's cub. You resting; you look good. It would be really cool if you woke up right now because there's some things going on I wouldn't mind, um... running by you. You're the only person that gets me, you know. Like, Tammy loves me, but you really get me.

Cassie: Sorry, I just wanted to...

Jonathan: No, that's fine. Just mom-sitting. She's all yours.

Cassie: She loves you a lot, you know.

Jonathan: Yeah, well, she needs more than just me, so when she wakes up, why don't you start talking to her again?

Cassie: I'll try.

Jonathan: Just do it.

Cassie: ( Clearing throat ) I really want to. Jonathan's not the only one who really needs you.

Jonathan: All right, Sandy, I'd better get to you before you get to me.



Ava: Okay, so table four is about to check out-- just give me two seconds. If anyone else comes in, send him over.

Coop: Ava, um... look, is everything okay at that table? Is he okay?

Ava: Who, table four? Brian? Table four. He's fine. He asked me out, that's all. No big deal.

Coop: Uh... oh, he asked her out, no big deal.

Lizzie: I should get going, but thanks for the hot cocoa.

Coop: You're welcome. You're welcome. And congratulations on the penthouse, the apartment.

Lizzie: Coming by is probably kind of a little bit too much to ask?

Coop: Um, yeah, yeah, it kind of is.

Lizzie: I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking, but maybe we could do something else. Maybe a movie.

Coop: Sure. Yeah, sure. Something else sometime would be great. A movie sounds fine. I'll be glad to do that.

Lizzie: Great, I will call you then.

Coop: Okay.

Lizzie: Bye.

Coop: Bye.

Lizzie: It's about time.

Brian: Lizzie Spaulding?

Lizzie: You're Brian, right?

Brian: Yes, ma'am.

Lizzie: Your agency's expensive, but everyone says if you are looking to hire the best escort possible, heavenly hotties are worth every penny. ( Whispers ) And you are.

Lizzie: You got Ava's number, right?

Brian: As advertised.

Lizzie: You are worth every penny, and um, here's a little extra for your trouble.

Brian: It's no trouble. To tell you the truth, taking cash from a client as hot as Ava is...

Lizzie: Please, first impressions. You're going to earn every dime of this trying to stay awake on the second date.

Brian: Second? It seems you may need my services long-term.

Lizzie: As long as it takes to get little miss waitress's mind off my boyfriend.

Brian: How far exactly do you want my services to extend?

Lizzie: Do whatever you have to do. Just don't do it here again, okay? Take her somewhere else.

Brian: You're paying.

Lizzie: Gladly. As long as she...

Coop: Ava, I'll be right back inside. Hold on. Ah, hey. So... everything okay here?

Lizzie: Oh, of course. So two blocks down on the right, it's a great bookstore.

Brian: Thanks. Great burger, man. Nice to meet you.

Lizzie: You, too. Bye.

Coop: Uh-huh. So...

Lizzie: So...

Coop: This guy didn't happen to hit on you, too, now did he?

Lizzie: Him, no. He's not my type. Even if he did, I would have told him that I am taken. And you know that.



Jonathan: Hi.

Tammy: Where did you go?

Jonathan: You know how much I hate hospitals. Seeing Reva lying there like that, I just wanted to go for a walk, you know.

Tammy: Are you okay?

Jonathan: I am now. I just wanted to get it out of my system. You know how it is. When it's time, you've just got to take care of business.



Sandy: What the... nice start, Jonathan.



Josh: Are you in love with Reva, Billy?

Billy: Josh, you and Reva never had a bigger fan than me. But you're stupid. What kind of a guy walks away from her?

Josh: This is crazy.

Billy: Why is this crazy, because it's not "Josh and Reva, always"? Look, what was the "always" when you were out with Olivia on Valentine's Day? Or when she needs help with her son and you side with Cassie?

Josh: You know what? I've got to get out of here.

Billy: Okay. On your way, just remember, let her go, Josh.

Josh: I'm going to call Marah and Shayne and tell them what happened to their mom. I won't tell them that you were drinking, okay, because I don't think they need to know that. See you later, darlin'.

Billy: Hey, Reva. I'm here. You're not alone girl; a lot of people love you. You're never going to be alone.

Reva: Billy?

Billy: Hey, sweetie, I'm here, right here next to you. Okay. You're safe. I'm going to make this right, Reva, I swear. I swear it.



Next on "Guiding Light"...

Alan-Michael: The press heard that Harley's going to name me the new CEO.

Harley: Alan-Michael is not what you're father thinks he is.

Alan-Michael: Today's the day I get thrown to the lions.

Harley: It's his family company, it's his family name, so...

Alan-Michael: I've been ready for this my whole life.





Marina: You know, it is really too bad. I don't get very many days like this, completely jobless for the next 24 hours.

Alan-Michael: I don't get many days like this, either.

Marina: Like what?

Alan-Michael: When I have to act like a responsible adult.

Marina: Hmmm. You know what's weird, following the reading of a will for a culprit.

Alan-Michael: For Spaulding's, any press is good press. Alan's dead, so people want to know what he left behind.

Marina: I can tell you this much: A mess.

Alan-Michael: A mess that could get bigger. The press heard that the company is going to name me the new CEO, so today I get thrown to the lions.

Marina: I don't get you. The rest of your family is clawing for this and you act like it is a death sentence.

Alan-Michael: I just need to get through the day. We'll do something tonight.

Marina: Okay. Hey, you know, I'm really sorry about Alan. I mean I know a lot of people in this town kind of hated him, but a father is a father. Besides, you didn't turn out too bad, so he couldn't have been all that bad. (Creedence Clearwater Revival's "Fortunate Son" plays )

_

Alan-Michael: I'm going to enjoy this day.

Evie: Hello, Alan-Michael. Welcome back, my goodness, you have been busy since the last time you came to visit.

Young Alan-Michael: Do you like it?

Evie: Of course. We love when you come to visit, especially your father.

Young Alan-Michael: Can I see him now?

Evie: Well, he is in a meeting, but I told him you're here, so who knows. Maybe some day, they'll be writing about you sitting in your father's big chair.

Young Alan-Michael: My father's big chair.

Alexandra: Well, aren't we all bright-eyed and bushy- tailed. It's a big day. Your portrait goes back on that wall of fame. Are you ready?

Alan-Michael: I've been ready for this my whole life.

Alan: What do you mean he's here. This is not a good time for Alan-Michael to visit. Hope, I did not agree to take Alan-Michael this week. No I did not. The point is, I'm a very busy man. Yes, sometimes too busy for my own son. ( Screaming )

Alan: Alan-Michael, that vase you just broke is from the Ming Dynasty.

Young Alan-Michael: I'm sorry, Dad.

Alan: That's all right, I'll take it out of your salary when you start working for the company. Good to see you, son, I've been counting the moments until your arrival.

_

Harley: Hey, hey, the cover, you're never going to make it.

Marina: What, what?

Harley: It was subtle, but I could see it the moment I walked in, you're so happy. And is it possible it is Alan- Michael, and is it possible I think you guys are actually a good thing.

Marina: It is possible. I don't know. He is sort of patched with my dad and with my mom, with you.

Harley: So has it ever stopped anybody else in this town from hooking up?

Marina: I don't know. I like him, Harley. And I don't care about his past. I mean I do, but I don't. I just like how he is with me now.

Harley: That's all that matters. And I have to say I don't think I would have actually seen you and Alan-Michael together in the beginning, just like I would never have seen me and Gus together in the beginning.

Marina: Do you think it was fate with you and Gus?

Harley: You know, there is a funny little crook in the fate thing. When things are going really well, fate is the best thing. But when things are terrible, fate can be this "no way out situation."

Marina: I've been thinking about it a lot, the night of the blackout, and Michelle declared her love for Danny, and I walked into the middle of the street, and, bam, literally, and everything has changed.

Harley: And another Cooper fell for another Spaulding. So, I don't know, maybe it is fate. I just -- I just hope that..

Marina: That it works out better this time.

_

Alexandra: Alan-Michael. Relax, darling. We wouldn't dare start reading the will without you. You're ready to win the daily double. The CEO of Spaulding, and that's more money than a small contract.

Alan-Michael: We'll see.

Alexandra: After this is all over, you and I are going to have a nice long talk about our positions in the family.

Alan-Michael: Sounds like fun.

Alexandra: Yeah. But keep your eye on what is important today, which is...

Alan-Michael: What's that?

Alexandra: Well, to appear, even if for a few moments, that you are grieving the loss. Darling, Alan did love you in his way.

Alan-Michael: I love you. You okay? Beth?

Beth: Alan-Michael. I always assumed that this would be over, and that he would come home. What?

Alan-Michael: I always thought he was superhuman, too.

Beth: I want you to know that whatever happens, you have my complete support. After all, you are the oldest surviving male Spaulding.

_

Marina: At first I wanted to go running and screaming in the other direction. I wanted nothing to do with him.

Harley: But now?

Marina: He was just not what I thought.

Harley: All we have to do is convince your father.

Marina: Hmmm, I can't. He is a Spaulding! Now he is going to be CEO, can't get more Spaulding than that.

Harley: Alan-Michael is not what your father thinks he is. Not anymore. I don't even know if he ever was. He is not cut from the same cloth as Alan and Phillip. He doesn't have this maniacal desire to take over the world. But, hey, it is his familys company and it is his familys name. So...

Marina: I don't know. Maybe it is the Bauer in him. He's just not like the rest of the Spauldings. I just hope becoming CEO doesn't turn him into one.

_

Alan-Michael: You were always his favorite, Hilda.

Hilda: Well, you know, he would say, without you, I'm nothing.

Alan-Michael: He meant it.

Hilda: He was a lovely man, a lion to be sure, but a lovely man.

Alan-Michael: He was king of a pack of lions.

Alexandra: More like a bunch of wolves, if you ask me, but what do I know. Beth, Lizzie, I'm so sorry for your loss.

Beth: Alex, how you holding up?

Alexandra: Well, fine. Thank you, thank you.

Alan-Michael, it is good to finally meet you.

Alexandra: Well, I hope Bauer raised him in New York mostly, so he was here on visits. I'm sure Alan looked forward to the visits. His family was everything. I remember how good he was with young Phillip.

Alan-Michael: So do I.

Young Alan-Michael: Hi, Phil, want to play.

Phillip: You're smashing all of the cards into each other.

Young Alan-Michael: So?

Phillip: So, that is dumb.

Young Alan-Michael: We'll take the red car, it is the nicest one.

Phillip: That's okay, I don't really care.

Alan: Well, boys, who wants to go watch their father at work.

Young Alan-Michael: Can I go, please?

Alan: What about you, Phillip.

Phillip: No thanks.

Alan: Aren't you a little old to be playing with cars.

Phillip: No.

Alan: Why don't you give the red car to your little brother, and you come with me. I'll show you how big boys play.

Young Alan-Michael: Can I come, too?

Alan: Next time, Alan-Michael.

Alexandra: Your father will be missed...

Alan-Michael: Yes.

Alexandra: But his legacy moves on.

Ian Tanner: Shall we take our seats for the reading of Alan Spaulding's will.

Alan-Michael: I believe we're ready.

_

Harley: Hey, you know, I've got time to kill. You want to hit Main Street to wear something cute?

Marina: You are so bad.

Harley: Alan-Michael is going to be the man, and you're going to have to look good.

Marina: Oh, stop. It is all so weird. I don't know, I mean the power and the money and... the money. I know he is not trying to act weird about it and all, but he is going to be going from wealthy to -- I don't know. And that changes a person. I know he likes the way his life is right now.

Harley: Yes, he does. Especially now that you're in it. I won't let the company be a problem for you guys. I'll make sure the position is just temporary.

Marina: Thank you. I know he won't let it be a problem.

_

Alexandra: Is it all right? You look like you're expecting something. As long as you show your appreciation when you get it.

Ian Tanner: And to my beloved sister Alexandra, you were everything a sister should be: A protector, a companion, a teacher, a friend. To you I bequeath the Spaulding estates in Barbados, Switzerland, and I'd leave you the house, but it is to whoever controls Spaulding Enterprises. And to Beth, you were a wonderful partner, and I thank you for being my wife. A trust has been set up which will enable you to maintain your current standard of living.

Beth: An allowance? What, is he going to leave me a paper route as well? I just trust that wherever Alan is, he is learning there are consequences for this decision.

Alan-Michael: I always found father quite giving.

Alan: Are you still here?

Young Alan-Michael: I'm almost packed. I never did finish talking about you coming to my awards ceremony. I'm getting two --

Alan: Something has come up, Alan-Michael, I have got to go to California.

Young Alan-Michael: Well, is there anyway you could --

Alan: It is not your run of the mill meeting I'm going to. It is a big opportunity for your brother, Phillip.

Young Alan-Michael: Does Phillip even want to go to California?

Alan: Of course he does.

Young Alan-Michael: Philip could care less about the company. He tells you every chance he gets. I've been begging you to take me on a business trip, but you barely even see me.

Alan: Your turn will come. In honor of your awards. There is a lot of money there, so spend it wisely. You see, I didn't forget.

Ian Tanner: And to Phillip, a lifetime employment and a stipend, and the same to my butler, Jeremy.

Beth: He is running out of things, and he hardly has mentioned anything to you.

Alan-Michael: You're his wife. I would suspect he would be fair.

Young Alan-Michael: Ready to rock and roll.

Alan: Rock and roll?

Young Alan-Michael: It is just an expression. I'm just saying I'm happy to be here -- I mean I'm eager to get started, show you what I can do. You get the memo, the one about reorganizing the marketing --

Alan: Yes, and I'm waiting for Phillip, marketing is Phillip's specialty.

Alan-Michael: Ready to rock. I'm sure I have a lot to learn. The company is in my blood. Point me in the right direction.

Alan: If the company is in your blood, why can't you point yourself in the right direction, show a little input. I'm late for a meeting.

Alan-Michael: Can I sit in?

Alan: I hope it works out.

Alan-Michael: You hope it works out. That's a ringing endorsement.

Alan: I want to make one thing very clear to you: You will never fill Phillips shoes, but I like your eagerness, and if you step the bar a little lower, you won't be disappointed. Oh, and, Alan-Michael, if you want to make a serious impression, choose a tie that says power, not one that looks like some prep-school nerd.

Ian Tanner: We now come to the portion of the will concerning Alan Spaulding's last remaining son, Alan-Michael. There is a folder here addressed to you.

Alan-Michael: Mr. Tanner, can you hold off one minute.

Marina: Hi. I just couldn't stay away. I thought it would help if you had a hand to hold.

Ian Tanner: To my son, Alan-Michael, I bequeath... this is... this is quite unusual.

Alan-Michael: What's that?

Ian Tanner: This is what your father wanted you to have.

Alan: Alan-Michael, oh, son, it's so good to see you. It has been a long time.

Alan-Michael: You think?

Alan: Alan-Michael, I know that you and I have a lot to catch up on, we have a lot to work through. But I don't have much time. There is a blackout all through Springfield, and I have to get back to jail before they find out I'm missing.

Alan-Michael: Really? You called me and begged me to come back to Springfield?

Alan: Yes, because of the company. It's all slipping through my fingers.

Alan-Michael: You need my help?

Alan: Yes, I need your help.

Alan-Michael: Because Phillip is gone, and Gus can't stand you. You have no one. So now it is my turn.

Alan: It is your turn. You once told me that the company's blood runs through your veins.

Alan-Michael: It still does, Dad.

Alan: Good. Because Harley Cooper and the Cooper family are trying to tear down our legacy, and you are the one who must stop them.

Alan-Michael: You mean it is all up to me? I sure wish you would have taught me how Spaulding works. I'm not sure I'm up to it.

Alan: Of course you are. You're a Spaulding. Now would you stop this abandoned child thing.

Alan-Michael: Don't tell me what to do. I don't owe you a damn thing. I'm going along just fine in my life.

Alan: Are you? You have money, but do you have everything you that you truly want?

Alan-Michael: You have no idea what I want. You can't hurt me. You can't shut me down. I don't need you anymore.

Alan: Well, I need you, son. Now are you going to turn your back on your own family?

Alan-Michael: That's a tough one. Why don't we flip for it. I could help you or let you rot in jail.

Alan: Wait. Our family future hinges on the flip of a coin?

Alan-Michael: Call it.

Alan: Heads.

Alan-Michael: Heads it is. You win.

Alan: I've got to get out of the institution. And I'll come and relieve you at the company. So keep my chair warm.

Alan-Michael: A seat warmer, yeah, I think I can do that, Dad.

Alexandra: This isn't right. You've missed something, Ian.

Ian Tanner: I assure you, the instructions were quite clear.

Lizzie: That's all Granddad left him, a dime. Alan-Michael was his son.

Ian Tanner: Mrs. Spaulding, please, there is more.

Alexandra: I knew Alan had a terrible sense of humor. What did he say.

Ian Tanner: To make sure Alan-Michael was given this dime heads up. Does that mean anything to you?

Alan-Michael: Yes, it does.

Alexandra: Well, we're going to contest it.

Ian Tanner: I'm afraid there is nothing to contest. Mr. Spaulding will continue to enjoy his current lifestyle, but all he gets from his dad's will is one dime. ( Yelling )

Alan-Michael: Everybody just calm down. He and I were never close. I grew up without him, and half the time I was here, he was in prison. I'm just glad he didn't cut me out of the will entirely. I got a dime, and every last penny of it is mine. I'm not sharing.

Alexandra: Darling, this is not a laughing matter.

Alan-Michael: Why?

Alexandra: Because you deserve more.

Alan-Michael: Why? Alan knew that money wasn't that important to me. I have what I have, and that is good enough. But my dad always knew if I wanted to build a fortune, that I could do it myself, even if I had to start with one, thin dime.

Alexandra: All right, this is all very noble, darling, but --

Beth: Alexander, don't worry about it. Alan is getting what he deserves, trust me.

Alan-Michael: Thank you, Mr. Tanner.

Marina: Are you sure that you're really okay?

Alan-Michael: Do you want the true me or the nice guy you like so much.

Marina: How about the guy I was just holding hands with.

Alan-Michael: He pushed me down again, Marina. Even from the grave, Alan is still stepping all over me.

Young Alan-Michael: Dad!

Alan: Hey, sport, those meetings took a little longer than I expected. I hope you haven't been waiting too long.

Young Alan-Michael: I can wait.

Alan: Patience, that's what I like about you, Alan-Michael. Come over here. You see this chair that I'm sitting in? It is the most powerful chair in all of Springfield. From this seat, you can look down on everyone else. You know why?

Young Alan-Michael: Why?

Alan: Because that's what Spauldings do.

Young Alan-Michael: I love that chair.

Alan: You love this chair. One of these days, your brother Phillip will be sitting in this that chair.

Young Alan-Michael: What about me?

Alan: You will have a scrapbook of Phillip twice the size you have of mine.

Marina: You took off so fast, I thought I lost you.

Alan-Michael: It's not about the money, you know.

Marina: I know.

Alan-Michael: I made a scrapbook of everything he did when I was a kid. I tried to be happy or tough, tried to be smart, whatever I thought he wanted. It was never enough.

Marina: Because you would never be Phillip.

Alan-Michael: I'd never be anybody. I was a stranger whenever I showed up at that house. Sometimes new people were on the staff and they didn't even know who I was.

Marina: Well, ask me.

Alan-Michael: What?

Marina: Ask me who you are. And I'll tell you. Not just the obvious things, like your good looks or your great suits. I'm talking about the real stuff. Like the way you wash dishes. You remember that night at Company when you helped me close? It took us forever because you had to wash every glass just right. You're like that with everything. You care how things affect other people. You remember Zach's favorite bed-time story, and you always buy Lizzie her favorite candy you used to buy her when she was little. Things that most people don't think are very important, but it makes people feel very special.

Alan-Michael: Marina, there is something --

Marina: No. You always pick apart your caesar salad so there is always enough dressing. It drives me insane. And I know your favorite color has to be blue because you always take the blue piece of gum or the blue piece of candy out of the candy pack. Now, I could go on, but I think you get the idea. I'm really sorry that your father didn't pay attention to you, Alan-Michael, but I do. I do pay attention. And it's these things that I see that make me believe that you are going to be a truly great man.

Alan-Michael: It's my turn.

Marina: For what?

Alan-Michael: I love how you get what you want all the time without being pushy. I like that you're a cop from a cop family, and that makes me feel safe.

Marina: Stop.

Alan-Michael: I do like that you're not someone who chases happiness; you know how to create it. If any woman could save a man, that woman would be you.

Marina: Well, I don't see a man who needs saving. You know, Harley is going to be putting you in charge of that company today. Even though it's only temporary, Spaulding will never be the same once she walks away.

Alan-Michael: Right.

Marina: You are going to be the best Spaulding there ever was, you know? Because you don't need power to justify who you are.

Alan-Michael: You've got a lot of faith in me.

Marina: Well, it's worked for me so far.

Marina: I'm sorry. Did I say something wrong?

Alan-Michael: About what? No. Why?

Marina: I don't know. We were just talking about you handing the company back over to Harley and you got tense. I mean, did I put words into your mouth or something? I don't know. You fought hard for Spaulding before, maybe...

Alan-Michael: Yeah, but I'm not fighting for it now. I'm sorry, it is just Alan's will, and all of the stuff you've been saying is what I've been saying all along. You know the company is a drag for me.

Marina: Okay, good. Then you'll do your duty, and still stay true to yourself. Proving I know you like a book.

Alan-Michael: Um, press conference.

Marina: Right. But that's not until later, right, so...

Alan-Michael: Yeah, but there is something I've got to do before.

Marina: Okay. All right. Well, then, I'll meet you there.

Alan-Michael: I wouldn't want to be there without you.

Marina: Well good. And afterwards, I'll meet you here.

_

Alan-Michael: "Alan Brandon Spaulding, beloved father, grandfather, husband." You always were inseparable. Don't worry, Alan. I'll pay for it.

_

Marina: Hey, the flower is a nice touch.

Alan-Michael: Thanks.

Marina: Here, this is for you. For luck.

Alan-Michael: Are you in my head?

Marina: I don't know. It looks like the car you were driving the night we met up again, and it just reminded me of us. I hope it does the same for you.

Alan-Michael: It reminds me of a lot of things. Thank you. You're amazing.

Harley: Hey, you ready?

Alan-Michael: Yeah, let's get it over with.

Harley: All right.

Alan-Michael: Hey, hey, is my tie okay?

Marina: Yeah, of course.

Alan-Michael: It doesn't make me look like I'm in prep school?

Marina: No, you look great.

Audience: Mr. Spaulding! ( Yelling )

Alexandra: Don't forget, darling, you and I are going to have a talk after this is over.

Harley: Ladies and gentlemen, I'll make this brief. As you know, I am temporarily stepping down as CEO of Spaulding Enterprises, and while the people running it in my absence are capable and reliable, a more official appointment is required to show that one strong voice is steering this magnificent ship. In my place will be someone that I have come to trust, someone with a head for business and a heart for management, a true leader. Ladies and gentlemen, Dinah Marler. ( Yelling )

Reporter: Is that confirmed? Can we have a comment.

Dinah: I have no comment to make.

Harley: Congratulations.

Alan-Michael: What?

Harley: You don't have to worry about running the company anymore. This is a gift to you and Marina, you can follow your dreams now. You don't have to worry about the company again. You can thank me now.

Alan-Michael: What can I say, it really surprised me.

Alexandra: You and I should have lunch together.

Dinah: You don't seem to waste any time.

Marina: You are so sweet. Did you know you were going to do this when I talked to you?

Dinah: I had an idea, but...

Alan-Michael: You two talked about this?

Dinah: It wasn't a conspiracy or anything. But do me a favor, can you stay a little while --

Alan-Michael: Sure, sure, whatever I can do to help.

Alexandra: Dinah, I do have the perfect place for that.

_

Next on "Guiding Light"...

For heaven's sake it was an accident, Billy, an accident, right.

It is about family.

Sandy: I'm supposed to be scared because you broke into my room.

Jonathan: I have Tammy now, it makes me even scarier than you can imagine. Such cozy friends.

Sandy: It won't take much to drive you apart.






Billy: Hey there.

Reva: Hi, Billy.

Billy: You know, all this napping, I was beginning to think you were avoiding me.

Reva: No. If I wanted to avoid you, I'd...

Billy: Hey, take it easy. I don't know, I think your head's going to hurt a little bit there until you're... out of here.

Reva: Yeah, well, my head will feel fine once I get back to my own home.

Billy: Well, darling, I don't think they're going to let you get out of here until you're at least 102%.

Reva: Give it a rest, Billy. I know what this is about; I do. It's about you feeling guilty, right?

Billy: Guilty?

Reva: For heaven sakes, it was an accident, Billy, an accident. Right?

_

Cassie: Tammy.

Tammy: Mom.

Cassie: Hi, sweetie.

Tammy: Hi. I was just thinking about you.

Cassie: Are you up for celebrating this year?

Tammy: It's our anniversary. What do you think?

Cassie: Well, I would love to, but first there is something I need to tell you.

Tammy: Okay.

Cassie: It's about Sandy. Someone broke into his room at the Beacon.

_

Sandy: Returning to the scene of the crime?

Jonathan: I don't know what you're talking about.

Sandy: I'm supposed to be scared because you broke into my room.

Jonathan: Do you think because of our past you can deal with me. You got rid of me once?

Sandy: Well, I will if you want me to.

Jonathan: Oh, okay. I was weak back then. I was a pussy cat. I didn't have anything to live for, nothing to fight for. I have Tammy now. That makes me scarier than you can even imagine.

_

Harley: You know, I was thinking about that last undercover op.

Mallet: Mm-hmm. Well, we made the bust. That's what's important, right?

Harley: Well, it's not all that's important.

Mallet: Are you upset that I went with the whole husband/wife thing?

Harley: I just think maybe we should avoid, you know, husband/ wife scenarios in future. You've got a good thing with Dinah and we don't want our jobs to screw up the rest of our lives.

Mallet: Okay.

Dinah: Hey.

Harley: Hi.

Dinah: I thought I heard you guys. How are you doing?

Mallet: Flower delivery.

Harley: And I just came to make sure that you weren't regretting, you know, stepping in as the big boss.

Dinah: No. No, I think I'm just going to be just fine.

_

Alan-Michael: Such cozy friends. But it won't take much to drive you apart.

_

Tammy: Please, Mom, no more lectures, no more Jonathan is dangerous, and blah, blah, blah-- not today, okay?

Cassie: You know, you're right. Jonathan is the last person on the planet I want to talk about right now. Because I would rather focus on our special day and on you and how happy I am that we are standing here together.

Tammy: Me, too.

Jonathan: Uh-oh, why is everybody so happy?

Tammy: Hey, Jonathan.

Jonathan: Hi. Did I forget somebody's birthday or something?

Tammy: Today is the anniversary of the day that my mom got me back from foster care.

Cassie: One of the very best days of my life.

Jonathan: That's cool. So are you guys celebrating?

Tammy: Mom and I went through a lot back then.

Cassie: When I got my little girl back, and I made a vow that day that I would do whatever it took to protect her. I let her slip through my fingers once-- never again.

Tammy: Thank you. I know how you feel, Mom, and I love you.

Cassie: I love you, too, sweetheart.

Tammy: And I always will, okay? Never forget that.

Cassie: Tammy, honey...

Tammy: Come on. Happy Anniversary, Mom.

Cassie: Tammy... ( sighs ) Happy Anniversary.

_

Reva: Joshua, would you please tell your brother that accidents happen?

Josh: Accidents happen.

Reva: See.

Josh: Okay. Here's the deal: Reva, your doctor says that you should be well enough to leave by tomorrow.

Reva: Tomorrow, no.

Josh: Sorry.

Reva: Ooh. Okay, tomorrow. I'll wait till tomorrow.

Josh: Okay. Billy, you get to leave now. In fact, your nurse wants to see you in room two. She's going to give you the once over and then you're free to go. And don't worry about Reva; I'll take good care of her while you're away.

Billy: I won't be long.

Reva: Okay.

Josh: So... you gave us quite a scare.

Reva: Well, you need to be shaken up every now in then.

Josh: Well, I have learned to never to expect the expected when you're around.

Reva: ( Laughing )

Josh: Close your eyes, okay? I'm going to track down your doctor, make sure he gets to chance to...

Reva: Joshua?

Josh: Yeah.

Reva: Do you believe in destiny?

Josh: Actually, I believe that we make our own destiny. Get some rest.

_

Harley: Oh, my cell phone number.

Mallet: Oh, yeah.

Harley: I wrote it down somewhere because I can never remember these things.

Mallet: I'm ready, give it to me.

Harley: It's in here somewhere.

Mallet: Is everything in that jacket from the '70s or just the jacket itself?

Harley: I haven't worn this coat in a long time.

Mallet: ( Laughs ) What? What is it? What is going on?

Harley: Let's um...

Mallet: Harley.

Harley: I forgot that I didn't get Gus' shirts from the dry cleaner and I have to call the cleaners and tell them Im on my way to get them.

Mallet: Whoa, whoa, whoa. It's okay. You're going to have lunch with the girls right now.

Harley: No. No. Don't you understand, they've been in there for months. They can throw them away. I can't just go have lunch with girls. I've got to go get them.

Mallet: The shirts will be there tomorrow. They were here today; the shirts will be there tomorrow. Okay? They're just shirts, okay? Everything is going to be okay. Go have lunch.

Harley: I'm fine. No, I'm good. I think, though, that I may actually be losing my mind.

Mallet: I don't think you're losing your mind, but I'll let you know if I think you're losing your mind, but I don't think you're losing your mind, okay?

Harley: They're just shirts, right?

Mallet: Yeah.

Harley: Yeah. It's just one of the one million things that pops up every day to remind me of what my life was like just a couple of months ago. I am doing fine; I take a few steps forward and then-- wham-- something comes out of nowhere that breaks it all open for me. I get through one hour and I'm so proud of myself. You know, a whole day sometimes. And then there it is. There he is.

_

Josh: Hey, hey, hey. You still haven't told Reva yet, have you? She still does not know you have been drinking when you got behind the wheel of that car, does she?

Billy: No. But I will tell her. I owe her that and won't let her down.

Josh: Well, I think that it's a little late for that, don't you? Look, Billy, you have to get your act together first, and then whatever it is you think you're doing with Reva...

Billy: I'm not just thinking, I'm doing. I'm offering Reva what she needs or what you... I'm willing to give her what you can't or won't. You're lost.

Josh: Come on. I mean, I get it, all right? She's been helping you through these tough times and so you're having these for her now, but...

Billy: Wait a minute, you're not the only one who had a relationship with Reva. I've had a relationship with Reva for a long time and it is good-- sometimes great. We were having a good time until you came along. And if you hadn't come along...

Josh: If I hadn't come along, Reva would be dead right now and that is a fact. She stopped breathing, Billy, and you couldn't help her.

Billy: Yeah. Another fact: You told her you were moving on. Why not let her move on. Hey, Frank. Hey, Frank.

Reva: I really don't.

Frank: All right, um...

Billy: Hey, Frank.

Frank: Billy, you're back. Good. Listen, could I have a minute or two with you, please?

Billy: Uh... sure. Well, um... can I say a few things to Reva first?

Frank: Absolutely, I'll wait outside.

Billy: Okay.

Frank: Reva.

Reva: So they're springing you, huh? You abandoning me?

Billy: No. Darling, I would never abandon you, but, um...

Reva: But what? What is wrong, Billy?

Billy: Well, look, I, um, tried to tell you this before when we were-- before everything happened, you know. And um...

Reva: Yeah, and...? Tell me. I mean... what is on your mind, cowboy?

Billy: We're good for each other, you and me. And I've been by myself here, but I'm... ( stammering )

Reva: You're what?

Billy: What I'm trying to say is, if you want, I would take care of you. It might be a little rough at first, but you know, I think we both need it and um... once we got settled in, we could uh...

Reva: Wait. "We"? Are you saying what I think you're saying, Billy Lewis?

_

Jonathan: I hate hospitals.

Tammy: Jonathan, let's wait a minute.

Jonathan: What's up? You want to go back to your mom? Is that why you're being so quiet? I understand. I mean, I know it's a big day for you.

Tammy: That's not it. Listen, I have to ask: Did you break into Sandy's room?

Jonathan: Yeah, and I threatened his life, too.

Tammy: What?

Jonathan: I meant what I said. Every word.

_

Dinah: How do you think I'm doing, huh?

Alan-Michael: Scale of one to ten?

Dinah: Yeah.

Alan-Michael: Ten-and-a-half.

Dinah: Oh, good. Great.

Alan-Michael: We should do some PR on you. I mean I could set up a interviews, a couple of television spots.

Dinah: No. No. I can't stand PR. I am here for Harley, okay? I'm just covering until she gets back.

Alan-Michael: Dinah, come on. You saw that look in her eye when she was with Mallet. A blind man can tell that she's in love with the force. Back on the beat with a partner? It's where she belongs. She's not coming back here any time soon.

Dinah: Sorry. You made your point. We will do some publicity. I don't want to see my mug-shot on the business section of the paper, so we'll do some interviews, we'll do some photo shoots, whatever. Nothing huge.

Alan-Michael: There you go. The new CEO showing the kind of spunk that will take this corporation to new heights.

Dinah: Where you going?

Alan-Michael: I'm going to set up a photo session. I've got this guy-- he's great-- he usually shoots celebrities for vogue, but we need to do this right, you know. Think beautiful, think powerful.

Dinah: Beauty and power, hey?

_

Harley: I'm not going to do this. Because this will make me crazy. And I'm already late. Thank you.

Mallet: Hey, Harley...

Harley: No, I'm fine. I know what you're going to say. I'm fine and it's all good. Thank you. And I'm late. I've got to go inside. The girls! It has been so long since we were all together.

Blake: I know.

Harley: So how is Reva?

Cassie: She's... she's okay. How are you?

Harley: Um... I don't know. See for yourself.

Blake: Yeah. We kind of did.

Harley: Oh, you mean my partner dropping me off, that?

Blake: Yeah. Yeah.

Harley: You know, Blake, if you're planning to write a sequel, I'm going to have to strangle you and leave you by the side of the road.

Blake: No sequel, I promise, okay? I don't think I could top the original. You have forgiven me, haven't you?

Harley: Only because it's too exhausting to stay mad at you.

Blake: Ok, I love you so much. So, good, we'll talk. Because, you know, we saw the hug.

Harley: Mallet is my partner and he is my friend, okay? He's my very good friend. And for your information, that was because I just had a Gus moment.

Cassie: Which is totally understandable.

Harley: Thank you. Right now, for me, the only thing that makes sense for me is being on the force. It's the only thing that feels right.

Cassie: You know, I think Gus would be glad.

Blake: I'm not sure about that. I'm sorry. Do I want you to be happy? Of course I do. But it just makes me a little nervous.

Harley: About what?

Blake: Harley and Mallet. Dinah and Mallet. Dinah is pretty much head over heels, and when she falls...

Harley: You know what? Blake, they're good together. I think they're perfect together. I'm thrilled for both of them.

Blake: You are, really?

Cassie: Blake, you have never lost a husband.

Blake: Well, I realize that, but... look, if you still have feelings for Mallet at all...

Harley: Could you give me a break here? Like she said, I just lost my husband.

Blake: I realize that, but, honey, it is okay to... you have every right to move on with your life. And if there's any part of you on any level that might want Mallet back, now would be a good time to admit it before somebody got hurt.

Harley: My heart is with Gus. You know, it always will be. It doesn't matter whether he is here or not. I can't be with another man. It's not an option. Not now, not ever.

Blake: Harley, you can't put your heart on ice.

Harley: Watch me.

Cassie: Okay. How about we order some food?

Blake: No, no, because we need to address this. This is important. At some point in your life, you're going to want to be with somebody else. And it's not a disrespectful thing to admit that. You are not being unfaithful to Gus for wanting someone else.

Harley: Yes, I am.

Harley: I can't believe I just said that out loud.

Cassie: It's all right.

Harley: No, it's not.

Cassie: It's all right.

Harley: No, no, listen, because I don't feel like that, you know? I realize when I said it out loud it sounds like I'm admitting to something that I don't actually feel.

Cassie: You didn't admit anything, and would you relax? You don't have to admit anything. Right, Blake?

Blake: Well, of course not, but you don't have to feel guilty.

Harley: You know what I feel, Blake? I feel like I miss my husband.

Cassie: If she feels anything else, then she'll feel like she's not being true to Gus.

Harley: Do you feel that way? When you're with Jeffrey, do you feel like you're betraying Richard?

Cassie: We're not talking about me, all right?

Harley: No, let's talk about you, because I'm sick of myself and I'm sick of my problems. Let's solve some of your problems.

Cassie: Well, I don't think anyone can solve my situation. I... I found out some things about Jeffrey.

Blake: What kind of things? Hey, I'm not taking notes, okay?

Cassie: It turns out that I knew him before in San Cristobel, that he was there, and Jeffrey was helping to protect Richard. He was a stand-in.

Harley: What do you mean, that Jeffrey pretended that he was Richard in order to protect him?

Blake: And didn't tell you? Richard didn't tell you?

Cassie: Not a word. You know, it was a security issue.

Harley: Well, I understand, you know, a security issue, sure. Isn't that strange?

Cassie: Uh, yeah, in the least, yeah, it was strange... and kind of scary.

Blake: Scary?

Cassie: Yeah, that he's so good at keeping secrets.

Harley: Well, you know, that's... that's his work. And you love him, don't you?

Cassie: I do. But we're not talking about me. So, Harley, if you... if you find that you still have feelings for Mallet, then...

Harley: I dont. I wont. No, not now, not ever again. I won't go back there.

_

Photographer: Hold it right there.

Dinah: I don't know about this.

Alan-Michael: Well, I do. Trust me. We need to do a little press right now.

Reporter: Hello, Mrs. Marler. I know that you're busy, so right down to business.

Dinah: Well, business is booming. I've already raised Spaulding's profit by 63% this quarter, and I'm planning to do much better when Spaulding designs makes its debut at fashion week.

Photographer: She is something, huh?

Alan-Michael: Yes, she is.

Dinah: Yes, I am.

Reporter: Does your new job leave you time for a personal life?

Mallet: Does it ever!

Dinah: Honey, the flowers are beautiful!

Mallet: Yes, they are, and yes, she is.

Dinah: Don't you have dinner tonight with the president?

Mallet: Yes, I do, and your mom's going to look after the baby, so if you want to get down to the big house.

Alan Michael: She sure can. She's got this place running by itself.

Photographer: It's a great honor to shoot you, ma'am.

Reporter: You set quite an example.

Alan-Michael: Yes, she has.

Dinah: Yes, I have.

Mallet: Yes, you have. I've just met the most amazing woman in the world, which makes me the luckiest man in the world.

Dinah: ( Laughs ) Yes, it does.

Photographer: That's it. Hold it. ( Phone ringing )

Dinah: Harley Coop... I'm sorry, Dinah Marler's office. Hello? Hello? Hello? Well, this is going swimmingly, folks.

Mallet: I have no appointment.

Dinah: I was just thinking of you.

Mallet: I had a feeling you had no time to go out on your first day, so I hope it's okay that I...

Dinah: Is it okay?

Mallet: ...That I barged in.

Dinah: Are you kidding me? Is it okay? It's phenomenal. Thank you.

Mallet: Mm-hmm. Mm...

_

Jonathan: This is serious, Tammy, no joke. Sandy is dangerous. I'll do whatever I have to do to keep him away from you.

Tammy: There's a court order. Sandy can't come near me.

Jonathan: That paper's worthless and you know it.

Tammy: Maybe it will work.

Jonathan: You've seen the look in his eyes. This is not the same guy that you were going to marry. And we just let this happen?

Tammy: You need to let someone else deal with it, okay? You have to stay out of trouble.

Jonathan: You want me to sit back and watch?

Tammy: No, no, you wont.

Jonathan: No, I wont. And you've known for better or worse, this is me.

_

Billy: Reva, I can make you happy. I'm telling you, after all we've been through...

Reva: Oh, Billy...

Blake: No, no, look, nobody understands you better than me, and you understand me better than anybody else, and with me, it is unconditional.

Reva: I know that. I do, and that means everything to me, Billy. You mean everything to me. There's no friend in this world I value more.

Billy: Friend?

Reva: And that's all it can be, sweetie. You know that. You know I love you. I do, I love you to death, but not the way you want me to. That's just not in the cards for us anymore. And what I said to you at Cross Creek, I meant, that I realize where I belong, and it's with Josh.

Billy: ( Sighs ) Okay. But how many times are you going to beat your head against that wall?

Reva: Well, like you said, I have a hard head.

Billy: But what makes you think this time is going to be different?

Reva: I don't know, I really don't, but I'm just not ready to walk away forever.

Billy: Well, supposing Josh is?

Reva: Billy, you and I...

Billy: We're great together. And I'd be good for you now.

Reva: But I wouldn't be good for you. I mean, you understand that, right?

Billy: Yeah. But it doesn't mean I'm going to give up trying. And I really don't want you to give up on me. It wouldn't be good for me, not now.

Reva: Not ever. I will never, ever give up on you, Billy Lewis, not in this lifetime. I will always have your back.

Billy: Yeah, always.

Josh: Everything okay in there?

Billy: Yeah, she's fine. But check it out for yourself.

Josh: Well, thank you. I think I will.

Billy: Okay.

Josh: I'll see you later, Frank.

Frank: Yeah, see you, Josh.

Billy: All right, you want to talk to me?

Frank: Yeah, I do actually. I'd like to ask you a couple of questions about the crash.

Billy: Wait, why don't you just save your breath here, huh? I'm going to make this easy for you.

_

Reva: So what did Rick say?

Josh: Well, first, you get to fill out all of the paperwork, and then if you promise that you'll come in at least once a week for a check-up for the next few weeks, Rick will release you first thing in the morning.

Reva: Deal! Give me the pen. I can't wait to get back home to my own bed.

Josh: Yeah, there is one other thing to talk about, though. In fact, it has to do with you going home. Rick thinks, and I tend to agree with him, that you should not be alone right now.

Reva: Okay.

Josh: And your legs may be hurting, I guess, for a while, so it wouldn't be good for you to be going up and down the stairs at your house.

Reva: So what's the alternative?

Josh: Stay somewhere else.

Reva: Like?

Josh: With me.

_

Jonathan: Does it scare you when I talk like that?

Tammy: Yes. And no. I now you're just trying to protect me.

Jonathan: I will protect you.

Tammy: I just want you to stay out of trouble.

Jonathan: Tammy...

Tammy: But knowing that you're willing to do anything to protect me, it tells me everything I need to know about you and about us.

Jonathan: I won't let anybody mess with us.

Tammy: Shh.

Jonathan: Nobody.

_

Dinah: I don't understand why we work.

Mallet: To pay bills, honey.

Dinah: Uh-uh. ( Laughs )

Mallet: What?

Dinah: I mean, why do you and I work?

Mallet: Oh, um... because I have infinite patience.

Dinah: What I don't understand is that I never thought I could get here in life. I mean, ever since you've been a part of my life, my life has just been getting better and better and better, and I don't know if I can handle it.

Mallet: You could try joy.

Dinah: Well, yeah, but I think I'm afraid. I'm afraid, Mallet, if I just blow the whole thing up. I mean, it could just blow up tomorrow.

Mallet: Yeah, you're right, it could, true. And nobody knows that better than I do, but it hasn't happened yet, and I'm working really hard to make sure that it doesn't happen

Dinah: Me, too.

Mallet: One thing I know is that... you know, I don't know why we work. And I'm not asking. All I know is that I haven't felt this way about anybody in four... well, a really long time. So I'm just going to kind of give into it. So you're going to have to get used to cheap takeout, yesterday's flowers and donuts.

Dinah: Yeah, really bad singing in the shower, by the way.

Mallet: Oh, you'll get better, honey. It's not that bad.

Dinah: You're hired. ( Laughter ) Thanks for the donuts.

_

Blake: Are you sure you guys are going to be all right? Both of you, my gosh! ( Laughter ) I hate to run out on you like this.

Cassie: You've got to get moving or you're going to miss your plane.

Harley: Yeah, and how many weeks has it been since you actually saw Ross?

Blake: Oh, I got to go! Everybody promise that we're doing lunch once a week.

Harley: We promise, like we've been promising for the last five years. Now go. And send Ross our love, okay?

Blake: All right, I will. And bye, guys.

Harley: Bye.

Cassie: Bye.

Alan-Michael: Great. I go to the trouble of planting a bug, and, come on, give me something I can work with, something I can use to get under Dinah's skin.

Cassie: Why does it seem like every time we get together there's a whole new set of horrible problems?

Harley: Because there are.

Cassie: What? What is that?

Harley: It's a dry cleaning receipt for some of Gus' shirts. Why do I keep going to Mallet for comfort? I don't want to do it, you know. He's made a commitment to Dinah, I am still in love with Gus. Why can't I just keep it professional, you know? Why do I just keep making things worse?

Cassie: Honey, when you're with Mallet, what do you feel? How do you feel?

Harley: I feel good. I do. I'm okay. As a matter of fact, I think it's the only time that I am okay, when I'm with him. Maybe that is the reason I went back on the force, just so I could be around him. I don't know. I don't know...

Cassie: What?

Harley: I don't know. I feel... I feel okay when Mallet is around, that's all.

Cassie: Well, it makes perfect sense.

Harley: It does?

Cassie: Sure. I mean, having someone to turn to who knows you so well. Of course. But, you know, you have choices. You have me, you have Blake, you have your whole family. We are all here to help you if you just let us.

Harley: I know.

Cassie: You know what's great is that you see what is going on here, you know? That you see what's happening before it goes too far, before you and Mallet maybe would... oh, God, Harley.

Harley: Too late. It went a little too far. ( Whispers ): I slept with him. I slept with Mallet.

Alan-Michael: Well, what do you know?

_

Reva: You expect me to come home with you?

Josh: Listen, now...

Reva: No, no, no. No! No, this is that same ridiculous pattern, you thinking you have to take care of me.

Josh: No, Reva, listen. We'll get you a room at the Beacon-- not my room, okay?

Reva: ( Laughs )

Josh: And... and it'll be close to my room in case you need somebody to help you.

Reva: At the Beacon?

Josh: Doesn't it make some sense somehow?

Reva: With everybody else who lives at the Beacon?

Josh: Yes.

Reva: Oh, goody, can Olivia be my maid?

Josh: That's funny.

Reva: Uh-huh?

Josh: Yeah.

Reva: All right. All right, all right, but just for now.

Josh: Just for now.

_

Billy: Look, there's no need to go fishing here, Frank. I'm going to be responsible. See, I owe it to her.

Frank: Her, as in...?

Billy: Reva. I caused the accident, Frank. I had been drinking. I got behind the wheel that night, I had been drinking, I'm the one who's responsible. I guess you'd better just take me in.

_

Jonathan: I'm sorry.

Tammy: For what?

Jonathan: This whole day, this drama. It's your anniversary with your mom. I ruined it for you.

Tammy: Hey, I am right where I want to be.

Jonathan: Tammy...

Tammy: No regrets.

Jonathan: You've dreamed dreams your whole life, and I don't want you to give them up for me.

Tammy: Jonathan...

Jonathan: Look, it's not always going to be like this, I promise, okay? Us, it's not always going to be about having less. It's going to be about making your life better, and I can do that. I... I know I can. And I'm going to prove it to you.

Tammy: You don't have to.

Jonathan: I want to. And I'm going to show you that there's a lot more that I can give you. A lot more.

_

Mallet: All right. I've got to let the big boss lady get back to work.

Dinah: Uh, hang on. I hired you. Don't you want to hear what your job description is?

Mallet: Well, I haven't officially accepted the job, have I?

Dinah: I don't care. ( Clears throat ) Everybody needs a tour to see how things work around here.

Mallet: Uh-huh? Well, do these employees get any benefits?

Dinah: Yeah, everybody gets them if they're good.

Mallet: Oh, I'm good, Dinah. Trust me. Oh, look at that. Your desk is clear.

Dinah: Boss. I want you to call me boss.

Mallet: Yes, boss. Whatever you say.

_

Harley: It just happened. We didn't even know what we were doing. That's not true. We knew what we were doing, but I was crazy, I was so confused, and I was grieving Gus. And Mallet is my friend, you know? He's so sweet and he's so familiar to me.

Cassie: It's okay, you know? We all grieve in our own way. What you have to do now is you have to forgive yourself, okay? You have to forgive yourself and you have to move on. Put it behind you because Mallet is with Dinah now, and you are moving on with your life. Right?

Harley: Um... about the whole moving on thing...

Cassie: Oh, boy.

Alan-Michael: Come on. Keep going, keep going.

Harley: No, no, listen, we agreed that it would never happen again. That's what we agreed.

Cassie: Okay, and then what? Mallet did...

Harley: No, he came to me, and he needed to know if there was a chance for us.

Cassie: What do you mean, ever?

Harley: Yeah. Before he made a commitment to Dinah, he had to ask.

Cassie: And if you'd said yes...

Harley: He said he'd wait. He said he waited ten years and he would wait another ten.

Cassie: And what did you say?

Harley: I said no. "No," I said, "You have to move on. You have to be with Dinah." That's what I wanted. I mean, that's what... that's what I still want.

Cassie: Okay, then it's all taken care of, right? There's... there's nothing else to worry about, right?

Harley: Cassie, it wasn't exactly the right time to have that conversation.

Cassie: Well, why not?

Harley: Because... because I love Gus. You know? I will always love Gus. Nothing will ever stop that, but, you know, I've got to be a little honest with myself here. Road, way, way down the road...

Cassie: Yeah.

Harley: ...That, what if?

Cassie: What if?

Harley: But I can't, not with Mallet. You know, I made that decision a long time ago. Before there was even a chance at a second chance for us, and I have to stick to that.

Cassie: Can you, though?

Harley: Yes. I don't know. I don't know because every time we're in a room together, you know, there's this pull between us. And I'm always so vulnerable and needy, and all I do is look up and he... and he helps me. He's always there to help me. But I can't. I... I can't do it because Mallet's my past. He's my past, and I have to stick to that. And... and that's my final answer.

_

Next on "Guiding Light"...

Billy: Look, guilty people don't need lawyers, Frank. They just need somebody to apologize to.

Coop: You smell good.

Lizzie: About your date with Ava this evening, keep her busy all night.

Tammy: I thought we were going to spend the whole day together.

Jonathan: Well, after I do this thing, we'll be spending a lot of days together.





Reva: Did I mention how much I hate this?

Josh: Did I mention how much I don't really care? Welcome to the Beacon! You'll be staying here until you get better. 24-hour service, no stairs, and or course, me to wait on you hand and foot.

Reva: It's not like we haven't been through this a thousand times before, you thinking you need to take care of me when I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself.

Josh: Okay, okay. Don't abuse the privilege, please. Come on, sit down.

Reva: I'm fine.

Josh: Just let me help you, Reva.

Reva: I'm fine! Okay.

Josh: Okay. Easy. Are you okay?

Reva: Yeah. It's just all of the time I spent in that hospital bed.

Josh: Why don't we turn around and go back to Cedars...

Reva: No. Please, no more hospitals.

Josh: Okay.

Reva: Is Billy going to stop by later?

Billy: I caused the accident, Frank. I'd been drinking. I got behind the wheel that night; I had been drinking. I'm the one that's responsible. I guess you better just take me in.

Josh: Actually, I don't know about Billy. I haven't heard from him.

Man: Are you asleep?

Billy: ( Moans )

Man: Oh, hung over.

Billy: Yeah, don't I wish?

Frank: Billy, I need to talk to you, buddy. I just got the paperwork from the D.A. It says here that you're representing yourself at your own hearing? That's pretty stupid.

Billy: Yeah, well, thanks for the input.

Frank: Billy, I'm not talking to you as a chief of police; I'm saying it to you as a long-time friend. You need a lawyer and you need a good one.

Billy: Guilty people don't need lawyers, Frank; they just need somebody to apologize to.

Ava: Hey, did you get my message?

Coop: Yeah. A message about milk, right? It's in here.

Ava: What?

Coop: Wow.

Ava: What, is something wrong?

Coop: No, there's nothing wrong. You look good; you look great. So what... I mean, what's this attire? You trying to earn more tips here or what?

Ava: Yeah, so all it takes is a little hair and makeup and a new outfit, and... you should have told me sooner.

Coop: Okay. All right.

Ava: Yeah, you should have. Do you know where the coasters are?

Coop: Yeah, actually, Dad moved them; they're right over here. Let me grab them. You smell good.

Ava: I don't smell like pickles and hamburgers, as usual?

Coop: No, no, you don't smell like pickles and hamburgers. So what's the occasion?

Ava: Oh, I have a date with Brian, the customer.

Coop: Oh, okay.

Lizzie: Good for you. Get out there and go for it. Brian, hey, it's Lizzie Spaulding. How is Springfield's hunkiest escort? Great. Listen, about your date with Ava this evening, big bonus if you can keep her busy all night.

Jeffrey: Hi.

Cassie: Hi.

Jeffrey: They released Reva; Josh took her home-- well, to the Beacon.

Cassie: That's great news.

Jeffrey: Yeah.

Cassie: Thanks. I didn't know you were going to be here.

Jeffrey: How could you? We hardly ever talk to each other anymore. We're like two strangers living under the same roof.

Cassie: Jeffrey...

Jeffrey: I miss you.

Cassie: I know the feeling.

Jeffrey: Listen, I'm going to Farley's Bar; I'm going to be playing some songs. You want to come?

Cassie: You're writing again?

Jeffrey: Yeah.

Cassie: What about?

Jeffrey: Love and longing.

Jonathan: You know what life would be like if everybody saw me the way that you do?

Tammy: Boring?

Jonathan: Probably. I'd take my chances.

Tammy: Well, you make me happy, too. You see me for who I am, not who you think I should be.

Jonathan: Is that a good thing?

Tammy: Yeah, that's a good thing.

Jonathan: Would you still think so if I took off right now?

Tammy: Now?

Jonathan: I forgot, I have to do something.

Tammy: What?

Jonathan: Just something for you... us.

Tammy: I thought we were going to spend the whole day together.

Jonathan: Well, after I do this thing, we'll be spending a lot of days together. ( Yells out )

Tammy: Oh! ( Laughs )

( cell phone rings )

Ava: Hello.

Jonathan: Yeah, it's Jonathan. Don't let Tammy know that I'm talking to you.

Ava: Why not?

Jonathan: No questions. Get outside now! I need your help with something. And wipe that stupid look off your face. She's going to know that you're talking to me.

Ava: Jonathan, I don't have time for this. Jonathan! Jona...

Jonathan: Make time. I need your help.

Ava: I have a date.

Jonathan: Big deal.

Ava: You have a lot of nerve for a guy who's asking me for a favor.

Jonathan: Look, I'm planning something for Tammy, but we have to keep it a secret.

Lizzie: Tammy.

Tammy: Lizzie, hey. I got your e-mail. I need to come see your new place.

Lizzie: I have to say I've been rich, I've been poor, and rich is way more fun. ( Laughter ) Are you meeting Jonathan here?

Tammy: That was the plan. But he had to go somewhere all of a sudden.

Lizzie: Not that far. He's outside on the porch with Ava.

Tammy: He is? I thought that... oh.

Lizzie: Tammy, he's with Ava.

Tammy: So?

Lizzie: So, you can't trust her.

Tammy: I don't have to trust her; I trust Jonathan.

Lizzie: Wow, I guess you do. So then you're happy being with him? It's working out?

Tammy: Yes, it's working out.

Lizzie: You seem happy. It's just... I mean, isn't it tough? Practically your whole family is against you guys.

Tammy: Well, your family was against you and Coop, and that didn't stop you. Look how happy you guys are.

Lizzie: Yeah. Oh, Jonathan just left. And here's little Mary Sunshine, looking very guilty. I think they were plotting something.

Tammy: Would you stop? She works for him.

Lizzie: She works for Coop, too. It's a good cover. Did she or did she not hide that she was married to Sandy?

Tammy: I think you're making a big deal out of nothing. Jonathan just...

Lizzie: See, you are on to her, too.

Tammy: No, no, no. This has nothing to do with Ava. When Jonathan said good-bye to me just now, I got the feeing that he's up to something. It seemed like he needed to prove something to me.

Lizzie: Jonathan on a mission? Talk about scary.

Cassie: You haven't written a new song in a long time.

Jeffrey: Well, you know, I'm not a big happy song fan and up until recently, that's all I've had to write about is how perfect things have been, and now I guess I can explore the dark side.

Cassie: Well, then, I'm glad I can give you back your edge. You know, I still love you, Jeffrey. And I want to work this out.

Jeffrey: Well, it can't stay like this forever, you know.

Cassie: I know.

Jonathan: Hi. How's my mom?

Cassie: Oh, Jonathan. They released her. She went to the Beacon with Josh.

Jonathan: Okay. Cool. I'll check on her. Um, how are you guys? Everything okay?

Cassie: We're fine.

Jonathan: What are you doing tonight? Do you have any plans?

Cassie: Why?

Jonathan: Well, I wanted to invite you to something.

Lizzie: Well, what did he say?

Tammy: I can't remember exactly. It was something about "it doesn't matter if we spend this afternoon together because we'll be spending lots of days together in the future."

Lizzie: That is very interesting.

Billy: Look, Frank, all I want to do is just get this over with, okay? I mean, do my time, pay my fine, community service, whatever it is the judge says I have to do.

Frank: Yeah, but a DWI comes with stiff penalties. And, besides, you have a record, and someone was hurt.

Billy: Someone, yeah.

Frank: I think it's a hell of a thing you're doing, coming forward and taking responsibility for your actions, Billy.

Billy: Well, I almost killed Reva. I think it's time for me to be responsible.

Frank: Yeah, well, it still takes guts. Oh, good news: She's out of the hospital.

Billy: Reva went home?

Frank: Actually Josh took her to the Beacon with him. You know, who knows? Maybe this will bring them back together.

Josh: Anything else I can do for you, ma'am?

Reva: Gee, I don't know. I'd like to, but my doctor told me I shouldn't exert myself. ( Laughter )

Josh: So nice to know some things never change.

Reva: For the record, I know that the reason you're doing all of this is out of some sense of obligation.

Josh: You need to stop thinking now, rest.

Reva: Fine, but I want to call Billy. I want to check on him. Can you hand me the phone?

Josh: No, no, don't do that. Just call him later.

Reva: I just want to make sure he's okay. I wasn't the only one who was in the accident.

Josh: Yeah, Reva, I'm very much aware of that.

Reva: Did you tell him I'm here? Because if he calls the house and there is no answer, he is going to worry.

Josh: Reva, just don't worry about Billy now. Just, please, try to rest.

Reva: With the accident, it is the kind of thing that might tempt him to start drinking again. And he's been working so hard to stay sober, and I don't want him to take a slide backward.

Josh: Look, I'm telling you, just let it go, all right? You are not his wife.

Reva: Did he say anything to you?

Josh: About?

Reva: Me, him? What we were talking about before the accident?

Josh: About the fact he thinks he might be having some feelings for you?

Reva: Thinks?

Josh: I don't think that is any of my business.

Reva: No, I guess it's not. So, I'll just... if you could just get the phone?

Josh: No.

Reva: Fine, I'll get it myself.

Josh: No, you won't, Reva.

Reva: Joshua!

Josh: Okay, he can't be reached right now?

Reva: Why?

Josh: Because he's in jail!

Reva: What?

Josh: He's in jail; he's waiting for his arraignment, Reva. He's the reason that this happened to you, the reason you got hurt.

Reva: No. No, that's not true. It was an accident, Joshua. It was just an accident. There's got to be someone that can help us out here.

Josh: No, there's nothing you can do, Reva, and it was not just an accident, okay? Before Billy got behind the wheel of that car, he had been drinking. He was drunk.

Reva: Billy was drunk when... no, that can't be, because he'd never put my life in danger like that.

Josh: Reva, when I got to the scene of the accident, I pulled you out of the car and then I found a fifth of bourbon on the floor of the car. It was pretty much empty.

Reva: No, there's got to be some sort of a mistake.

Josh: It's not a mistake. I confronted Billy later on and he admitted to it.

Reva: No!

Josh: He was drunk.

Reva: No. If he was drunk, I would have known. Oh, my God, Billy. Are you drinking again?

Billy: ( Yells out )

Reva: Oh, my God, I remember. There was a bottle; it was on his seat in the car. --At his feet in the car. And I saw it and everything went black.

Josh: I wanted to let him tell you himself.

Reva: But if the police found the bottle, why didn't they arrest him right away?

Josh: Because the police didn't find the bottle. I did before they got there, and I hid it.

Reva: You protected him. But how did the cops know he was drunk? Did they test his blood at the site?

Josh: He told them.

Reva: He confessed? Why?

Josh: Actually, I think you know the answer to that.

Billy: Reva, I can make you happy. I'm telling you, after all we've been through...

Reva: Oh, Billy.

Billy: No, look. Nobody understands you better than me. You understand me better than anybody else. And with me, it is unconditional.

Reva: I know that, I do. You have to go down there. You have to go to the jail; you have to get him out. You have to make this better, Joshua. I mean, he can't be there. He shouldn't be alone. I know he made a slip, but... and I'm sure he regrets it, but you've got to do something.

Josh: Have you not heard a word I've said, Reva? He almost got you killed.

Reva: But I wasn't. I wasn't hurt.

Josh: You stopped breathing! If I had not come...

Reva: Okay, I know, but there was no harm done, okay?

Josh: Okay, I can't just walk into that police station and tell Frank he's got to let Billy go.

Reva: Yes. You can post his bail. You have to bring him back here, you have to. You're his brother; you have to do this, please.

Josh: Reva, Billy's doing what he feels is right. And for the first time in a long time I agree with him.

Reva: No. Billy can't feel like he has to pay for this or that he has to learn a lesson from this. Please. Please go down there and get him out. You have to. He'd do it for you.

Josh: No, he'd do it for you.

Reva: Just go.

Josh: Okay, all right, Reva, but I'm not going to tell him what to do. He's going to have to figure that out by himself.

Cassie: You want to invite us to something? What would that be?

Jeffrey: Like the headbanger's ball or a voo-doo celebration and we're the dolls?

Jonathan: ( Laughs ) You got any more?

Jeffrey: No, I'm done.

Jonathan: Good.

Cassie: Okay, what is this about, Jonathan?

Jonathan: Lighten up. It's a good thing. It's for Tammy. She'd like it. She's going to like it. She'd want you to be there; it would make her happy, which is what I care about. Fine, forget it. For the record, I tried. You know what? I'll try again when I get more information about tonight. Show up, support us or just support your daughter. Your choice.

Jeffrey: What was that about?

Cassie: I have no idea, but I think I'd better go check on Tammy.

Jeffrey: Yeah, okay. I've got to get back to work. So rain check?

Cassie: How about I call you later? I want to hear those songs.

Lizzie: Hey, you.

Coop: Hi.

Lizzie: So we talked about going to a movie together. How about tonight?

Coop: Tonight. Actually, I can't tonight. Ava is going to be out, so I've got to cover for her.

Lizzie: Oh, right, her big date. Who's she going with, do you know?

Coop: The guy she met in here the other day.

Lizzie: Wow, she doesn't waste any time.

Coop: He asked her out.

Lizzie: Okay. Whatever. They would make a nice couple, don't you think? He seemed nice, didn't he?

Coop: I guess.

Ava: Ooh, yum.

Tammy: Thanks.

Ava: Enjoy. Um, Tammy, can I ask you something?

Tammy: Yeah.

Ava: You're a size two, right?

Tammy: Yeah, why?

Ava: Oh, I'm just trying to bring in a little extra money, so I've started doing surveys for stores. Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?

Tammy: Okay.

Ava: Okay. Do you prefer strapless or not strapless?

Tammy: What's this for again?

Ava: A survey. Your idea of the most romantic vacation: Country inn or tropical resort?

Tammy: Wow, either.

Ava: If you had to choice one?

Tammy: I like country inns.

Lizzie: What store is this a survey for?

Ava: Oops, it looks like my order is in. Thanks.

Lizzie: That was weird, don't you think?

Coop: Hey, we have a floral delivery here for Tammy Winslow.

Tammy: Me?

Coop: That's what the guy said outside, so it's for you.

Tammy: Thanks. Wow, who did this? "More surprises on the way. Love, Jonathan."

Lizzie: Go Jonathan. I didn't know he had it in him.

Tammy: Oh, he's so romantic, but not usually the flower type. But I guess this is why he took off the way he did, to order these.

Lizzie: Wait a minute. What did he say to you right before he left? He said something about you guys spending a long time together. And then he was talking to Ava, and now she's asking about your dress size and where you want to go away to? Oh, my gosh! Tammy, that's it.

Tammy: That's what?

Lizzie: Wake up, girl. Jonathan is planning a wedding, your wedding.

Beth chamberlain, "Inside The Light."

Beth: If I could write a story, I would have her being Lorelei again. It was just too much fun. I came from a small town in Vermont, didn't know anybody in the business. Never knew anybody who had ever been in the business. Though it seemed like an impossible dream when I started out with this.

See Beth, Wednesday, March 8th, "Inside The Light."

Lizzie: Oh! Maybe we could recycle some stuff from your last wedding. I don't think anyone would notice. All they probably remember is that nightmare at the altar.

Tammy: Okay, hold on, hold on. Would you slow down? Because Jonathan is not going to... he's not...

Lizzie: Yes, he is!

Tammy: But we haven't even talked about marriage. I don't even think Jonathan is the marrying kind of guy.

Lizzie: Maybe he is now. What if he's going to whisk you away as soon as you say yes? To that country inn that Ava was talking about. Oh, my God! You guys could get married there.

Tammy: We don't even have a license.

Lizzie: Oh, details. Where is Ava? We've got to get her back here. We are going to put the screws to her until she cracks.

Tammy: I don't know where she went. Oh, what am I thinking? This is crazy. Would you stop? No, nuts.

Lizzie: Oh, I'm sorry. I mean, don't you want to marry Jonathan?

Tammy: No. Well, yes, of course. I just... I don't know.

Lizzie: You're worried about other people, and your mom is going to have a stroke when she hears, you know, because of the cousins thing.

Tammy: Well, the cousins thing freaks you out too, remember? Does that mean I'm going to have to find someone else to be my bridesmaid? ( Laughter )

Billy: How long have you been there?

Josh: Not long. You don't look too good.

Billy: Yeah, well... it's the food.

Josh: Are you sure it's not the fact that you need a drink?

Billy: Very astute. Any other brilliant observations?

Josh: I thought you might want to know that Reva is out of the hospital.

Billy: Yeah, I heard. Frank told me.

Josh: I also told her that you're here. I told her what happened.

Billy: Oh, God.

Josh: She was going to find out one way or the other, Billy.

Billy: Yeah, well, better sooner than later, huh?

Josh: You look disappointed. Did you think Reva was going to come running down here and bust you out of jail?

Billy: Look, Josh, I'm disappointed in me and me alone. Okay? If Reva wants to come down here, it's probably to tear my head off, and I'll take it because I deserve it.

Josh: Is that why you confessed, Billy? So Reva would feel sorry for you?

Billy: Is that what you think of me?

Josh: Honestly, I don't know what to think right now. Okay, I came down here to check on you and I've done that, so I guess I'll go, unless you need anything.

Billy: Ah, no thanks. George and I are going to play some cards. Right?

George: Sure. Are you okay?

Frank: Oh, good, Josh, I was going to call him. --Going to call you.

Jeffrey: Billy wants to represent himself at his hearing? Come on, Josh. You've got to be kidding me. You've got to get him a lawyer.

Josh: Yeah, yeah, first things first, Jeffrey. I want to post bail on my brother. I want him out of that jail cell right now.

Reva: Oh! Whoever it is, just chill! Hey!

Jonathan: Knock, knock. Time for your sponge bath.

Reva: How did you do that? That door was locked.

Jonathan: I have my ways. You don't want to know about them. Here. Just call me thoughtful.

Reva: So what floral arrangement in this hotel did you swipe this one from?

Jonathan: The one on this floor. So how's the old noggin?

Reva: It's not old, and it's fine when it's not spinning.

Jonathan: Perhaps a drink would help.

Reva: You're certainly in a festive mood. Whose feelings did you hurt today? ( Laughs )

Jonathan: I'm just happy to see my mom up out of that bed.

Reva: Uh-huh. What's the real reason?

Jonathan: I'm feeling good about me and Tammy, even though Cassie still hates me, even though Sandy's a ticking time bomb. It's different good, you know. I told Tammy something yesterday, something that I did-- but nothing bad, nothing real bad.

Reva: You sure know how to reassure a girl.

Jonathan: ( Laughs ) I thought she was going to freak out about it, and she was totally cool about it.

Reva: Well, because she loves you.

Jonathan: It's not just that, ma. She has always loved me, but I used to feel like she wanted me to fit into a mold, but now she just accepts me for who I am.

Reva: You can't beat that.

Jonathan: No. I used to wake up every morning feeling that I was going to wreck this, the best thing that ever happened to me and then I was going to regret it for the rest of my life.

Reva: I know the feeling.

Jonathan: But I don't feel like that anymore. I feel...

Reva: ( Laughs )

Jonathan: I can't believe I'm going to say this. I feel happy.

Reva: I don't believe you. That's good. I'm glad. I'm glad for you, I am. At least one of us is getting it right. Oh!

Tammy: Okay, stop doing this to me, because there's no wedding.

Lizzie: I am so impressed with Jonathan. He really goes after what he wants. He didn't waste any time with the proposal or the planning that usually has to... he is going to surprise you with an actual wedding. I mean, that explains the dress and then pumping you for where you want to go on your honeymoon.

Tammy: No, I don't think he would do it. I mean, it takes so much to set up, and on such short notice.

Lizzie: I know. You'd want your family there, and they probably wouldn't show up, especially not your mom.

Cassie: Tammy?

Tammy: Hi, Mom.

Cassie: Jeffrey and I just had the strangest conversation with Jonathan. Do you have any idea what he would be inviting us to tonight?

Josh: Look, Frank, Billy feels bad about the fact that Reva was hurt.

Frank: Well, you know what? He should because he was driving drunk.

Josh: Are you sure about that? Because if I recall correctly, nobody bothered to test him at the crash site.

Frank: Oh, come on, Josh.

Jeffrey: Billy confessed. He told us, Josh.

Josh: I know that, Jeffrey. He told me, too, but I'm not so sure that he remembers exactly what happened. Now in the meantime, I would like to post bail on my brother, if you don't mind.

Frank: I know he's your brother, but I've known him for a very long time, and I honestly believe that he's telling me the truth.

Josh: Well, yeah, but, Frank, the judge is going to want a whole lot more than that, don't you think? Am I right about this, Jeffrey, or not? Do you have a breathalyzer test somewhere that I don't know about, that will prove Billy is telling the truth? Do you have a... what do they call it, a tox screen?

Frank: I don't need it. He gave me a confession.

Josh: Yeah, but, Frank, think about it. What's going to happen when Billy wakes up out of this guilty haze that he's in? He's going to recant, don't you think? When he starts to realize that he's going to spend some real jail time, he'll recant-- and that's exactly what he should do-- and then what are they going to have to prosecute him with? Nothing. Whose fault is that going to be?

Jeffrey: You seem awfully sure that Billy wasn't drunk that night, Josh.

Josh: I was there, Jeffrey. As far as I'm concerned, he was sober, and I would be willing to testify about that in court if that's what I have to do.

Frank: Billy! You're going home, my friend.

Billy: I'm what?

Frank: Your brother's posting your bail.

Billy: What's going on here?

Frank: Well, it looks like you're going to be sleeping in your own bed tonight.

Billy: What are you doing?

Reva: Ooh, honey, I'm happy for you, I am. I mean, a lot of people want what you and Tammy have, and some people get it, but then they screw it up.

Jonathan: You think that's what I'm going to do?

Reva: I didn't say that.

Jonathan: No, you didn't have to.

Reva: Hey, come here. Listen to me. I'm glad that Tammy accepts you for who you are. I am, but that doesn't mean that you should stop trying to be a better person, stop trying to be happy.

Jonathan: I love it when you play mom.

Reva: ( Laughs )

Jonathan: So... how are things with you and Josh, girl? He was by your bed 24/7 at the hospital. Now you're here under his tender loving care. It's good right. Huh? ( Laughs )

Reva: I don't know.

Jonathan: Well, let me phrase it another way. If I was to invite you to something, would I invite you as a couple or just you?

Reva: Invite us to what?

Jonathan: Just something tonight.

Reva: ( Laughs ) Something, what?

Jonathan: It's a surprise. It's a celebration.

Reva: A celebration of what?

Jonathan: Just show up, and you'll find out. ( Laughter )

Lizzie: I will be right over here if you need me.

Cassie: Okay, what's going on? Jonathan's acting all strange; now I'm getting a weird feeling from you. Well, those are beautiful.

Tammy: Jonathan sent me these. See? That's exactly what I'm talking about, about how much Jonathan's trying, you know, how much he loves me.

Cassie: Honey, you know, buying a girl flowers is easy. Being the guy that deserves that girl, now, that's a different story.

Tammy: You see how happy he makes me. You must.

Cassie: Yeah, I see it. I just... I wonder how long it will last.

Tammy: Maybe forever. And what if that were to be the case? I mean, what if Jonathan and I were together forever? You would have to accept him eventually, right? You wouldn't just turn your back on me. What if we had kids?

Cassie: Kids? God. Why are you asking me this?

Tammy: Because I want to know.

Cassie: Okay, but why? Why right now? What's going on?

Tammy: Nothing.

Cassie: Honey, are you trying to tell me something?

Tammy: Sort of, yeah.

Cassie: God, honey, you're not...? Oh... okay, well, you know, if you're in trouble, we'll... we'll figure something out. We'll go over the options and we'll...

Tammy: Wait. You think I'm pregnant?

Cassie: You're not?

Tammy: I can't even believe you would jump to that conclusion.

Cassie: Oh, God! Can you blame me? You're living together, and you're acting crazy...

Tammy: Mom, Jonathan and I haven't even made love yet-- not since when he first came to town.

Cassie: You haven't?

Tammy: No, and that is all I'm going to say on the subject. I can't even believe we're having this conversation.

Cassie: Oh! I'm sorry. I'm really proud of you. Well, but if that's not what you were gearing up to tell me, then what is it?

Tammy: It's about Jonathans invitation. Will you come, Mom? Will you come to my wedding?

Billy: You come down here to bust my chops and now you're going to be the big hero?

Josh: Reva asked me to get you out of this mess, and that's what I'm doing, Billy.

Billy: She knows I was drinking, and she's not mad?

Josh: Yeah, go figure.

Billy: She's just feeling sorry for me; that's all, Josh.

Josh: She feels something for you; that's for sure, Billy. She loves you. Now, I don't know if it's in the way you want her to, and that's not my business. What is my business is this: You get out of this mess and you hurt her again, you'll wish you never got out of this jail cell.

Reva: What's going on? Talk to Mommy.

Jonathan: Okay, how about this?

Reva: Hey.

Jonathan: You come with me right now. You help me make the arrangements.

Reva: For?

Jonathan: The surprise.

Reva: Oh! You love driving me crazy. You do. Okay, we'll have it your way. We'll do it your way. I'll come with you because then I can find out what it's for. ( Laughter ) Oh, maybe not. Ooh. Ooh...

Jonathan: Are you okay?

Reva: Yeah.

Jonathan: You want me to get the doctor?

Reva: No, no, no, no, no. But I think I'll stay here. I'd love to come with you but I'm going to stay and rest so that I'm ready for the big event, whatever it is. Okay?

Jonathan: Okay, I'll give you a hint. It's for Tammy.

Reva: ( Gasps ) Tammy! What a shock!

Jonathan: Yeah. I want to show her and show everyone, prove to them, how much she means to me.

Reva: You don't have to prove that to anyone. It's written all over your face. Now go on. Get out of here. Jonathan, you keep smiling like that, your face is going to freeze that way. ( Laughs )

Cassie: Your wedding?

Tammy: Jonathan's going to propose to me tonight, and I'm going to say yes.

Cassie: No, no, honey. You're not. You've got to think this through.

Tammy: There's nothing to think about. I love him.

Cassie: You think you love him, but, baby, but you're so young, and marriage is a huge commitment.

Tammy: Funny. You didn't say that to me when I told you that I was going to marry Sandy.

Cassie: Yeah, I did.

Tammy: But when I assured you I was ready and I knew what I was doing, you were happy for me. Be happy for me now.

Cassie: Well, baby, that's a perfect example, because Sandy was wrong for you then, and Jonathan is wrong for you now. Don't you remember what he did to you and how devastated you were?

Tammy: If I could get past that then why can't you? I mean, really, Mom. If I can let it go, why can't you let it go?

Cassie: Because I love you. And I don't want you to see you full of all that pain again.

Tammy: Well, now. You see me now, full of joy and feeling more love than I've ever felt in my whole life, and loving Jonathan back.

Cassie: Baby, sometimes love is not enough.

Tammy: What else is there?

Cassie: Sweetie, do you have any idea that you deserve so much more than Jonathan can ever give you?

Tammy: Okay, look, Mom, we keep having the same conversation and it keeps coming back to the same place, so accept Jonathan or don't; that's your choice. But I really hope that you do accept him, because if I have to choose between you and Jonathan, I'll choose my husband. I will.

Next on "Guiding Light"...

Vanessa: Boy, I hope you're not buying that.

Dinah: Buying what?

Vanessa: Alan-Michael. He's a wolf in sheep's clothing if I ever saw one.

Jonathan: If tonight goes the way it's supposed to go, then it's going to change everything.

Harley: I'm starting to need you, and it scares me to death.




Cassie: Honey, you deserve so much more than Jonathan could ever give you.

Tammy: Look, Mom, we keep having the same conversation and it always comes back to the same place, so... accept Jonathan or don't. That is your choice. But I do hope that you will accept him, Mom, because if I have to choose between you and Jonathan, I'll choose my husband. I will. I don't want to have to choose, I really don't, Mom, but...

Cassie: But you would. You would choice to marry him even if it meant losing me?

Tammy: It doesn't have to be like this, if you would just be happy for me.

Cassie: Honey, from the day you were born, I have fought to give you a better life than I had. Every lousy job, every humiliating thing I did because I want you to be happy.

Tammy: I am happy. Happier than ever. And even you can't take that away from me.

_

Ava: Now what, boss? Now that I've already missed my date.

Jonathan: I need you to deliver this to Tammy for me.

Ava: Ooh, what is this?

Jonathan: It's a note that tells her where to meet me later.

Ava: And where would that be?

Jonathan: No. ( Laughter ) You know enough already.

Ava: You're so secretive about this. It must be a really big deal.

Jonathan: Well, let me put it to you like this... if tonight goes the way it's supposed to go, then it's going to change everything.

_

Jeffrey: Hey. I got your message. Look, if you want to contest the restraining order...

Sandy: Does it look like I'm contesting the restraining order? Look, I just wanted you to know that I was leaving Springfield.

Jeffrey: Just like that?

Sandy: You make it sound like it was an easy decision. It wasn't, but it's the right thing to do.

Jeffrey: Well excuse me for being a little skeptical, but what gave you this sudden epiphany?

Sandy: Tammy's gone. Nothing I can do to save her now. She's with Jonathan and I need my own life, free of the two of them, so... good-bye, Jeffrey, and thanks for everything, including the restraining order.

_

Alan-Michael: Dinah. Dinah, Dinah. What would you do if you knew Harley was sleeping with your boyfriend?

_

Dinah: Mom, thank you so much. You don't mind taking a look at the projections for me?

Vanessa: Oh, no. Not a bit, although from what you said on the phone, you have a really good handle on it already.

Dinah: Yeah, well I talk a good game.

Vanessa: Dinah, you do a lot more than that. This is all in your blood. Thanks to Grandpa Henry. ( Laughter )

Dinah: I do, I feel like I'm, you know, making him proud.

Vanessa: You are, darling, you are. And you're making me so proud, the way you've turned your life around. It's wonderful.

Dinah: Well, thank you. Well, it's because of your support and the amazing friend I have had in Harley. It's unbelievable.

Vanessa: And the love of a good man.

Dinah: ( Clears throat )

_

Harley: Why do you do that? Why do you leave the door open so anybody can walk in?

Mallet: It's my little gift to the housekeeping staff.

Harley: Well, get over yourself. I've been waiting downstairs for like 15 minutes.

Mallet: Oh, sorry.

Harley: I have a cell phone; you could've called.

Mallet: Why? You're usually the one who's late.

Harley: Regardless. You know, we made a huge mistake here.

Mallet: Oh, boy. I know. I don't even... I don't even want to go over it again.

Harley: No, I'm not talking about that; I'm talking about this. Us being partners. It's not working. I'm ending it now.

Mallet: Why?

Harley: Because. Because, because... because I'm starting to need you and it scares me to death. I don't mean I need you, okay? What I was saying was that I need the job. You know, it's a lifeline for me and it could become an obsession.

Mallet: Well, wasn't that the point?

Harley: No. I mean sort of. I mean it's unhealthy. This whole thing, all of it is just unhealthy.

Mallet: I think it was your idea to be my partner, wasn't it?

Harley: Yeah, but you hated it in the beginning.

Mallet: Well, yeah, I had my reservations, sure.

Harley: You said it was a disaster waiting to happen?

Mallet: Oh, wow, did I say that? That's kind of harsh. I'm sorry.

Harley: No, I'm sorry. And see, I'm letting you off the hook. So I'll talk to Frank this afternoon?

Mallet: No, don't bother.

Harley: You'll talk to Frank?

Mallet: No, neither one of us is going to talk to Frank because I'm fine with the way things are.

Harley: Oh, this is all working for you, is it?

Mallet: Well, it's working for you. You just can't see it, yet. So just relax and, you know what? Just chill out.

Harley: Don't tell me to chill... you are not listening to me.

Mallet: I'm listening.

Harley: And I hate it when you tell me how I feel.

Mallet: Well I hate it when you get overemotional and you don't think things through, okay. We are a good team together.

Harley: I didn't say that we didn't work well together. I'm saying this doesn't work well-- this-- this gets weird sometimes!

Mallet: Well, so what? I mean I'm still kind of the glue that holds you together nowadays.

Harley: Not good. Modesty was never one of your strong points.

Mallet: Listen, we've set boundaries, okay? We set our limits. What happened, you know, is not going to happen again. We're not going to have any more slip-ups, okay? So if being my partner at the moment is good for you...

Harley: It's not.

Mallet: You know, you were upset when you found Gus' dry-cleaning receipt. You were upset on Gus birthday. That's understandable. And I was there both times and I think you hate me for that. I think you hate when you need someone. No, actually, more than that, I think you hate to admit that you need someone. And I think that's the problem, really. I think that's really the issue here. And you think getting rid of me as your partner is going to make all of that go away and you're wrong. I'm here to tell you that you're wrong. That's what is going on. So get that out of your head. Because I'm not going anywhere.

_

Dinah: Hello. Is seat-warming a part of your duties nowadays?

Alan-Michael: I'm good at it, ask anybody. Vanessa, it's good to see you.

Vanessa: It's very good to see you, Alan-Michael. I was so sorry to hear about you and Lucy, that it didn't work out.

Alan-Michael: Oh, thanks. So what do you think of your daughter? She really has made quite a name for herself here at Spaulding. Did you ever think she would be following in your footsteps? ( Laughter )

Vanessa: Well, I don't know, but I do know that I am very, very proud of her and she's going to be extraordinary.

Alan-Michael: That's what I keep telling her.

Dinah: Okay. All right. Enough sucking up. Did I get any messages?

Alan-Michael: I don't know, but there's a report on your desk. Teddy Farkas needs your signature.

Dinah: Teddy Farkas?

Alan-Michael: Oh, he's the new president of Mrs. Sullivan's cookies. Harley gave him the green light a couple of weeks ago.

Dinah: Oh, okay. Very good. I'll take a look at it. Thanks.

Alan-Michael: If you have any questions, just give me a buzz.

Dinah: Will do.

Alan-Michael: And nice to see you, Vanessa.

Vanessa: Yes.

Alan-Michael: How long are you in town for?

Vanessa: Oh, just a day or two.

Alan-Michael: Well, enjoy. Make sure she doesn't work too hard. ( Laughs ) You two should go out on the town tonight. She does have an expense account here, you know.

Vanessa: ( Laughs ) ( sighs ) Boy, I hope you're not buying that.

Dinah: Buying what?

Vanessa: Alan-Michael. He's a wolf in sheep's clothing if I ever saw one.

_

Alan-Michael: Right, let's see what we can do to start this fire.

_

Sandy: Could you do me one last favor? Could you tell Tammy all I ever wanted was for her to be happy, and that I wish her the best.

Jeffrey: Hey. Good luck.

_

Ava: Do you think that people know what a softie you are?

Jonathan: Just give that note to Tammy, okay?

Ava: You know, if you shared a little bit of that softer side with other people besides Tammy, maybe we wouldn't think you were the devil incarnate.

Jonathan: People?

Ava: People like, ooh, Tammy's mom.

Jonathan: I'm trying here.

Ava: I know. I know you're trying and it's romantic and it's cute...

Jonathan: Okay, that's enough.

Ava: Fine, all right. Your secret is safe with me. You're a tough guy, you're a bad boy, blah, blah, blah. But I do have to say one thing: You give a girl hope.

Jonathan: Me?

Ava: Yeah, you. As a loser in love to a reformed loser in love, you hung in there. You fought and you won.

Jonathan: It's nothing special. Okay. ( Laughter ) Tammy was worth it. Get out of here. Get out of here.

_

Cassie: Do you seriously think I don't want you to be happy?

Tammy: I'm starting to think so, yeah.

Cassie: Well, you're wrong, honey. You couldn't be more wrong.

Tammy: Fine, prove it. Come to my wedding and support me and Jonathan.

Cassie: How? Honey, you are jumping into this wedding like you're going to the movies. You're been dating two months and you're talking about marriage?

Tammy: I'm talking about the man that I want to spend the rest of my life with.

Cassie: I'm sorry, it's crazy. You don't know him, not well enough.

Tammy: You don't know him.

Cassie: What are you looking at? If you marry Jonathan, this is going to be your life.

Tammy: In this town? Are you kidding me?

Cassie: You can joke about it all you want. But the staring and the whispering, it won't stop. You're going to have to get used to it.

Tammy: People can whisper and stare all they want to. I'm going to live my life how I want.

Cassie: Well, good luck.

Tammy: Why do you care so much about other people think?

Cassie: Because I have been where you are right now. Honey, I have been the butt of people's jokes. Hell, I was on the cover of the "National Inquisiter." Do you think it's fun? How about you wait six months and then tell me how you feel about it? Because it's not fun. It's not easy and it's painful. And I will do whatever it takes to keep you from that pain.

Tammy: You just want to keep me from Jonathan.

Cassie: You're not even listening to me. I just want you to stop and think about what you're doing.

Tammy: When I was getting ready to marry Sandy, all I did was think-- that was the problem. What I should have been doing was feeling. You know, maybe if I had, things wouldn't be so screwed up now.

Cassie: I cannot let it happen.

Tammy: I'm getting married, Mom. There's nothing you can do to stop me.

Marina: Really? I'm not so sure about that.

Tammy: What is this, Marina?

Marina: You and Jonathan are getting married?

Tammy: I think he's throwing a surprise party tonight. --A surprise wedding tonight.

Marina: Wow. And this is what you want?

Cassie: Marina, you know this is wrong, don't you?

Tammy: Marina, I did not expect this from you. What are you going to do, handcuff me to my mom so I can't go?

Marina: You know, I might if I thought it would bring you two back together.

Cassie: I just want to stop her from making the biggest mistake of her life.

Marina: Tammy, isn't this just a little fast?

Tammy: No. No. I love him, and I can't imagine life without him. And, yes, I know it will always be tough and messy, but I'm okay with that. That's what makes it mean so much.

Cassie: This would be a good chance for you to be a really good friend, Marina.

Tammy: What, by locking me up?

Cassie: We just... she's caught up in the moment. We just have to stop for one night.

Tammy: I'm leaving. Are you going to stop me?

Marina: I think this would be a good time for me to step in. Let's have a talk. Tammy, good luck. Call me if you need a bridesmaid.

Tammy: Thank you.

Cassie: What?

Tammy: Be happy for me.

Cassie: Tammy.

Marina: Cassie.

Cassie: You have got to be kidding. Tammy!

Marina: Just talk.

_

Tammy: Oh, hey, Kirby.

Kirby: I'm glad I found you, Tammy.

Tammy: Me?

Kirby: Special delivery from Jonathan.

Tammy: Thanks.

_

Jonathan: You're not going to an execution. You're going to get the best girl and the world, so just tie the tie.

_

Dinah: Now, Mom, do you think he's after my job? I don't think so. Alan-Michael doesn't even want to be here.

Vanessa: Then why is he here?

Dinah: To help out Harley, just like I am.

Vanessa: Oh, come on. Don't be naive. Now, you're thinking about the boy who parachuted into the fourth of July celebration, but he is all grown up and he is all Spaulding.

Dinah: Mom, look, I know that you are looking out for me.

Vanessa: That's right. And don't you dismiss me so quickly.

Dinah: I'm not dismissing you. I'm just saying I'm not going to be paranoid; I'm not going to live in fear, all right? You, of all people, should know where that leads.

Vanessa: Sweetheart, you're not going to go back to that place. You're not. Don't be frightened of it. Anyway, how are things going with you and Mallet?

Dinah: Very well. I don't want to jinx it by gushing.

Vanessa: Come on, a little gushing never hurt anybody.

Dinah: It's weird.

Vanessa: What? I want some details-- g-rated. G-rated details.

Dinah: Mom. Okay, look, we're fine, okay? He accepts me for who I am and he still wants me.

Vanessa: Of course he does. That's what it's all about.

Dinah: Yeah, so you've been telling me all these years.

Vanessa: Do you believe me now?

Dinah: Maybe, but I don't want to blow it. I don't want to blow any of it.

Vanessa: You're not going to. You just keep a level head on your shoulders and you'll be fine.

Dinah: Okay. I even encouraged him to partner back up with Harley.

Vanessa: You did what?

Dinah: You heard me. I figured if he could believe in me, the least I could do was believe in him.

_

Harley: Well, I don't know which is worse, me needing you, or you needing to be needed by me.

Mallet: This is so not about me.

Harley: Oh, please. Yeah, you don't want to lose me as your partner.

Mallet: No, not really, I dont. ( Cell phone rings )

Mallet: Hmmm. Mallet.

Alan-Michael: Mallet, Alan-Michael Spaulding. I got your number out of Dinah's address book.

Mallet: Well, Alan-Michael rummaging through my girlfriend's purse. How's it going?

Alan-Michael: Yeah, I just got a call from the manager of the bed and breakfast down by Clayton...

Mallet: Yeah, okay.

Alan-Michael: Yeah, he told me one of his guests found a letter by the shore.

Mallet: What kind of letter?

Alan-Michael: A letter from Gus. I have a feeling the guy smelled Spaulding and called me looking for some kind of payday. I have no idea if it's real or not.

Mallet: Okay. What did you tell him?

Alan-Michael: I told him I'd get back to him. But I thought you might want to look into it. And I figured you'd want to tell Harley.

Mallet: Yeah, absolutely. She's right here.

Alan-Michael: Good. It's Foxwood Lodge out on Route 15.

Mallet: Foxwood Lodge, Route 15. Okay, got it. Thank you, Alan-Michael. Thanks.

Alan-Michael: Let me know if I can do anything. You know what to do.

Harley: A note from Gus.

Mallet: Yeah.

Harley: What does it say?

Mallet: I don't know.

Harley: When was it written? I don't understand.

Mallet: I don't know. We'll go and find out. And when we do, I'm going to be there for you, okay? Let's go find out. Come on.

_

Jeffrey: Yeah, do you see Sandy Foster on the flight? You're positive? Okay, great. Yeah. I owe you one. You got it. Next time I'm in D.C. Okay, got to go. Bye. Cassie?

Cassie: I've lost my little girl, Jeffrey. I've lost her.

_

Tammy: Jonathan, I got your note!

_

Beth Chamberlain, "Inside The Light."

I realized that I wasn't just on a tv show, I was actually part of a family tradition, and that really made me feel special. To the fans, thank you. Thank you for letting me come into your home and be a part of your family.

See Beth Wednesday, March 8th, "Inside The Light.

_

Cassie: They're getting married.

Jeffrey: Tammy told you that?

Cassie: She guessed it. Jonathan is sending her all kinds of hints, I guess you'd call them...

Jeffrey: Hints?

Cassie: You heard him earlier. He says this thing tonight is all about their future together. And what else can it be?

Jeffrey: I don't know. Maybe he's buying her a house.

Cassie: Yeah, so he can burn it down again.

Jeffrey: But the point is, darling, we're not going to know anything until we get there.

Cassie: I know. And it's my worst nightmare ever. There has got to be a way to stop this before it is too late.

Jeffrey: Did you ever think that, you know, that maybe... maybe Tammy and Jonathan might have a chance to make it?

Cassie: I can't even believe you would even say that.

Jeffrey: You know, Sandy is leaving town. He told me so himself, and I checked it out. His flight leaves at 7:30.

Cassie: Yeah, so what does that have to do with Tammy and Jonathan?

Jeffrey: Well, maybe with Sandy out of the picture, Jonathan won't have to worry about looking over his shoulder all the time and he can, you know, concentrate on what's good for Tammy.

Cassie: Well, I don't want him to concentrate on Tammy! And maybe Sandy has given up, but I sure as hell haven't. I'm never going to accept that...

Jeffrey: Accept what? Accept what, huh? Accept that love can't change someone?

_

Tammy: It's beautiful. It's perfect. Oh, how did you know?

Do you love me with the lights on you when the lights are on

let the world see let our love be shown

and if everyone is watching us let them watch...

_

Cassie: I thought we were talking about Jonathan.

Jeffrey: Well, we are, and we aren't. I can't help but believe that some of this rage and frustration isn't directed at me.

Cassie: You know what? Jeffrey, let's not do this right now.

Jeffrey: No, no, no. Let's do it right now, okay? Because I can't take it. We cannot stay in this limbo. Okay? We're together, we're not together, pretending...

Cassie: You don't want to do this.

Jeffrey: I do want to do it. Listen, I'm a big boy. So just... just tell me, okay? Whatever it is, just please tell me. Tell me what you're feeling, okay? Don't hold back.

Cassie: You want me to tell what I'm feeling?

Jeffrey: Yes. Yes, please.

Cassie: What I'm feeling is I want to be safe! My God, Jeffrey, for once in my life I want to feel safe, and I want my daughter to be safe. That's all that matters. Because I'll tell you one thing, love doesn't matter. Love doesn't last and it's all a bunch of lies.

Jeffrey: You don't believe that.

Cassie: I do.

Jeffrey: You don't believe that, and I can prove it to you.

Let the world see let our love be shown and if everyone is watching us

let them watch let them talk

just believe what we need is what we are...

_

Vanessa: Darling, I commend you for your grownup attitude.

Dinah: But what?

Vanessa: Well, it's just that A.C. was married to Harley.

Dinah: Okay, Mom, you're sounding an awful lot like Blake right now.

Vanessa: Well, I meant that it's natural that they would have feelings for each other, and if they're spending a lot of time together, I...

Dinah: Okay, you're not... ( laughs ) You're not doing a lot for my big grownup new attitude or my paranoia.

Vanessa: Well, I just... I don't know, I just want you to be aware. That's all.

Dinah: I will. I will.

Vanessa: Good. Um... I guess... I guess I owe you an apology. I do. I um... I want to give you 100% support and you deserve it, and I don't want to raise any doubts.

Dinah: Accepted. You're just being my overprotective mommy.

Vanessa: ( Laughs ) Oh, I am because I love you.

Dinah: I love you, too.

Alan-Michael: Sorry.

Vanessa: Oh, don't be. I've got to leave, and... you have a lot of wonderful work to do.

Dinah: Yes. Bye, Mom.

Vanessa: Bye-bye.

Alan-Michael: Sorry to interrupt.

Dinah: It's all right. Your report, I have to go ahead and sign it, don't I?

Alan-Michael: Oh, don't worry. I was wondering, have you heard from Mallet recently?

_

Mallet: You're saying one of your guests found it?

Man: Down by the dock.

Mallet: This morning?

Man: Yes, I called Spaulding Enterprises when I saw the name.

Mallet: Harley, is this Gus' handwriting?

Harley: It's shaky, but it's his.

Mallet: He must have written it after the crash.

Harley: And stuck it in that plastic bag at some point.

Mallet: It's okay. It's going to be okay. I'm here. Do you think we could get a few minutes here, please? Thank you.

Harley: I've been hoping and praying for one last word from him, and now that I have it, it terrifies me to read it. (Cell phone rings ) You should get that. ( Cell phone rings )

Mallet: You... you need to read that. Gus wrote it for you. Do you want me to read it to you?

Harley: No. "My Harley, my wife, I'm sorry. It doesn't look like I'm going to make it back to you. But I am okay. I want you to be. Don't stop your life for me. I want you to find love again. Be happy. I love you forever. Gus." My God, it's so final.

_

Dinah: Why are you asking about Mallet?

Alan-Michael: Oh, I got a call earlier, a lead on Gus maybe, so I called Mallet with it, and he said he would check it out. I'm just wondering if you heard anything?

Dinah: Nothing. Does Harley know about this?

Alan-Michael: I don't know. I left it up to Mallet to decide whether or not to tell her.

Dinah: What is the lead?

Alan-Michael: Oh, a note a guest at an inn down at the lake found.

Dinah: An inn?

Alan-Michael: Yeah. Foxwood Lodge, I think that's it. This looks great. Well, if you don't need anything else?

Dinah: No, thank you.

Alan-Michael: Okay.

_

Jeffrey: I've been impersonating Richard. We made love. I slept with you. We made love. We made love.

Cassie: No, no. I'm sorry, I can't.

_

Tammy: The groom doesn't have to get the bride a present. "Tear me up." Gladly. That wedding was never meant to be. It's about time.

_

Jeffrey: Cassie...

Cassie: I'm sorry. I cant.

Jeffrey: It's okay. Is it Tammy?

Cassie: No.

Jeffrey: It's us. You can't forget about that night in San Cristobel.

Cassie: I want to, Jeffrey. I tried. I'm trying. But I... I can't forget that you took Richard's place, and I can't pretend that it doesn't matter to me because it does.

_

Tammy: I got your note and the flowers, and this is beautiful. It's perfect.

Sandy: Yes, it is.

_

Jonathan: Tammy. Tammy? Where the hell are you?

_

Alan-Michael: Marina...

Marina: Hey.

Alan-Michael: What are you doing here?

Marina: You know, I'm sorry to interrupt. Actually, I'm not. I'm not sorry if I was interrupting anything. I just wanted to see you.

Alan-Michael: Yeah?

Marina: Yeah.

Alan-Michael: Wow. You really did want to see me.

Marina: Yeah. Well, I was reminded today of what it is to have passion in your life.

Alan-Michael: Passion, huh?

Marina: Yeah. Why? Does that sound silly?

Alan-Michael: Works for me.

Marina: Good. Because I think it is pretty incredible to have someone in your life who would give anything in the world to be with you.

Alan-Michael: Yeah.

_

Dinah: Foxwood Lodge, please. Hi, good evening. I'm looking for a Detective Mallet. Could you tell me if he's there, please?

Man: He is.

Dinah: Very good. May I speak to him?

Man: Well, he and his partner are behind closed doors.

Dinah: Well... don't disturb them. Thank you.

_

Mallet: ( Sighs ) What's going on inside that head of yours?

Harley: I'm not sure.

Mallet: Do you want to talk to me about it?

Harley: How can he expect me to love again?

Mallet: I think what he meant was... you know, later. You know, when you've had some time.

Harley: I know what he meant. I just... I couldn't be with somebody else, not ever.

Mallet: I guess it seems like that now.

Harley: Ever.

Mallet: Hey. Hey, hey, hey. Everybody needs a little love, you know? There's no getting around that one. I think what Gus meant was that you've got a long life in front of you. You have. You've got a lot of love to give. And I don't think Gus would want you to settle for less, okay? And I don't want you to settle for less.

_

Next on "Guiding Light"...

Jeffrey: If we don't deal with this, there is no place for us to go.

Jonathan: I know Tammy. If she got the note, she would have been here. So what the hell happened?

Sandy: Nice. Oh, now, that's a beautiful couple. Look at that.

Dinah: I'm sorry. Maybe I wasn't clear. I trust Mallet, so there's no issue.




Jeffrey: Cassie.

Cassie: Sorry, I can't.

Jeffrey: Is it Tammy?

Cassie: No.

Jeffrey: Of course not. It's us. You can't forget about that night in San Cristobel.

Cassie: I've tried, Jeffrey. I'm trying. I want to forget that you took Richard's place. I want to pretend it doesn't matter to me, but it does. Sorry, I can't. We should go.

Jeffrey: Then what?

Cassie: I don't know.

Jeffrey: Well, that's not good enough.

Cassie: Look, I just...

Jeffrey: I know, you can't pretend and you can't forget, I heard you. But you don't just come out with something so important and just say we should go. Go where, Cassie? If we don't deal with this, there is no place for us to go.

_

Sandy: Look at us. All dressed up.

Tammy: I want you to leave.

Sandy: I showed up for you. I've always shown up for you. Tammy, I'm the one who will always show up for you.

Tammy: Did you hear what I said?

Sandy: I heard you say how beautiful and perfect it was a minute ago. And I'm with you there. And I'm ready to be with you from now on.

Tammy: What?

Sandy: Yeah, we can start where we left off. Remember the sweet, happy life that I promised you? I am still good for that promise.

Tammy: If you don't leave, I will.

Sandy: Wait, wait, wait.

Tammy: Don't touch me; leave me alone.

Sandy: You said yes to me once before and you have it in you to say yes again.

_

Alan-Michael: Where were we?

Dinah: I think we were right here.

Alan-Michael: You heading out?

Dinah: No, I have lots of work to do, so you can go ahead and hold all my personal messages, okay?

Alan-Michael: Yes, ma'am.

Marina: What was that all about?

Alan-Michael: I got a call earlier from a guy who said he found something Gus left behind for Harley and she went with Mallet...

Dinah: Sorry, maybe I wasn't clear. I trust Mallet, so there's no issue. I'm not going to talk about this anymore, is that clear?

Alan-Michael: Yes. Would you like me to have your car brought around?

Dinah: You know what, that's a very good idea. I will take a ride to clear my head, and I will dive back to work in a moment.

Alan-Michael: Good plan. Mrs. Marler would like her car brought around. She's going to go for a little ride.

_

Gus: Did you ever see that movie "Ghost," where the guy dies and his wife is all vulnerable, and then the best friend moves in on her. That is so Mallet. He's just honing in on Harley because she's so vulnerable.

Alan: What's a six-letter word for "I told you so"?

Gus: S-h-u-t u-p. Shut up!

Alan: That is six letters, but it doesn't really fit here. Why are you looking at me that way? You are the one who landed us in this mess.

Gus: No, no, this is not my fault.

Alan: May I remind you, Gus, you kidnapped me.

Gus: You were going to kill Harley the minute you came out of the courtroom on New Year's Eve. Why don't you just admit it?

Alan: And in the end, I wasn't the man you needed to worry about after all, was I?

_

Harley: Why-- why does this just keep happening to me, all this false hope? I just want to breathe and let go. Breathe and let go. When I open my eyes, all I see is he's dead. Gus is dead.

Mallet: We cant. We can't do this. Not this way. Not this time.

_


Jonathan: Where exactly did you leave that note for Tammy?

Ava: I told you, under the windshield wiper of her car. Maybe it got wet and flew off or something.

Jonathan: No, I don't think so. Did you see Sandy all day?

Ava: No, why?

Jonathan: Because maybe he found the note and told her to go somewhere else?

Ava: Where would he tell her to go?

Jonathan: I don't know.

_

Tammy: You can't think that I'd...

Sandy: Marry me. It wouldn't be the first time.

Tammy: Just let me leave, please. You don't want to wind up in jail, Sandy. Think! You have a restraining order against you.

Sandy: Oh, yeah, that. You ripped it up. Thank you, sweetie.

Tammy: What? That was it?

Sandy: Pretty cool, huh?

Tammy: You sent the note to come here, not Jonathan?

Sandy: Uh-huh.

Tammy: You set this whole thing up; you left this dress for me.

Sandy: Yes, how is the dress? How does it make you feel? Does it make you feel things for me? It does, doesn't it?! I knew the minute that satin hit your skin, all the feelings for me would come flooding back. Wow.

Tammy: That's not how it is, Sandy.

Sandy: And I remember when you came down the wedding aisle on our wedding day. What's the matter, honey? Remember? You were like a... floating, like a goddess queen and you came straight to me.

Tammy: Sandy.

Sandy: And we stood in front of your whole family and all of our friends and we said that we vowed to cherish and honor and protect each other until death do us part. And there were rings, remember the rings? Oh, still are. Yup, oh, they're giving me trouble like you are.

Tammy: Oh, my God.

Sandy: Remember that? But we'll get back to those in a minute. Tammy-- wait, Tammy. You're my angel. And you're every bit as beautiful as you were that wedding night. And you don't know how happy it makes me that we're going to be man and wife.

Tammy: I don't know if you are crazy, or if you actually believe what you're saying, but there's no way we can be together, none!

Sandy: You keep saying that, but look, here we are.

Tammy: No. I don't want to be with you. I don't love you. If you try the take me anywhere, Sandy, you better be ready for the fight of your life.

_

Jeffrey: You just came to me right now for comfort. And the second I put my arms around you, you couldn't help but flash back to that night and then that was it, you pulled away. You couldn't be with me.

Cassie: It is just the wrong time.

Jeffrey: The wrong time? When is the right time?

Cassie: I am not a witness in a trial.

Jeffrey: Okay. Don't get mad and just walk away, please! Please, for once, let's just finish the damn conversation. So what, do I repulse you now?

Cassie: No, you don't. You remind me how easy it is to keep secrets from me. It makes me wonder if there is anyone in the whole world I can trust, and that makes me feel small and weak and lost and I am desperate to not feel that way again. So I cant.

_

Alan: Oh, God!

Gus: You've got to get off my leg, get off my leg.

Alan: It's a brilliant idea you have. What's a six-letter word for imbecile?

Beth: Gotcha.

_

Mallet: We cannot do this. It's just wrong. You know we can't; it's wrong.

Harley: It was wrong the first time. Sorry, I didn't mean that that way.

Mallet: It's all right.

Harley: This is why I wanted out of being your partner, Mallet. Because every time I'm together with you, I'm weepy and vulnerable, and we keep telling ourselves it's going to be okay, and it's not. Don't you see that? It's not going to be okay. Because, look at me, I'm a mess.

Mallet: Maybe it will just take some time.

Harley: How much time is that? Like every day for the rest of my life? Because I've got to be honest with you, I don't see a light at the end of this tunnel.

Mallet: You're grieving.

Harley: Yes, I am. I am grieving. Part of me still thinks he's still alive. You know, like my son tells me he talks to him on the phone-- a six-year-old. And I believe that. And I wanted to buy that. And then I keep telling myself no, no, it's not true. It's nuts! The whole thing is nuts! God, I feel like I did that night in your hotel room when all of the hope was gone and all I was left with was that pain. All that pain. And you.

_

Jeffrey: Cassie, what I did was so wrong. I made a huge mistake. I'm sorry; I apologize. I've apologized; I'll apologize again.

Cassie: And I want to forgive you.

Jeffrey: But you can't?

Cassie: No. I just keep going back to the betrayal.

Jeffrey: Well, then, you know, betray me. I'm serious, you know, go find someone else and even the score.

Cassie: You know I am not going to do that.

Jeffrey: No, I know you are not going to do that! And I know you can't get over this!

Cassie: Jeffrey.

Jeffrey: I can do this, you know. I've done it before. I can break it off, close down and move on. It's okay.

Cassie: Who are you calling?

Jeffrey: Well, I'm going to need a place to live.

_

Sandy: You think this is a game, Tammy? It isn't. This is my life. A life that is meant to be shared with you.

Tammy: No.

Sandy: I was nothing before I met you. I know it sounds cliche, but until you came along, I was a walking cliche. A lonely guy with no one and nothing. And you have to understand that I can't go back to that.

Tammy: Then go on. Go on to someone else.

Sandy: One lousy secret, that's what it boils down to. One stupid, little secret that I thought I had taken care of.

Tammy: Wait, are you saying that if your divorce with Ava had gone through, you never would have mentioned her for the rest of our lives?

Sandy: I did it to protect you.

Tammy: There is nothing to protect anymore. Marriage is about love and I love Jonathan, not you. Ow! Get off me!

Sandy: You can't say that. You can't love Jonathan.

Tammy: Let me go!

_

Marina: What do you think is going to happen when Dinah gets to Harley and Mallet?

Alan-Michael: Who says that's where she's going?

Marina: Please.

Alan-Michael: Okay, if , I think it's a good thing. I'm always in favor of getting the issues out in the open. You can't find love without truth, right?

Marina: Oh, my goodness, did you just say the "L" word?

Alan-Michael: It slipped out. Hey, I go to the movies. I see the beautiful babe and the giant gorilla always fall for each other. Okay, bad example, but love does conquer all, doesn't it?

Marina: In the movies. The question is: Do you believe it happens in real life?

Alan-Michael: Yeah. Why, don't you?

Marina: I'd like to believe that. I don't know. I guess I haven't had too many good examples. Now that I'm a cop...

Alan-Michael: Yeah?

Marina: I don't know, I guess I just see the worst in people, you know. It makes me wonder if love really can overcome all of the self-centeredness and greed that there is in this world. And there's a lot of it. What's the matter, did I hit a nerve?

_

Gus: Easy, easy, easy.

Alan: We got a little tangled up, Beth, playing a game of backgammon.

Gus: I thought we were playing twister.

Beth: Oh, yeah, I'm sure. ( Coughing )

Alan: That's a nasty cough you got.

Beth: Yeah? Well, I'm getting sick going back and forth up this mountain.

Gus: I know a little something that will make you feel better: Why don't you just let us go.

Beth: Nice try.

Gus: Oh, come on. Just let us-- what do you want? What do you want from us?

Alan: Gus, that's not a fair question. Perhaps all Beth really wants to do is just torture us.

Gus: I don't think that's the case. I think she's a nicer person than that. I'll tell you what, we had a car crash, right? We got stuck up here for a couple of weeks without a phone and you came along and helped us, and we'll just leave it at that. What do you say?

Alan: Good idea. And then you won't have to go to prison, Beth.

Beth: Really?

Gus: Mm-hmm. See, it's good because otherwise everybody is going to wonder why you didn't tell them that you saw us and that we were okay. What do you say?

Beth: I say no, Gus. Because the problem is, you still aren't treating me with the respect I deserve! It's still little tricks and games! And poor, little Beth is in way over her head!

Gus: Nice, someone's been eaves dropping?

Beth: I listened to the reading of your will, Alan. I kept hoping that you would redeem yourself in my eyes, but no, you're still the same miserable bastard in death that you were in life.

Alan: I provided for you in that will!

Beth: An allowance? I don't care about the money. When I married you, you promised that we would be equal partners in taking back Spaulding, that I would be in charge.

Alan: There is no way I could allow that, Beth! You have no experience running a company the size of Spaulding Enterprises!

Beth: Well, I sure as hell had more experience than Harley or Dinah Marler. But, yeah, Dinah. Guess who is sitting in the CEO's chair? Yeah. I forgot to tell you, Harley's decided to take a break. I guess so she could spend more time with Mallet so he could comfort her in her grief. Yeah, see, there has been a couple of new developments in your absence.

_

Harley: This isn't healthy, or appropriate, or anything that's positive.

Mallet: Well, I'll try not to take that as an insult.

Harley: Mallet, I have to tell you something important. Remember when you asked me if we were over for good, so that you could move on with Dinah and I said yes?

Mallet: Yeah, and you meant it.

Harley: Yeah, well, I need to be honest with you. It's just fair for all of us.

_

Beth Chamberlain, "Inside The Light."

Beth: My special episode, it's a very interesting episode. I spent a lot of time thinking about this and I think what it comes down to is, it's a boxing match between Beth's higher and lower self, and it's a question of who is going to win out.

See Beth, Wednesday, March 8th, "Inside The Light."

_

Dinah: Am I interrupting something?

Mallet: No. No.

Harley: No.

Mallet: No, we found this... a hotel guest found it and it's a letter from Gus.

Dinah: "My Harley, my wife, I'm sorry, it doesn't look like I'm going to make it back to you." When did he write this?

Mallet: We think after the crash.

Dinah: Honey, I'm so sorry. Are you okay?

Harley: No.

Dinah: I'm sorry.

Harley: I don't know why this keeps happening to me.

Dinah: It's okay. It's okay.

Mallet: How are you doing? What are you doing here?

Dinah: Well, I heard that there was a lead and that the two of you were here. Does it matter?

Mallet: No. No.

Dinah: Forgive me, I didn't mean to interrupt.

Harley: Dinah, I'm the one who should be asking for forgiveness here.

Mallet: Harley.

Dinah: What do you mean?

Harley: I have to tell you something. Both of you.

_

Alan-Michael: Marina, I'm a Spaulding. It's in my genes to want to be the best, to come out on top, no matter what I have to do to get there.

Marina: Well, you're already there. You're helping to run a major corporation--

Alan-Michael: Helping?! See what I'm saying? It's like it's pulling at me to be the one and only winner. To go for that rush of beating out everyone else, no matter what.

Marina: Alan-Michael, I mean, I think it comes naturally. You're Alan's son.

Alan-Michael: There's nothing natural about it. I don't want to feel that pull, Marina. It's like I've got no free will. I've got one path and I've got to follow it. I've got no other path; that's the only path. I don't want to get sucked into that.

Marina: Well, what do you want?

Alan-Michael: I want to feel that it's possible for two people to come together and make it work, even if they seem all wrong for each other.

Marina: Well, most of the people in this town think that we are all wrong for each other. I think you can put my dad at the top of that list.

Alan-Michael: Maybe he's right.

Marina: No. No, listen, I don't buy that, okay? Because you are nothing like Alan or Phillip. You do need something more than just money and power. And I see that in you, Alan-Michael. And that's why my dad is wrong, okay? And that's why I'm willing to take my chances.

_

Jonathan: Are you okay?

Tammy: I'm fine. Really, I'm fine.

Jonathan: Get out!

Sandy: I'm sorry, I can't do that. Tammy and I have plans.

Jonathan: You are whacked.

Sandy: You don't get it, do you? You still don't get it. You're not good for her. There's no good in you.

Jonathan: I will break your face!

Tammy: Jonathan, don't!

Sandy: Yeah! Is that what you think, that you can splatter my brains all over the place to prove your point? That seems right for you.

Tammy: Stop. No, no, no. Don't!

Jonathan: ( Groans ) ( glass breaking ) You thought I would go for it, didn't you? Thought I'd come here all crazy, so you'd go to the cops or Cassie, tell them Jonathan bugged out at me again? Wrong. I'm not that stupid.

Sandy: Tammy, I'm not going to give up on us. You know, he'll ruin your life. I'll make it work. He'll smash it to pieces, just like that.

Jonathan: Shut your mouth!

Sandy: This isn't over!

Jonathan: Yes it is. Yes it is. Because I know you; I know you too damn good. We're not going to play this game by your rules anymore; we're going to play by mine.

Sandy: Tammy, it's your last chance. You deserve better than someone who is... twisted.

_

Cassie: What if I said I wasn't ready to let go.

Jeffrey: Not from me, the man who makes you feel small and weak and lost. You know, you're much better off pushing me away and getting away from me as fast as you can.

Cassie: You don't believe that. I don't believe that.

Jeffrey: I don't-- I don't want this to end. As a matter of fact, I can't even imagine my life without you, Cassie.

Cassie: I can't imagine it either.

Jeffrey: But we're not doing too well here. I make you feel desperate, and that's not good. And at this rate, you're going to end up hating me. I'd much rather have you missing me.

Cassie: So... this is it?

Jeffrey: I think this is the best way, you know? The only way. I should go.

Cassie: Jeffrey... I miss you already.

Jeffrey: Well, that's a good start.



Tammy: Why did you bring me here?

Jonathan: This is where I wanted you to meet me-- if that kid didn't get his hands on my note.

Tammy: I guess Sandy has been watching.

Jonathan: He ruined everything I tried to do today. He twisted it into something sick.

Tammy: What did you try to do today?

Jonathan: I was going to invite Reva and Cassie and the whole family over here trying to bring them back to you. I don't know, bring them back to each other. I figured I took something real important from you and the least I could do is give you something back.

Tammy: So, it had nothing to do with you wanting to...

Jonathan: What? Marry you? No, not this time.

Tammy: I should change out of this.

Jonathan: Hey, wait. Come here. Everything's okay.

Tammy: How did you find me, anyway?

Jonathan: Luck. I don't know, maybe that freak wanted me to find you so I would bust in and go ballistic on him, and he could tell everybody he is Jonathan Randall's latest victim. Well, it doesn't matter. The only thing that matters is keeping him away from you now.

Tammy: Maybe we should move.

Jonathan: No.

Tammy: Let's leave tonight.

Jonathan: No. Sandy is not chasing us out of town. I'm not going to let him do that to us.

Tammy: You heard him; he said he's not going to give up.

Jonathan: Well, then, I'll make him give up.

Tammy: How? What are you going to do?

Jonathan: Don't worry about it.

Tammy: I am worried.

Jonathan: Well then stop. Look, hey, Tammy, if you let Sandy worm his way into your head to where you're thinking about him all of the time, then he wins, yeah? I just told you, we're going to play this game by my rules, not his.

Tammy: I just don't want anybody to get hurt.

Jonathan: Sometimes that can't happen.

Tammy: Where are you going?

Jonathan: You stay in this room, don't open the door, don't let anyone else in until I get back.

Tammy: Jonathan?

Jonathan: Promise me, Tammy. Promise.


Sandy: Cassie, is Jeff in there?

Cassie: No, he's gone.

Sandy: Wait, hold on, hold on. I... I just saw Tammy and Jonathan.

Cassie: Oh, my God. Sandy, they're not married, are they?

Sandy: No, but I tried to save her and she's still with him. I think that we--

Cassie: Sandy, just stop. Just stop! I have tried to be nice and go the legal route to keep you away from her, but you clearly didn't get the message. So you just listen to me, all right? You keep away from her, you don't shadow her or I'm going to make you sorry you ever met this family, you got it?

Sandy: If this is the part where I'm supposed to be scared, right? Well, it's not working.

Cassie: Well, it should be. Because I am not playing around.

Sandy: I'm not playing around either. And don't waste your time, trying to scare me, you dont nor does anyone else in town. Cassie, wake up! Your daughter is in love with her cousin and they're going to get married! We could have stopped them, but you don't listen to me. You never listen to them. So I'm going to have to handle it on my own, my own way. And I'm guessing you're not going to like it.


Harley: You are two of the most important people in my life. And now that Gus is gone, and I've done what I've done to grieve him, I can't lie to you anymore-- to either of you.

Dinah: Harley, you're the most honest person I've ever known.

Mallet: You don't have to tell us what a rough time you've had lately; we know that.

Harley: Yeah, but what I haven't told you-- I've been dishonest about my intentions.

Dinah: Sweetie, if you want to come back to Spaulding Enterprises, you know that the CEO title is all yours. Absolutely.

Harley: It's not the job.

Dinah: Then honey, what is it?

Harley: Okay, here it is. I thought that I could just flip a switch and be super-cop, and that would fix everything, going back to the force, but I realize that... I realize that I need to grieve Gus. I need to face that pain and that loss on my own. And only then will I be able to trust myself with you and know that you trust me.

Mallet: I trust you now.

Harley: Still, it's going to take a while. So, I can't work on that case anymore. And that's it. Anyway, I should get back to town.

Dinah: Are you sure you don't want us to go with you?

Harley: No. I just want you to stay here, okay. Just stay here.


Alan: Sooner or later someone is going to find us and then you will be the one in these chains. What is it going to be like in prison? For once, you won't have to play the part; you will be the victim.

Beth: ( Laughing ) Bring it on, yeah.

Gus: Look, can we please-- she's a nice person. You're very nice. You put other people in front of you. I've seen you do it a thousand times. So you wouldn't do this. I mean you wouldn't end up hurting us, something as extreme as--

Beth: What are you saying, Gus? You saying that I'm weak? That I'm incapable of staying the course? Is that what you're saying?

Alan: We're not saying you're weak, Beth. But we know that when push comes to shove, you always fold. I mean you have a history of that. So why don't you just throw in the towel now, so we can all go home-- ow! (Groans )

Beth: You think-- you think that I can't keep it up, Alan?! Watch me.

Gus: My leg.

Alan: Oh.

Maybe things got weird after all that went down

and things were all so clear that I could never get this right

so tell me what your plans are tell me what you're doing

the only thing I hope it gives me is a picture of you...


Jonathan: Have you seen Sandy in here?

Ava: No, why? Jonathan! Jonathan! Come back here. Don't, wait!

But I can't live without you even it makes you lose your smile

and I can't wait to see you rising I can't wait to see you shine...


Sandy: Uh-uh, this isn't over.


Dinah: Maybe we should head back to town ourselves?

Mallet: No, you know what, let's not. Let's not. Let's spend sometime together. I mean, it's not every day the Springfield P.D. foots the bill for a hotel room.

Dinah: I feel awful.

Mallet: Me, too. Maybe we can change that.

Dinah: Hey, um, you know, I don't-- I hate it that my mind jumps to jealousy all of the time. And, um, if I'm going to keep imagining that things are happening when you and Harley work together...

Mallet: You know what, it's all right. I understand that you feel jealous. And we're going to get past that. We're going to get through that. Okay? Anyway, you're kind of cute when you're jealous.

Dinah: Shut up.

Mallet: ( Laughing ) It adds a little spice.

Dinah: Are you saying we're dull?

Mallet: I'm not saying we're dull. I think we're pretty good together. We've been in this room 20 minutes and we haven't even shown each how good we are together.

Dinah: Not anymore.

Mallet: ( Laughing ) You know, that was a new shirt.

Dinah: Sorry. A new blouse.

Mallet: Huh.


Marina: You want to get away from the Spaulding pool, get away from the Spaulding office, with me.

Alan-Michael: Let's go.

Marina: Okay.

Alan-Michael: Harley, hi.

Marina: Harley.

Alan-Michael: How are you doing?

Harley: I'm fine.

Marina: You don't look fine.

Harley: Well, you know, it was a long day.

Alan-Michael: Hey, did you run into Dinah? She went out looking for you and Mallet to see if everything is okay.

Harley: Yeah, she found us.

Alan-Michael: Is everything all right?

Harley: Yeah, fine. They're fine. They're two bugs in a rug.

Marina: Well, you see there? I told you that it would be good for Dinah and Mallet to see each other. Now, I guess you'll have to be in charge for a little while, at least until Dinah gets back.

Alan-Michael: I guess another day can't hurt.


Beth: All of my life you thought of me as a light-weight, as a ditz, as a person you could just lead around by the nose!

Gus: That is not working. Please, would just shut-up, Dad.

Alan: At least you've been consistent, Beth.

Gus: Shut up, Dad.

Beth: You begged me; you pleaded with me to marry you. And I'm so stupid! I thought you were seeing me as an equal!

Gus: Beth, you want to run Spaulding Enterprises, you just get me home, I'll make sure it will happen.

Beth: You said... you said that we would rule the empire together, that was your pitch to me.

Alan: I married you for one reason, to safeguard my money and my company until I got out of the hospital bed and you couldn't even keep it together for that long!

Gus: Could you stop! Just stop, Dad, please!

Beth: Well you know something? You know something? Money, the company, it's not going to matter much where you're going.

Gus: Where are we going?

Beth: Hell, probably. See, I think I will just leave you here to rot. Everybody already thinks you're dead! Nothing much will change. They'll just be right now.


Next on "Guiding Light"...

Beth: Why your freezing to death isn't really all that bad. You just fall asleep. Sweet dreams. Here you are. Good riddents.

Alan: You killed me.

Guiding Light Transcript Wednesday 3/8/06








Alan: Beth!

Alan: What are you doing?

Gus: See what she's doing? Beth, this is not like you.

Alan: Beth, what are you doing?

Beth: You're bullying me for the last time, Alan. You thought that you could just humiliate me, that you could just divorce me, pretend I didn't exist. You made me disappear. Well, let's see how you like oblivion when I'm the one sitting in Springfield in my nice easy chair.

Alan: Beth, listen to me. You cannot leave us here because we will die.

Beth: You mean someone like me couldnt slay the great Alan Spaulding! That's right. And you, I seem to remember an incidence with an open mike and a room full of people at a Christmas party. Remember that?

Gus: Yeah, that was terrible; I shouldnt die for that.

Beth: Well, you know what? You're probably right, you shouldn't. But you see, if I let you go, the first thing you'll do is set him free. So I guess you're just collateral damage. ( Coughing ) I would enjoy what little time I had left, boys. And don't worry, I hear freezing to death isn't really all that bad. You just fall asleep. Sweet dreams.

Alan: Beth, you can't let this happen. You're not that cold!

Beth: Oh, but, Alan, you see, that I am. You should be proud of yourself: You finally turned me into a true Spaulding.

Gus: Beth. Beth!

Alan: Don't leave us here, Beth.

Gus: Ah, come on, Beth. Please.

Alan: Beth, for God's sake, we'll die! Beth!

Gus: Beth!

Alan: Beth, don't do this!

Knowing it ain't really smart...

remember the sanitarium room?!

The joker ain't the only fool who'll do anything for you

laying out another lie, thinking 'bout a life of crime

that's what I'll have to do to keep me away from you ( instrumental music playing )

lovers, I know you've had a few

but hide your heart beneath the covers and tell 'em they're the only one

and others, they know just what I'm going through

and it's a-hard to be a lover when you say you're only in it for fun

playing with the queen of hearts,

knowing it ain't really smart the joker ain't the only fool

who'll do anything for you playing with the queen of hearts.



Beth: I'll be home soon. I just didn't want you to worry.

Lillian: Are you back from the spa?

Beth: Ah, not yet. The roads are really icy up here. ( Coughs )

Lillian: You sound terrible. Where are you?

Beth: I, uh... I'm staying at a nice little inn off Route 8. I thought I'd stay here tonight and then come back tomorrow. Like I said, I just wanted to call you so you didn't worry. ( Coughs )

Lillian: Are you sick?

Beth: No, no. I'm just tired-- of a lot of things. I'll see you tomorrow, Mom. I love you. ( Clock ticking ) ( clock ticking getting louder ) My cell phone. Oh, did I leave it the cabin? ( Breathing heavily ) It's here. You see, Alan, I can be as ruthless as you are. There you are. Good riddance. ( Clock ticking )

( Clock ticking )

Alan: You killed me.

Beth: ( Gasping ) ( whispering ) It's a dream. It's a dream. You've got to stay calm. You're in charge; you're in control. You're Mrs. Alan Spaulding.

Waitress: Mrs. Spaulding? Are you sure I can't get you something to eat? A girl can't live on coffee alone.

Beth: I'm not hungry. Thanks.

Waitress: Okay. ( Clock ticking )

Beth: You know, on second thought, I'll have two eggs over easy, bacon and throw in a couple of pancakes there, too.

Waitress: Great.



Randall: Ms. Raines? I got your message, but I'm not sure I understand.

Beth: Then let me explain it to you, Mr. Randall. I am still Mrs. Alan Spaulding despite those little divorce papers you sent me.

Randall: I was just doing what Mr. Spaulding had instructed me to--

Beth: Mr. Spaulding is dead. His instructions died with him as did his mousy wife. This is your retainer; you work for me now. And your first assignment is to find every copy of those papers you drew up for Alan and shred them. No one must ever know they existed.

Randall: But I can't--

Beth: I need to be seen as the noble widow, not some poor hapless creature Alan was about to cast off. And as my lawyer, I need you to help me establish the proper image. Don't you agree?

Randall: Consider it done, Mrs. Spaulding.

Beth: Thank you very much. This is easier than I thought. ( Clock ticking ) You know, ah, I'm going to have a glass of champagne with that, too. ( Coughing )

Harley: Wow, Beth, that doesn't sound good.

Beth: I'm fine.

Harley: A nasty cough and champagne first thing in the morning. What are we celebrating?

Beth: A new life, because life does go on, Harley-- whether we want it to or not.

Harley: Yes. Gus and I were just beginning our life together. Oh.

Beth: Harley, how long are you going to keep that candle burning for Gus?

Harley: Well, it's not just for Gus. It's for Zach and Jude, too.

Beth: Yes, but he's not coming back.

Harley: I know that. In my head I know that. ( Clocking ticking )

Zach: You know where Gus is, don't you?

Beth: What? No, I don't know why you would say that, Zach, I don't know.

Zach: Yes you do. He's in heaven, right, Mommy?

Harley: Mm-hmm. Yes, he is because they need him there more than we need him, right?

Zach: But we need him, too. And Grandpa Alan.

Harley: Yes. Do me a favor. Would you go into the kitchen and check on Grandpa Buzz, make sure he's not getting into a trouble in there. Thanks, bud. First, his own father, and now this. And I have no idea what it is doing to him.

Beth: Well, I can understand why you would worry about that Harley, but you know kids, they're very resilient. In fact, I went through a lot as a child as you know. I survived. And let's face it, our kids are probably better off without Alan's influence.

Harley: Well, I can understand you saying that, but Alan was devoted to his grandkids. I'll give him that much. And he loved you-- no he adored you, Beth. He made that perfectly clear to me at all times.

Beth: Yes, well, Alan gave with one hand and took away with the other. Harley, he killed Phillip. He would've killed you, too. And, yes, it's a tragedy that Gus had to die trying to protect you, but he was right, Alan had to be stopped.

Harley: Wow. I've never heard you so--

Beth: What, realistic? Honest? Get used to it. Harley, look, I understand how much it hurts. I know how difficult this is, but you have to get by it and move on. You have to.

Harley: What the hell is going on with you? ( clock ticking )

Beth: I uh... I don't know what you mean?

Harley: Really? Beth, you're pale. You're coughing; you're drinking. Whoa, whoa.

Rick: Whoa. Hey, what's the occasion, guys?

Harley: I'm not sure.

Beth: New life.

Rick: New life, huh?

Beth: I'm going to have another.

Rick: It might take some time.

Beth: No, silly. Another glass of champagne. You want one?

Rick: No, Beth, I'm fine.

Beth: Come on, Rick. Don't be a stick in the mud. Why don't you have some fun.

Rick: No, you're having enough fun for both of us. ( Whispers ) What's going on?

Beth: Hey, I want to have another one.

Rick: What happened, what's going on?

Harley: Something is bothering her.

Beth: Yeah, well, of course something is bothering me. I feel sad, for you and your boys. You suffered a terrible loss and if I could turn back the clock, I would. If I could go back to that awful day that I--

Harley: What day?

Beth: The day Alan and Gus disappeared. Of course that's the day that I'm talking about. The day everything went so horr--

Rick: Beth? Sweetie.

Harley: Whoa, whoa, whoa.

Rick: Whoa, whoa, whoa. She is burning up; she is on fire. I've got to get her to the hospital.

Harley: Yeah. I'll come with you. Let me just get her stuff here.

Harley: Homestead hills.


Lillian: It's all right, honey, I'm here. You're going to be okay, Beth.

Rick: Lillian, she's extremely dehydrated. More fluids.

Lillian: You're going to feel so much better when you have all the fluids in you, honey. You really are.

Harley: Do you mind if I hang out?

Rick: No, that's fine. ( Clock ticking )


Alan: Who would have guessed she could have been so ruthless?

Gus: Oh, it's pointless, anyway. The whole thing's moot; we're goners. I can feel the last little bit of my life slipping out as we speak.

Alan: It's all your fault. You kidnapped me or I would have never been in that car.

Gus: No, you would have been out trying to kill my wife. I didn't know you served her with divorce papers. No wonder why she slipped off the edge.

Alan: She testified against me and she was planning to keep me in that sanitarium forever.

Gus: Hmm. So now you're going to die like a drowned frozen rat. Yeah, that's an improvement.


Beth: Shut up! Shut...

Rick: Hey, take it easy. Beth.

Lillian: Come on, sweetie, just breath. You've got to breath and relax. Just relax.

Rick: It's all right.

Beth: What have I done?

Harley: What is she talking about?

Rick: She's delirious; her fever is extremely high.

Beth: Harley. Harley. Have you ever done something you regret?

Lillian: Sweetheart, stop.

Harley: Something that you wished that you--

Lillian: You've got to breathe. I'm afraid that she's hurting herself here.

Beth: Have you?!

Harley: Lillian.

Beth: Have you?

Rick: It's okay, it's all right.

Beth: Do you know what it feels like to wish that you could go back?

Lillian: Sh-sh-sh. Sweetheart, it's okay.

Rick: Don't fight. Don't fight it, sweetheart.

Beth: Don't. I wish that I could go back to that night.

Harley: What night?

Rick: It's okay, sweetheart.

Harley: Beth, what night? What night?!

Alan: Rumor has it that you have been working Gus to keep me locked up in here.

Beth: That's ridiculous, Alan.

Alan: Yes it's ridiculous. It would be very foolish, too. You know how claustrophobic I am, how much I hate this place. Now, if I thought for one minute you were capable of doing that, I don't know what I would do.

Beth: Not much, not from in here.

Alan: Don't count on it, Beth. As you see, I've already been declared insane. What more can they do to me?

Beth: We both know you aren't insane, Alan. In fact, I have never seen you so confident, so in control. I don't know how you do it. It's really very impressive and attractive. Do you find me attractive, Alan?

Alan: I always have, you know that.

Beth: Yes. There has always been something there, hasn't there? You know what I've been thinking?

Alan: What?

Beth: I've been thinking that when you get home, we should make this marriage a real marriage.

Alan: Ooh, that sounds very appealing.

Beth: Doesn't it, though. Yes. So tomorrow night when you get home, we will have a real celebration.

Alan: Beth, why should we wait until tomorrow?

Beth: ( Laughing ) Alan, I hardly think that this is the place--

Alan: Well, you said that you wanted me and the doors are locked.

Beth: I do want you.

Alan: Then why don't you show me that you are loyal to me, and that you are my wife.

Lillian: Let the sedative do it's work, sweetheart. Close your eyes.

Beth: Don't let me dream. Don't let me dream.

Harley: Okay, I won't. I wont.

Beth: Don't let me dream.

Harley: I wont. I wont.

Rick: Lillian, I'm going to take the blood to the lab myself, okay?

Lillian: She's just burning up. She's burning up. I've got to get another compress. You hold onto her.

Harley: I will, I will. I'll stay with her.

Lillian: I'll be right back; I'm getting another compress.

Beth: ( Breathing heavily )

Harley: Here, Beth, here. Put this on your head.

Beth: I'm fine, I'm fine.

Harley: You're fine. You're burning up; you have a 104 fever. Sweetie, you're spending too much time out in the cold. ( Clock ticking )

playing with the queen of hearts,

knowing it ain't really smart...

Beth: Why would you say something like that to me?

Harley: Because when Mallet and I saw you by the accident site. Remember? On Gus' birthday, there you were, drudging through the snow.

Beth: Yes, I was trying to pay my respects to Gus and Alan; I was trying to get closure.

Harley: Did you? Did you get closure?

Beth: Yes. I did exactly what Alan would have done. I've gone on and I am never looking back. Oh, stop. (Sobbing )

baby, I know it makes you sad

but when they're handing out the heartaches

you know you got to have you some

playing with the queen of hearts

knowing it ain't really smart...

Beth: You know, I think what Rick gave me is kicking in.

Harley: Good.

Beth: Harley, you don't have to stay here baby-sit me. I'm sure you have better things to do.

Harley: No. I think actually I'll hang around and wait for your test results, if you don't mind.

Beth: Well, what if I have is contagious? I wouldn't want to give anything to your boys. ( Coughs )

Lillian: Oh, that sounds bad, that cough, honey.

Harley: Okay.

Lillian: Oh, Beth.

Harley: You've made your point. ( Laughs ) I will go. But I'm going to come back later to check on you, okay?

Lillian: I think you better call me before you come back, Harley, okay?

Harley: Yeah. That's probably a good idea.

Lillian: Sweetie.

Beth: I outlasted her, Mom.

Lillian: Who?

Lillian: Harley. And all the Spaulding wives-- not to mention the Spaulding men. One by one, Alan either drove them away or killed them off, but not me. I'm the last one standing.

Lillian: You have always been a survivor, always.

Beth: Yes, I have.

Beth: Thank God I found you, Alan. I couldn't just sit back and let you go free. I would have been the one out in the cold. There's no one out there to save me anymore. So I have to take things in my own hands. I'm in charge, I can do this. I wasn't expecting to have the two of you, but that's okay. Gus needs to learn a few lessons, too. This little break will be good for all of us. I'm just not sure what will happen when you wake up. You're hurt, so you need my help, but, still, I have to make sure that I keep the upper hand or things could go bad. Now, how do I keep you quiet? Think, Beth, think.

Rick: Are you okay?

Beth: Yeah, I pulled a muscle in my shoulder playing tennis. I'm taking ibuprofen for it.

Rick: You know you should have a doctor take a look. We have a new sports doctor at the hospital. Single, funny, charming. Single, kind of looks like George Clooney-- did I say single?

Beth: Subtle. Very subtle. No, I've had had this before. It goes away on its own. It does bother me at night, though. You couldn't give me a prescription, could you?

Rick: Yeah, I could give you one for something a little stronger, okay, but you've got to be very careful with this. You've got to take it in small doses, okay?

Beth: Oh, Rick, come on, you know me: Everything in moderation. Here you go, boys. There's something to keep you warm. ( Clock ticking )

Lillian: Beth, it says here you told admissions you were on no medications, but didn't Rick give you a prescription for your shoulder?

Beth: Yes, well, I took some and threw the rest away. I didn't want them in the house.

Lillian: Okay.

Beth: You know something, Mom, I'm feeling a lot better; I'm going to go home.

Lillian: No, you are-- Beth, you are staying right here until your fever is down.

Lizzie: Mom?

Lillian: Get in that bed.

Lizzie: Are you all right?

Beth: You called her?

Lillian: Of course I called her. Now lie down. You have to stay here with your mother and do not let her out of the bed. I'll be right back. You stay here, sweetie.

Lizzie: Are you all right? Uncle Rick said you fainted at Company.

Beth: I'm fine, honey. Uncle Rick and Nana are being melodramatic.

Lizzie: Is there anything I can do?

Beth: You've already done everything just be being here. You're the best medicine. Listen, what do you say we blow this place, huh? Can you drive me home?

Lizzie: Nana just said to--

Beth: Nana is a worry-wart. Yes, I'm sick, but I will recuperate at home, okay? So, you run down, you get the car and I will meet you down front, okay? Uh-huh?

Lizzie: Are you okay?

Beth: Yes, yes. Go. Go before Nana gets back. ( Clock ticking )


Mallet: Hold on, hold on. Excuse me, I need to I.D. that body before you put it in the cooler. ( Clock ticking ) thank you.

Rick: Beth.

Beth: ( Gasps )

Rick: What do you think you're doing? You're not going anywhere? You've got to take care of yourself, honey.

Beth: I'm going to go home, Rick.

Rick: Just follow Dr. Rick's orders and I will explain to you--

Beth: Rick, I'm a little run down. Just give me a prescription and I'll be out of your hair.

Rick: A prescription is not going to change your condition.

Beth: Condition, what are you talking about? Is there or is there not something wrong with me?

Rick: Well, that depends on how you look at it. Beth, you're pregnant.

Beth: What?

Rick: Sweetheart, you're pregnant.

Beth: No.

Rick: Yes, you are.

Beth: No. Rick, they made a mistake. They switched my blood with somebody else.

Rick: Beth, I ran a test three times. You're pregnant. Now just-- lay down. Listen, honey, you don't have to tell me this now, but who the father is--

Beth: It's Alan. It's Alan. ( Sobbing )

Rick: Alan? Alan Spaulding? Were you drunk?

Beth: In the usual way!

Rick: Oh, God, I'm sorry. Are you okay?

Beth: It was the night before his hearing-- oh, Rick, Alans baby is growing inside of me. I can't raise another child without him as the father.

Rick: Listen to me. Listen to me, stop this. You're not going to do this alone.

Beth: You don't understand, Rick. Some day this child is going to look at me with Alans eyes and I'm going to feel so guilty.

Rick: Why? Why would you feel guilty? Beth, it's not like you could have prevented what happened. It's not like-- you were nowhere near this car when it went off the road. Why would you feel guilty?

Beth: After.

Rick: After what? After what-- you could have what, mourned longer, Beth? Look at you, you're mourning right now. Sweetheart...

Beth:( Sobbing )

Rick: You've got obligations. You've got children who are dependent on you; you have another one on the way. You've got to pull yourself together, Beth. And I will help you every step of the way. You know I will. So, this is what we're going to do. You're going to stay overnight-- no arguments-- and I'm going to get you the best room in the hospital, and you're going to lay down and you're going to get some rest, okay. Just lay down. Lay back. ( Clock ticking )

Beth: I've got to get out of here. Think, think.

Lizzie: Mom, I'm double- parked out front; are you still coming?

Beth: Come on, get me out of here. ( Coughing )

Lizzie: Mom, why are we here?

Beth: Because I need to think, Lizzie, and this is the one place where my head can be completely clear.

Lizzie: There's a new one.

Beth: No. You see, everything between these walls is cut and dry. It's not about emotion. It's just means and end. Your grandfather knows that better than anyone.

Lizzie: Mom.

Beth: What?

Lizzie: You just spoke about Granddad in the present tense.

Beth: That's because he's still with us, sweetie.

Lizzie: I believe that, too. Like he's not really gone. Even after the terrible stuff that he did toward the end, I still miss him so much, Mom. You do, too, don't you? Mom?

Beth: Lizzie, come here. I know that you never approved of my marriage to your grandfather. Listen to me, what would you say if I told you--

Lizzie: It was a joke, a power play, that's it. Can you imagine if it had been the real deal? What if you guys had kids--

Beth: Don't say that, Lizzie. Don't say that.

Mallet: Hi, Beth. Hi, Lizzie. I was over at the hospital working on a case, and the word is a certain lady took off in quite a hurry.

Beth: What business is that of yours?

Mallet: Well, it's not really. Just your mom thought you might need this. I found it in the E.R.

Beth: Thank you, Mallet. You didn't have to go through all that trouble.

Mallet: I was just checking in.

Beth: Why?

Mallet: See how you're doing. See how you feeling.

Beth: I'm fine.

Mallet: That's good, that's good. Because my cases on Gus and Alan still aren't closed, so I still need to ask you a few questions.

Beth: Well, I'm not... really that fine. In fact, we need to get going, honey.

Mallet: Harley told me...

Beth: Harley?

Mallet: Yeah, Harley said that you told her you're looking forward to moving on and putting Alans death behind you and I thought that's good because you've been just as interested as me to close this case, right?

Beth: Honey, why don't you go down and say hello to your Aunt Alex. I'll come and get you as soon as I'm finished with Detective Mallet.

Lizzie: Okay.

Beth: A.C., you can ask me whatever you would like. I don't know what I can tell you, though.

Mallet: No, you don't?

Beth: No, I don't.

Mallet: Beth, Alan was planning on divorcing you before he died.

Beth: ( Laughs ) Where would you get an idea like that?

Mallet: From my contacts at the courthouse. Are you telling me you didn't know anything about that?

Beth: That's exactly what I'm telling you.

Mallet: Wow. Speaking of divorce, I was just... ( clock ticking ) ...was getting a divorce and his wife found out about it, and she shot him dead. Talk about not being able to take the news.

Playing with the queen of hearts, knowing it ain't really smart..

Mallet: Beth, I know you're not feeling very well, so I'll ask you a few more questions and we'll wrap this up, okay?

Beth: Mallet?

Mallet: Yeah.

Beth: Do you remember years ago, that you helped me? I broke the law and you helped me? It was the night that Lizzie was born. Do you remember that?

Mallet: Yes, I remember that.

Beth: You have to listen to me. I never planned. I didn't plan it.

Mallet: What are you talking about? Planned what?

Rick: Excuse me. Beth, what are you doing here? Are you out of your mind. Do you want end up back in the I.C.U.?

Mallet: Doc, hold on, we're in the middle of something here. Hold on.

Rick: No, we're going back to the hospital.

Mallet: Beth, is there something you would like to say to me?

Beth: Yes. Yes.

Rick: Beth.

Beth: I have to get back there before it's too late.

Mallet: Okay, you have to get back where?

Rick: To the hospital. Right now.

Beth: No, Rick.

Rick: Now, Beth.

Beth: No, I--

Rick: Don't just think about yourself, you have a family.

Beth: That's what I'm trying to do.

Mallet: Beth?

Beth: I have to get out of here. You can't keep me here! You can't keep me here against my will?

Rick: Beth, your fever is very high; you're delusional. You wouldn't be fighting us like this, you know that. Stop it.

Beth: Lizzie. Lizzie, you help me. You tell them they need to let me go.

Lizzie: Mom, they're right. You're sick, you need to stay here.

Beth: It will be too late, don't you understand? It will be too late.

Harley: Too late for what, Beth?

Beth: Oh, God, what have I done?

Harley: Beth, why are you so upset?

Beth: I have to tell you. I have to. I have to go to...

Harley: Beth? ( Clock ticking )

Beth: I have to go pick up James from school. He's expecting to buy a baseball mit and he's really...

Lillian: Honey, I can do that for you.

Rick: Yes, your mom can do that for you.

Harley: That's what you're so upset about? That's what's bothering you, Beth?

Beth: No, no, that's not all I'm worried about. I'm also worried about the baby.

Lillian: The baby, Beth?

Rick: Beth's pregnant, Lillian.

Beth: It's Alans, in case you're wondering.

Lillian: Well, honey, no wonder you've been so emotional. Oh, how are-- how is she?

Rick: Doctor Sedwick is going to check her out, but the first order of business is that we have to get the fever down and get some antibiotics inside of you, okay?

Beth: You're shocked?

Harley: I'm... yes, of course, a little, but I'm very happy for you. I wish I was-- I mean Gus and I talked about that all of the time. Congratulations, Beth. ( Cell phone rings )

Mallet: Yeah, Mallet. Ah, yeah, what about it? Uh-huh, maybe I did. No, the wife absolutely did it. Because she's about as cold as they come. But, I hope she's-- yeah, she better get the max. I'll see to it that she does, yeah. Yeah. ( Clock ticking ) Yeah, I've got to go. Bye.

Beth: He's wrong. Stop him. Somebody stop him. Stop--

Harley: Stop who, Mallet?

Beth: It's nothing, never mind.

Lizzie: Hey, Mom, listen, I'm really excited that I'm gonna have a new little brother or sister. Honest, I'm really happy about it. It will keep Granddad alive, the best part of him.

Beth: You're right, Lizzie. That's all that matters now, is keeping your grandfather alive for our baby's sake.

Rick: What are you doing?

Beth: I've got to go. Oh, for crying out loud, one phone call.

Rick: It is your life and your child's life.

Lillian: Honey, he'll give you another sedative and you close your eyes. Come on, guys, let's go. Out.

Beth: I've got to go --

Rick: No.

Thinking about a life of crime because that's what I'll have to do to keep me away from you playing with the queen of hearts playing with the queen of hearts playing with the queen of hearts playing with the queen of hearts.

( Clock ticking )


Next on "Guiding Light"...

Jonathan didn't run away with Tammy, you pushed her away with both hands.

Tammy: You went after Sandy, didn't you?

Jonathan: Uh-huh.

Tammy: What did you do?

I'm in E.R. And I'm staring at Beth, and my gut is telling me she is hiding something. She knows something important about Gus, and I know it.




Reva: Okay, you got me here. Your job is over.

Josh: Really? What if I'm hungry, what if I want to stay here and have a bite to eat.

Reva: Josh, you're only doing this out of some sense of responsibility.

Josh: Yeah, says who?

Reva: Says me. You've been hovering since the accident.

Josh: Well, some things have changed since the accident, Reva?

Cassie: Have either of you heard from Jonathan?

Reva: Not since yesterday. He called and asked us to some special event he was planning. He was supposed to call back, and say when/where, but he never did.

Cassie: Yeah, I think that event was a wedding-- his and Tammy's.

Josh: What? Are you sure about that?

Cassie: Everything points to it, Josh. I don't know, I talked to Sandy, he says they weren't married, but who the hell knows.

Josh: And Sandy hasn't seen either one of them since yesterday?

Cassie: No. And Tammy left in the worst way yesterday. Now they're both gone and who knows if they're even coming back.



Tammy: Jonathan? ( Sighs )

Jonathan: Sandy's not chasing us out of town. I'm not letting him do that to us.

Tammy: You heard him; he said he's not going to give up.

Jonathan: We're going to play by my games, not his.

Tammy: I just don't want anyone to get hurt.

Jonathan: Sometimes that can't be helped.

Tammy: Oh, God. Please be okay. Jonathan? Where have you been? I've been looking all over for you.

Jonathan: You went out?

Tammy: I was worried.

Jonathan: I told you to stay inside and keep the door locked.

Tammy: That's all you have to say after being gone for--



Harley: This is a very bad idea. Hey, it's me.

Mallet: Where are you?

Harley: I'm in E.R. And I'm staring at Beth. My gut tells me she is hiding something. She knows something important about Gus, I know it.

Mallet: I'll come down there.

Harley: No, don't come down;, I just want to talk to you.

Mallet: I'll be there in a few minutes.

Harley: All right, I'll see you in a few minutes.

Dinah: Let me guess, you have a police emergency?

Mallet: Yeah, yeah, Harley needs my help.

Dinah: I thought we talked about Harley kind of working things out on her own from now own?

Mallet: Well, she sounds kind of lost right now. And the problem is if I pitched in, I don't know if I'd be making things worse for her.

Dinah: And us.

 



Gus: ( Coughs )

Alan: Gus?

Gus: What, what?

Alan: Nothing. I just had a bad dream.

Gus: Is it the one where you're all tied up and left to die? Because I had the same one, buddy.

Alan: She won't leave us here. She'll be back.

Gus: Did you hear that?

Alan: I don't hear anything.

Gus: Exactly. Because the furnace quit.

Alan: She won't let this happen to us. She's not that cold-blooded.

Gus: I don't really think we're going to live long enough to find out. And right now, my money is on the pissed off blonde.



Harley: Hey, how's she doing?

Rick: She's doing great. The meds have kicked in; she's getting some really good rest.

Harley: How's the baby doing? Everything okay with the baby?

Rick: Well, except the whole Alan being the father thing, that sickens me. You know, what can you do?

Beth: ( Gasps )

Rick: Oh. Hey, take it easy.

Beth: Alan--

Rick: Take it easy.

Beth: Harley, you're still here?

Rick: Let me get you some water, sweetie; I'll be right back.

Harley: I wanted to return something to you, Beth. You dropped this when you fainted at Company. Yeah, it says Homestead Hills, right? It says Homestead Hills. Mm-hmm. It doesn't ring a bell to me. What is it? Where is it? (Heart monitor beating faster )



Mallet: Actually, I think I might be making two major mistakes here.

Dinah: One being?

Mallet: Passing up dinner with you, obviously.

Dinah: Oh, yes, yes, yes. And what's the second?

Mallet: Setting up for another big fall.

Dinah: How so?

Mallet: Well, Harley thinks Beth is acting strange. And she has, she's been squirrelly as hell, and that's making Harley suspicious.

Dinah: I wonder why. Does it have anything to do with Gus?

Mallet: Well, she doesn't know anything, but it turns out that Beth is pregnant.

Dinah: What? With Alan's baby? Oh, my gosh. No wonder she has been acting so freaky lately. Okay, let's get to the hospital. Come on.

Mallet: Are you... you're not? Dinah youre not.I'm going to miss out on dinner anyway. Besides, I need to speak to Beth.



Rick: Beth, what's going on?

Beth: Nothing.

Rick: Are you okay? Your heart rate's spiking.

Beth: I'm fine. I'm fine.

Rick: Harley, I think it's best for you to step outside, let her calm down for a little bit.

Harley: Oh, sure. You know what? Why don't I just hang on to this for you--

Beth: No, that's okay, I'll take it and put it with my things.

Harley: Homestead Hills, right? Why would you hold onto that thing now?

Beth: Obviously, I forgot to return it.

Rick: This inquisition is not helping, okay, so...

Harley: No problem. No problem. I'll be waiting in the hall.

Rick: She's an emotional wreck, all right? So, you need to give her some time to relax and rest.

Harley: She has been through a lot.

Rick: Please.

Harley: Probably more than she can say.



Gus: ( Coughing )

Alan: There's a pill left. Here, take this pill.

Gus: I don't need a pill. Pain is good. It reminds--

Alan: It will remove the pain and help you think straight, come on.

Gus: No. I want to think like this. I dont want to freeze-- keep my mind off freezing.

Alan: Gus, there are no heroes here. Come on, take this pill.

Gus: I want to stay alive.

Alan: I'm trying to help you stay alive. Don't you understand. Take this.

Gus: You don't care if I live or die. You probably hope I die so you can take my blanket from me.

Alan: Do you really think that I would do that to you?

Gus: Do that to me? You've done a worse. You'd take the shirt off my back.

Alan: To hell with you. To hell with me for even caring.

Gus: Cry me a river. Cry me a river!

 



Josh: I'll make some phone calls and see if I can't track them down.

Cassie: So, is this what you wanted?

Reva: I'm sorry. Hi, sis, how are you doing? What are you talking about?

Cassie: For the happy couple. Is this how you saw it ending up, with Jonathan and Tammy running off disappearing-- maybe getting married, maybe not.

Reva: Okay, so this is my fault? I didn't want them to run off together. You are the one who contributed to this scenario.

Cassie: Me?

Reva: Yes, you. Jonathan didn't run away with Tammy; you pushed her away with both hands.

Cassie: Yeah, well, maybe I did, but at least I was trying to protect her. In the end, she's going see that, but in the meantime, God only knows what Jonathan has gotten her into now.



Jonathan: This thing's history.

Tammy: I still want to know where you've been.

Jonathan: I'll tell if you will.

Tammy: You went after Sandy, didn't you?

Jonathan: Uh-huh.

Tammy: God, what did you do?

Jonathan: Nothing. I couldn't find him. He wasn't at his place, and he wasn't at the gym; he wasn't at the fishing shack. I don't know.

Tammy: Come here. How did you get so messed up?

Jonathan: I was driving around looking for him, and I kept flashing back to busting in on you two in the fishing shack. With you in the wedding dress, and him standing over you in that tux. I don't know, it's like burned in the back of my eyes, and it flipped me out enough I just swerved and went into a ditch.

Tammy: That's how you ended up like this?

Jonathan: No. I just took off running through the woods. Woods-- the world's biggest briar patch. That's...

Tammy: I don't care what happened out there-- what you did or where you went-- as long as you're here now. That's all that matters now. Nothing else matters.

Jonathan: Say that again.

Tammy: Nothing else matters, Jonathan, not when we're together.

Jonathan: That's what I was thinking the whole time. I couldn't wait to be back with you again.

Tammy: You know what I wish?

Jonathan: What?

Tammy: We could be together forever.

Jonathan: We can now, Tammy. We can do that, because there's nothing stopping us anymore.

Tammy: Are you saying you want to make this official, make us official?

Jonathan: Official between me and you?

Tammy: I thought you were going to ask me to marry you yesterday.

Jonathan: Yeah, I know.

Tammy: That's why I went to the fishing shack and put on that dress. I was all set to--

Jonathan: What, have another big show of a wedding?

Tammy: Oh, you think I'm crazy.

Jonathan: No, I don't. I think that you're sweet and that you still have hope, and you just want everything to be right and to look right. But... hey, what we have-- what we've had all along, it's.. well it's private. Almost like a secret.

Tammy: It's ours.

Jonathan: It's ours. And it has nothing to do with what's legal or right. It has nothing to do with what anyone else expects of us. It's between me and you.

Tammy: Me and you. Nothing else matters.

Jonathan: I remember when we first got together, I said "no promises," but now I'd like to change that. We could have our own private vows.

Tammy: Let me go first, please. I, Tammy Winslow, take you, Jonathan Randall, to be my soul mate, my friend, my other half for life. What I am, whatever I hope to be, I share it with to you, I give it to you. Because I know who you are, and I know what you would do for me, and I love you for that. And I love you for everything else about you. There is nothing that could make me not love you, Jonathan. That's my promise.



Cassie: I've got to go find my daughter.

Reva: You make it sound like she has been tied to a set railroad tracks.

Cassie: Well, she is in danger, Reva?

Reva: Because she might marry Jonathan?

Cassie: Yeah, and not just that.

Reva: What?

Cassie: Sandy. He has ignored the restraining order to keep away from her. It's only a matter of time before he and Jonathan have at it. And when that happens, it can only end badly.

Reva: Now, you don't know that for sure. Just--

Cassie: We're not talking about two calm, rational guys here. What do you think is going to happen if Sandy insists that he takes Tammy away from Jonathan? And who gets caught in the middle? Tammy. Except I'm not going to let that happen.

Reva: Does Jeffrey really think that Sandy's that much of a threat?

Cassie: I don't know.

Reva: What do you mean, you don't know?

Cassie: We're taking a break. He moved out.

Reva: Oh, Cassie.

Cassie: But dont... don't stop being mad at me out of pity. Whatever is going to happen with Jeffrey, I will get through it.

Reva: But I don't understand. What happened to make it turn out this way?

Josh: Ah, that would be me.



Alan: ( Groans ) I don't think we're going to get out of here.

Gus: Don't give up yet, because I'm going to get up in a minute. I'm going to get up in a minute.



Dinah: Hey.

Harley: Hi, guys.

Dinah: How are you?

Harley: Hanging in.



Beth: Rick.

Rick: What?

Beth: I've got to get out of here.

Rick: I'd like to keep you another night, just to be on the safe side. Can you bear to be with me that long?

Beth: Fine.

Rick: Okay.

Beth: Hey, Rick, these antibiotics you have given me, are they okay for the baby?

Rick: Absolutely. Just... Beth, try to get some rest. I'm going to get you another room, but don't be a naughty girl and try to run away, okay?

Beth: I have got to get out of here.

Dinah: Beth, I'm glad you're awake.



Harley: I know you think I'm crazy and that my antenna going on about Beth is some by-product of grief, or paranoia, or some other lost thing I'm sure life will throw at me, and that Beth has every reason to be pale, shaky and nervous, because she's sick and she's pregnant and she's morning the lost of the man who fathered that rosemary's baby in there.

Mallet: Oh, my God, you're twisting in the wind.

Harley: You're the objective, rational one who's behaving like a cop and I'm the lunatic who's lost all perspective, I know it.

Mallet: Are you finished?

Harley: Lunatic, objective. Yeah, I'm finished.

Mallet: Okay, good. Because I was going to say I kind of agree with you.

Harley: Oh, you do?

Mallet: Well, listen, I found a little interesting fact today, a little tidbit.

Harley: What, what?

Mallet: Alan Spaulding filed for divorce, and guess when wife Beth received the papers? The night Alan and Gus disappeared.

Harley: And she's my best friend and she doesn't even tell me this?

Mallet: Geez, what a surprise.

Harley: I am so on to that woman. She knows something. I don't care if she's sick, I don't care of she's pregnant, I am going in there and I'm going to shake loose some answers.



Stephanie Gatschet, "Inside The Light."

I grew up in Philly-- filthy-Delphia as we like to call it. Got a lot of pride in Philadelphia. My mom and I are like this. My mom is my best friend in the whole world. We're really lucky that we're extremely close-- just like Tammy and Cassie are extremely close because they've been through a lot together. My mom and I have been through a lot and we just are like the best friends in the world.

See Tammy, Wednesday, March 15, "Inside The Light."



Harley: Where are you going? You're not going in there with me.

Mallet: We both have questions; we go get answers.

Harley: I said I was going to do this alone. What part of that did you not understand?

Mallet: Okay. Okay. Then at least get me up to speed. You said you found something?

Harley: I picked up a key that Beth dropped, when she fainted at Company. And when I showed it to her, her heart monitor went through the roof.

Mallet: What is the key to?

Harley: A room at a spa she's was visiting, Homestead Hills.

Mallet: Homestead Hills, I've never heard of it, but then again, I'm not a spa regular.

Harley: No, neither am I. What are you doing?

Mallet: I'm writing it down, Homestead Hills. I'm going to have my boys check it out.

Harley: Mallet, I told you we're not working on this together.

Mallet: I let you know what I find out.

Harley: Okay.



Beth: I'm really tired and I wasn't expecting visitors.

Dinah: I won't stay long. I just came to reassure you.

Beth: About what?

Dinah: That you and your children can stay in your home as long as you would like if I have any say in the matter.

Beth: What?

Dinah: I'm sure that you know technically the CEO of Spaulding has complete over your home, but you and your children have made it yours, and I am not interested in living there. And now that you have another child on the way--

Beth: Wow, news travels fast, doesn't it?

Dinah: So, if there is anything that you need, I will make sure it happens.

Beth: You want to help me, Dinah?

Dinah: That's why I came.

Beth: Because I need to get out of this hospital tonight.

Dinah: Beth, you have pneumonia and your pregnant. You don't need to be getting up out of anywhere.

Beth: So, you're not going to help me.

Dinah: I just think you should be thinking of the baby. I don't think I should be reminding you of that.

Beth: I would put my life on the line for this baby. That's why I need to get out of here, so I can be a good mother.

Dinah: I don't understand.

Beth: I don't have time to explain. I just need to get out of here!



Mallet: Homestead Hills. Doesn't exist; no such place.

Harley: Well that key unlocks something.

Mallet: Mm-hmm, something she doesn't want anyone to find out about, considering how worked up she got when you showed her the key. You know, she kind of got freaked out by the victim that came in that was killed by his wife. You add in the fact that Alan Spaulding served her divorce papers completely out of the blue, and that would make Beth one angry wife.

Harley: Do you think she could've killed Alan?

Mallet: Why one would say that she has the motive.

Harley: Alan and Gus were together the night they night they disappeared.

Mallet: Don't jump to conclusions.

Harley: I'm not jumping to anything. I am trying to put the pieces together; the same pieces you are putting together.

Mallet: You are trying to draw a link between her and Gus, and we don't have the whole story, do we?

Harley: Let's go and in ask her. Shall we? Mallet, just stay out of my way.



Alan: My family hates me. Everyone, with the exception of Elizabeth.

Gus: Save your... save your energy.

Alan: Alan-Michael betrayed me the minute I brought him back to town. He'll never forget me for side-stepping him in the will. And Phillip's gone and you don't care anything about me. I've been a horrible father. I wish I had another chance. I made a lot of mistakes. I'll never be able to go back. And correct them. Never again.



Reva: Why are you blaming yourself for Cassie and Jeffrey's problems?

Cassie: It isn't Josh's fault. It got to point where I couldn't look at Jeffrey without seeing him in Richard's uniform, taking a glass of wine out my hand and leading me to the bed.

Reva: To the bed?

Cassie: Yeah.

Reva: And how do you fit into all of this?

Josh: A few months ago I went to Cassie with information about Jeffreys past.

Reva: In San Cristobel? Information-- and you acquired this information how? Where did you get it?

Josh: That's not really important, Reva. The point is that I'm the one who started this whole thing.

Cassie: That's not true.

Josh: It is.

Cassie: I didn't even look at the file, I refused it.

Josh: But the whole thing got rolling because of me.

Cassie: Well, I would rather have the truth come out rather than living a lie.

Reva: What happens now?

Cassie: I don't know. Maybe we work it out, and maybe we dont.

Reva: I have faith in you.

Cassie: Thanks. I wish that was enough. Things happen, relationships fail or get cut short, even when you think they're going to last forever.

Josh: This one is not over yet, Cassie.

Cassie: We'll see. It's funny, you know, when you believe that destiny brought you together with someone, you never think you're going to be apart. You think this is it, this is forever. I guess life doesn't always work out that way, does it?

Reva: Sometimes it does.



Jonathan: I, Jonathan Randall... ( laughs ) I can't -- I can't do it like this. I just have to just say what comes out.

Tammy: I'm listening.

Jonathan: That's one of the things I love about you, you're always listening.

Tammy: I'll do that for the rest of our lives.

Jonathan: You know what my life was before you came into it? Nothing. You know what my life would be like if I lost you? Nothing.

Tammy: You won't lose me.

Jonathan: No, I won't. And I will do everything to make you happy and safe, even if that means that I have to... there is nothing that I wouldn't do to protect you, no risk I wouldn't take. Because you... you have this light and it shines so bright around you, sometimes it hurts my eyes to look at you. And the thought of anyone doing anything to put that light out, or even dim it...

Tammy: It's okay. It's okay.

Jonathan: I am-- you're right. Because as long as I'm breathing, no one is ever going to hurt you. And that's my promise. There will never be anything more important to me than you in my life. I'm yours and you're mine forever. You sure?

Tammy: Yes.

Jonathan: You know once we do this...

Tammy: There's no going back. I know that. I want this, Jonathan. I want you. God, I want you.



Beth: Oh, look at this, I have both the past and present CEO's of Spaulding's in the same place. I must really rate.

Harley: Can I ask you something about the night Alan disappeared?

Beth: I don't really feel like talking about that, Harley.

Mallet: Hey, so can anyone crash the party? How you feeling, Beth.

Beth: I'm tired, actually, and I would really like to be alone.

Harley: We're just having some girl talk. You can go.

Mallet: Okay. It's got to be weird, and be so tough to find out your pregnant, and know he will never see the child he gave you.

Beth: Yes.

Harley: And that same father slams you with divorce papers and then vanishes that same night.

Beth: Is this an investigation?

Harley: No, not at all.

Mallet: Uh-uh.

Dinah: They're cops, Beth. Give them a break. They're cops even when they're trying to be friends.

Beth: In that case, friends, I really have had enough of this. And Rick says I need to get my rest. And in fact, I'm feeling pretty sleepy, so if you don't mind.

Dinah: Okay, I think that the lady needs some rest. So come on, Officers, let's give it to her.



Josh: Do you really think they went through with it?

Reva: Tammy and Jonathan?

Josh: Yeah.

Reva: Why not?

Josh: Actually, I can think about 500 reasons why not.

Reva: Really? And I can really think of 500 reasons why they should, which outweighs your 500 reasons why they should not.

Josh: Let me guess: Love.

Reva: Yeah, love.

Josh: What about that destiny thing that Cassie was talking about, do you believe that?

Reva: Did you hear my speech in Oklahoma?

Josh: I did. And it's been on my mind quite a bit lately.

Reva: Why?

Josh: Because when I got to the accident scene, you were unconscious, out. And at one point you stopped breathing, and in the process of trying to get you breathing again, I had this thought: Can it really all end like this? Can it really all end without us having the chance to--

Reva: Joshua?

Josh: You know I usually take a different route home. I take at left on 42 and follow that all of the way.

Reva: It's so boring. There's nothing to see.

Josh: I know, I know. But it's practical. That night I realized that my rear tire was low, so I wanted so took a right instead of a left, and that's how I found you.

Reva: A right instead of a left?

Josh: A tire that needed air.

Reva: Destiny?

Josh: Destiny.



What's wrong what's right the answer is nobody knows

how long do we hide the secret dying to be told

I'm not afraid of what anybody has to say, say it's a tie

can you love me, do you love me

will you love me with the lights on yeah, when the lights are on

let the world see, hey, that our love is strong

and if everyone is watching us let them watch, let them talk

just believe what we need is what we are

can you love me with the lights on ( humming )

Jonathan: You're everything.

You see I've changed you're the only one that knows

we've made mistakes isn't that the way that it goes

don't be afraid of living this love out loud

you know it's our time can you love

will you love me with the lights on, yeah when the lights are on

let the world see, hey, that our love is strong

and if everyone is watching us let them watch, let them talk

just believe what we need is what we are

I'll shine a light I'll shine around

you shine like a star like an angel

can you love me will you love me with the lights on

can you love me with the lights on.



Josh: Listen, I know I've been all over the place lately...

Reva: Wow, that's usually the way I start my speeches.

Josh: Things are complicated with Billy and the house, and...

Reva: Olivia.

Josh: Actually, wasn't going to say that, but things have changed since the accident.

Cassie: Tammy is still not answering her cell phone, and none of her friends know where she is. So I've got to start moving.

Reva: Where are you going to start looking for her?

Cassie: Anywhere I can think of to start looking for her. I'm not about to lose someone else in my life.



Tammy: I can feel your heart beating.

Jonathan: Yeah. It's swallowing time.

Tammy: Yeah. Hmm, it's like we left the whole world behind us. Just you and me. And this bed. I like it.

Jonathan: You're safe this time. ( Knock on the door )

Man: Yeah, excuse me, Mr. Huxley, management would like to know if you're staying another day.

Jonathan: Yeah, um ... yes, I am. And if anyone comes here for me, I'm not here. Understand? I just got married. There you go.

Man: Congratulations.

Jonathan: Thank you.

Tammy: Mr. Huxley?

Jonathan: Yeah. Don't worry, I used a fake name, but I gave him real money.

Tammy: So everything is okay?

Jonathan: Uh-huh. Everything is always going to be okay, as long as we're together.



Alan: Gus! Gus! Don't give up! Don't give up, Gus!



Dinah: She's at the elevator, she might hear you.

Mallet: Don't worry about it. She won't know we set her up.

Harley: I set her up. Thank you for all of your help, but I can take it from here.

Mallet: Tell me you don't think it will lead directly to Gus... tell me that?

Harley: I think that Beth can fill in some blanks. I think she may have some answers. If it tells me anything about Gus or Alan, I want to know it. I want to know what that stuff is.

Mallet: Okay, and then what? Then what?

Harley: And then follow it wherever it leads.



Next on "Guiding Light"...

You both are not going anywhere until I say what I have to say.

Tammy: I will always remember this as the night my life really started.

Alan: You are going to pay for this!

Beth: ( Gasping )

