












 Monday 5/8/01



















Monday 5/8/01







Ethan: You're so beautiful.
Theresa: I love you. I'm yours, now and forever. I'm yours.
Ethan: Wait. Wait.
Theresa: What's wrong?
Ethan: I have a confession to make.
Julian: Got you.
Rebecca: Oh! Oh, but, baron, I'm just an innocent maiden.
Julian: Whose time has come, it’s maiden plucking season, wench. You're the
ripest of the ripe.
Rebecca: Ah! Oh! Oh, you naughty baron.
Julian: Yes, guilty as charged. Carry out your sentence.
Rebecca: Oh, you naughty, naughty, naughty baron.
Julian: I'm a very, very, very bad baron. Oh!
[Rebecca giggles]
Rebecca: Oh. If only our kids could see us now.
Julian: Youth is wasted on the young.
Rebecca: Mmm. If I only knew then what I know now, this would've been my bed,
my room, my house, years ago.
Julian: We'd have gone through several beds -- dozens of beds.
Rebecca: Yes. And Gwen would've married Ethan. Oh, they somehow would've
worked things out. Oh, poor Gwen. She's just pining away.
Julian: She'll get over him.
Rebecca: No, Julian, she won’t. Gwen wants Ethan and no one else.
Julian: Well, you better set her straight, Rebecca, and fast. Tell her to
forget about Ethan and go for the money. Tell her to not play the fool. Sheridan
is already filling that role. My sister's gone completely cuckoo.
Rebecca: Oh, really? I thought she'd just found true love.
Julian: True insanity is what she's found. Money is what brings you
happiness. Love gives you nothing but -- but heartache.
Sheridan: As I was falling asleep, I remember you saying something about
asking me a question, a question that would change both of our lives forever.
Luis: Yeah, you're right.
[Noise]
Sam: What was that?
Tabitha: What?
Sam: That noise. It was the same noise we heard a second ago. It's like a
dull roar. Only this time it was louder. You said it was nothing.
Tabitha: Now, I -- I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about, Sam. What
roar?
Reese: Oh, come off it, Tabitha. You heard the noise.
Simone: We all did.
Timmy: How's Tabby going to get out of this one?
Sam: Well, I think I'd better check it out.
Tabitha: No. No, no, no. You don't want to do that.
Reese: Why not? What's wrong? You know, I asked you before, but you didn't
answer. Are you hiding something?
Timmy: If they find Tabby's friends in the basement, everybody's done for.

Luis: Yeah, you're right. The question I’m about to ask you will change both
of our lives forever.
Sheridan: Well, how do you know what my answer will be?
Luis: Well, no matter what your answer is, it'll change my life forever.
Sheridan: Well, the sooner you ask me the question, the sooner I can give you
an answer and the sooner we can start the life I’ve always dreamed of having.
But we could just save some time and I could give you an answer before you even
ask the question.
Luis: No. Not so fast. Seeing as though I only plan on asking this question
once in my life, I want to do it the old-fashioned way.
Sheridan: Ask any way you want.
Luis: Ok. But not here, come on.
Luis: The living room gets too much traffic. Besides, I don't want anyone
barging in on us.
Sheridan: Good thinking.
Luis: And if you get bored with the question, you could just jump under the
covers and nod off again.
Sheridan: Oh, no. There will be no nodding off this time. You have my
undivided attention, no matter what.
Luis: Uh -- question first, then the kiss.
Julian: Now, let's see. Where were we before we were so rudely interrupted? I
believe my hand was right about here.
Rebecca: Ah!
[Knock on door]
Rebecca: Oh. Rudely interrupted part two.
Julian: Who could that be? It certainly isn't Ivy. She'd need a roadmap to
find my bedroom. Come in!
Gwen: I'm really sorry to disturb you, but -- what the hell are you wearing?
Rebecca: What -- what is it, Gwen? What -- is something wrong?
Gwen: Um -- I -- I heard on the news that there was some sort of explosion at
the Bennett house. And they said that Ethan was there, and I’m afraid he might
be hurt.
Julian: Don't tell me they're still talking about Ethan on the news?
Gwen: Well, they refer to him as an ex-Crane.
Julian: Oh. That makes sense.
Gwen: Anyway, I don't know how to get hold of him to see -- to see if he's
hurt. Do you know what could've happened?
Julian: Indeed, we do. We were there.
Julian: For the love of all --
Julian: It was, to say the very least, one of the more bizarre evenings of my
life. It would appear that the Bennett’s -- he being Ethan’s father, she being
of the tomato soup cake -- are going to have a wee bit of redecorating to do.
Gwen: So, then, you saw Ethan?
Rebecca: Yes.
Gwen: And is -- is he ok?
Rebecca: Well, physically, yes. The explosion didn't hurt him.
Gwen: Oh, thank God.
Rebecca: Yes, the real explosion in Ethan’s life is going to happen when he
finds out that Theresa knew all along that he was not a Crane. Now, that is
going to be a sight to behold, and I cannot wait.
Theresa: Confession? What are you talking about? Have you fallen in love with
someone else?
Ethan: Theresa --
Theresa: I mean, is that it? No -- no. You love me. I love you.
Ethan: Yes, I love you. Only you.
Theresa: Then what is it that you have to confess?
Ethan: Well, I have to confess that -- well; I've always been thinking about
how I can love a woman so unconditionally. I mean, you can't be perfect. There's
got to be something wrong with you. So I decided to do a thorough analysis.
Theresa: Oh?
Ethan: Mm-hmm. From head to toe, front to back, all around. And I couldn't
come up with anything I didn't love. Not even a freckle on your nose. I love
your toes, your eyes, and your kneecaps --
Theresa: My kneecaps?
Ethan: Your kneecaps, they're sheer perfection. Your eyebrows, your lips, and
the way you smile --
Theresa: Ethan.
Ethan: Wait. Wait. I'm not finished yet. That was just the physical side, the
exterior. So then I asked myself -- I started -- I started thinking, ‘what makes
you my Theresa?’ Well, it's -- it's your heart and mind, your loving, caring,
sweet nature. Your honesty. You are everything to me. You -- you are all that I
ever wanted. You are my dream come true.
Theresa: Now may I kiss you?
Ethan: You may.
Sam: Well, I really think I should have a look, I mean, find out what's
making that roar, whatever it is.
Tabitha: Don't waste your time, Sam. It's -- it's really not necessary.
Reese: I think it is. I think you're hiding something.
Tabitha: My dear boy --
Miguel: Come on, Reese, all right? What could Tabitha possibly be hiding?
Sam: Oh, it's locked.
Tabitha: Is it?
Sam: Yeah. Where do you keep the key, Tabitha?
Tabitha: Oh, the key. Now, where is that --
Kay: Oh, I saw a key. I saw a key right over here on the -- table. That's
funny. I could've sworn it was right there.
Sam: Well, it's got to be someplace… a cupboard, a drawer?
Tabitha: Huh? Oh, yes. I put it -- I'm getting so absent-minded these days.
Grace: But, Tabitha, doesn't the noise bother you?
Tabitha: What noise?
Reese: That roaring down in the basement!
Tabitha: Not in the least. First of all, it's hardly a roar. And, secondly, I
know exactly what it is. It's the old pipes, and they sometimes act up.
Charity: Tabitha, are you sure it's just the old pipes?
Tabitha: Yes, yes. They're thick with rust, dear.
Charity: Because it sounds really familiar; kind of scary, actually.
Tabitha: What are you doing over there?
Reese: Look at all these shoes.
Tabitha: Oh, those old things, yes.
Reese: There's dozens of pairs. Mostly men's.
Timmy: Who do all these shoes belong to?
Tabitha: Oh, people who got on my nerves over the years. The town crier with
that damned bell of his. And the pious ninny from the temperance league. That
pushy salesman who just would not take no for an answer. And then there was the
annoying pizza boy who always said, &quot;Have a nice day.&quot; I have a thing for old
shoes. I don't know why, but -- what do you want that for?
Reese: Because I'm going to find out what's in the basement once and for all.
Tabitha: No! No, no, no, no, don't!
Reese: Why not? What are you afraid of?
Tabitha: Me, afraid? Don't be silly.
Reese: What are you hiding, Tabitha? What do witches hide in their basements?
Miguel: Reese, you need to lay off the witch stuff, ok?
Tabitha: Ross is such a card, isn't he? He's always joking around with me. He
loves to think I'm a witch. That's what happens when you get old, Grace. Of
course, you've got a few years to go yet. But mark my words -- one day all the
kids in the neighborhood will be calling you a witch and saying you live in a
haunted house.
Reese: Do you?
Grace: Reese -- I really think you're being rude.
Tabitha: Never mind, Grace. Doesn't matter to me if he wants to make up
stories.
Reese: Hey, after tonight, I'd be willing to believe in anything -- even
witches. But, you know, if you let us down in the basement and the only thing we
found down there were some rusty pipes, well, maybe I'd be willing to quit
believing.
Tabitha: I'd be happy to let you down in my basement, but I don't have the
key. And I can't allow you to mar my beautiful woodwork with a crowbar. Sam, if
the sound of my old pipes bothers you, then perhaps you and your family
shouldn't stay here -- as much as I'd love having you as my houseguests.
Timmy: Not.
Tabitha: Sometimes those pipes kick up an awful din, and you might not be
able to sleep at night. And I wouldn't want you to be sleep-deprived on top of
everything else. Perhaps it would be better if you all bunked up over at the
Russell’s'.
Sam: Unfortunately, they have a full house.
Grace: Yeah, and Kay’s going to stay at Miguel’s.
Sam: There are still four of us.
Grace: You're the only one with extra rooms, Tabitha.
Sam: Unless there's some other reason you don't want us staying here.
Rebecca: Before long, my clothes will be hanging in every closet in this
entire mansion.
Gwen: I'm glad you're happy, but my problem is a little more personal.
Rebecca: Oh, I'm getting to you, dear. But first I wanted to update you on my
situation here, which could not be better. Julian is completely under my thumb.
I'm using sex to control him.
Gwen: I don't want the sordid details, Mother. I just want to know about me.
Rebecca: Well, you and Ethan will be living in the east wing. That is until
you build your own home, which Julian is very generously going to provide for
you.
Gwen: And you think Julian will accept Ethan back into his life again?
Rebecca: It's all going to happen, Sweetheart.
Gwen: Even though Ethan isn't Julian’s son?
Rebecca: Julian denies me nothing. Oh, sex is a very powerful tool, believe
me.
Gwen: But blood is thicker than water, and Ethan isn't Crane blood.
Rebecca: Julian doesn't want to admit it, but I can tell he still cares about
Ethan. That way, when I am Mrs. Crane, it won't be difficult for me to persuade
Julian to adopt Ethan, turning him back into a Crane.
Gwen: I don't care what Ethan is. I just -- I just want him to love me again.
Rebecca: He will.
Gwen: I care about him so much. He's -- he's all I can think about.
Rebecca: I know.
Gwen: I'll do anything I have to do to get him back.
Rebecca: Oh, honey, you don't have to do anything. Just sit back and wait
till you and Ethan can just march down the aisle.
Gwen: And when will that be?
Rebecca: Well, first we have to get rid of that rotten bride-to-be. Of
course, that's not going to take very long. Not once Ethan finds out that
Theresa knew all along that he wasn't a Crane and, that it was from her computer
that the tabloid got Ivy's letter to Sam that she never sent -- the letter
telling him that he was Ethan’s father, not Julian.
Gwen: Knowing Theresa, she'll probably admit she knew Ethan wasn't a Crane
but deny sending the letter.
Rebecca: Oh, she can deny it till she's blue in the face.
Gwen: But she didn't send it. You did.
Rebecca: Well, that's true. But since I sent it from Theresa’s computer, they
can only trace it back to her, no one else. No one will ever know that I sent
it. And that way, when Ethan feels deceived, he'll erupt, and that will be the
end of Ethan and Theresa.
Gwen: And a new beginning for me.
Rebecca: Hmm. Do you suppose the two lovebirds are at Theresa’s?
Gwen: I don't know. I don't know where they are.
Rebecca: Well, maybe you should check it out, see if there's some way that
you can get in the way.
Ethan: I love you.
Theresa: I wish I could put into words the things that I’m feeling. So many
beautiful, wonderful sensations.
Ethan: Theresa, I will always be open and honest with you. I will never
betray your love.
Pilar: Did you say that you are going to sleep with Ethan after you tell him
that you knew he was a Bennett so he'll stay with you?
Theresa: Mama, this is the only way. If Ethan sleeps with me, he will never
leave me.
Pilar: You -- you can tell Ethan the truth, but I forbid you to sleep with
him. Do you hear me, Theresa? I forbid it!
Rebecca: Oh, there you are. I thought you'd run out on me.
Julian: Oh, no. I've been about, waiting for you to conclude your
conversation with your lovely daughter. She looked rather pale. Is she all
right?
Rebecca: Hmm. I'm afraid Gwen is obsessed. She's got a one-track mind. She
can't think of anything but Ethan.
Julian: Yeah. I fear that I have been of single focus myself of late --
separating Luis and Sheridan.
Rebecca: Oh, I thought you'd already solved that problem. I mean, using the
Luis look-alike mask is the perfect way to split them up.
Julian: It's a splendid idea, if I do say so myself, and it did break them up
once before. Sheridan was weak. She allowed Luis to crawl back into her life.
But this time it'll be different. She walks in, finds Luis in bed with a very
desirable woman, and --
Rebecca: Hmm, the ultimate betrayal.
Julian: She'll never forgive him.
Rebecca: I think she might even leave Harmony. I mean, she'd be so
embarrassed; she'd have to save face.
Julian: Well, last time she went off to Paris. Perhaps this time she'll fly
off to parts unknown -- who knows, maybe one of those far-east countries where
people disappear, never to be seen again.
Rebecca: Yeah, that would solve your problem. You'd be back in your father's
good graces.
Julian: Yes. Heir to the throne once again. Be able to relax and give my full
attention to my favorite playmate.
Rebecca: Uh-uh-uh -- wife-to-be.
Julian: What do you have in store for me, my wife-to-be? Something different,
perchance?
Rebecca: Oh, I have all kinds of goodies in store for you, baron. Have you
ever done it under the stars?
Julian: Countless times.
Rebecca: Let me finish. Have you ever done it under the stars as night
watchman and cat burglar?
Julian: Yeah.
Rebecca: Meow.
Julian: Ooh, lead on, wench.
Luis: Sheridan, I love you.
Sheridan: I love you, too.
Luis: You know; you've shown me what love is. I never knew what it could be
like till I met you.
Sheridan: I feel the same way.
Luis: You're the morning sun. You're the evening stars. You fill up my life.
In case you think this is all corny, you can stop me at any time.
Sheridan: Corny? I've waited my entire life to hear this.
Luis: Oh. Well, in that case --
Luis: Sheridan --
Sheridan: Oh -- oh.
Luis: What?
Sheridan: I just remembered the dream I had when I was sleeping out there.
Luis: Well, was it a good dream?
Sheridan: Yes, it was a very good dream. It was about what it would be like
when the man I love proposes to me.
Luis: And did he propose to you in your bedroom?
Sheridan: No, not in bed. It was actually quite different.
Luis: What about the man? Was he different?
Theresa: Ethan.
Ethan: It feels so good.
Theresa: I want you so much.
Gwen: That bitch.
Sam: Well, is there some other reason -- I mean, aside from the noisy pipes
-- why you don't want us staying here, Tabitha?
Tabitha: Of course not, Sam. What other reason could there possibly be?
Reese: I bet you anything there is one, and I'm going to find out what it is.
Kay: Reese, no, you're not. You're going to cool it. Mom, Dad, I think it's a
great idea for you guys to stay here at Tabitha’s. I mean, you're going to be
close to the bed and breakfast, so you can keep an eye on things. And you'll be
right next door to the property, so you can decide if you want to build another
house or just go buy a new one.
Grace: Yeah, you're right.
Kay: And school is so close that Jessica and Charity can still walk, so it's
really the perfect solution.
Simone: Yeah, it's perfect for Kay. She gets to be alone with Miguel in his
house. Your sister doesn't even know the word of &quot;give up.&quot;
Jessica: Tell me about it.
Timmy: Big mistake, princess. You should have never invited them to stay.
Tabitha: Oh, don't I know it.
Timmy: You're in a real fix now.
Tabitha: Oh, I was only being polite. I never dreamed they'd take me up on
it.
Timmy: If they open the door to the basement -- oh.
Tabitha: What happened to their house will be nothing compared to what will
happen here.
Sam: So, what's it going to be, Tabitha? Are we staying?
Timmy: Timmy smells big trouble.
Singer: You are my passion for life
Gwen: Damn her.
Theresa: What is it?
Ethan: This isn't right.
Theresa: Did I do something wrong?
Ethan: No, no.
Theresa: Tell me, because I want to do what you want.
Ethan: You didn't do anything wrong. You're perfect. When two people love
each other the way we do, they can't do anything wrong.
Theresa: Well, then, why did you just pull away?
Ethan: Because I -- I foolishly didn't think of something. I didn't think
we'd get this far, and I didn't want to be presumptuous.
Theresa: I -- I don't understand. What?
Ethan: Protection. I don't have any.
Theresa: Um --
Ethan: This is -- you know, the way things are with -- I don't have a job. We
don't have any money. I don't have any money. I think the last thing we want
right now is a baby. So I -- I guess I can go get some condoms.
Theresa: Yeah, I mean, you're right. We have to act responsibly.
Ethan: Right. Stay right here. I'll be right back.
Theresa: Ok.
Theresa: Oh. I can't wait till we make love, Ethan. There's so much I want to
tell you.
Theresa: Did you forget something?
Grace: We won't stay if you don't want us to, Tabitha. We can go to a motel.
Tabitha: Of course I want you to stay, Grace. You're my very dear friends.
Timmy: Soon to be ex-friends.
Grace: I guess it's settled, then.
Sam: We're very grateful, Tabitha.
Tabitha: Oh, no need for thanks, Sam. No need at all.
Grace: Well, it's -- it's getting late.
Sam: Yeah.
Charity: So you'll look after Miguel while I’m gone?
Kay: Of course I will.
Charity: After everything we've been through, I really feel like we're all
bonded for life.
Kay: Bonded --
Charity: And --
Kay: Right.
Charity: We have to stick together. We can't let anything separate us.
Charity: Good-bye, Miguel. Good-bye. Good-bye. Good-bye.
Jessica: Charity? Is something wrong?
Charity: I don't know. I just have this premonition that I was saying
good-bye to Miguel and he just kept fading away. I really don't know why I would
have a vision like that. I mean, what would be separating us? What would be
pulling us apart?
Jessica: I don't know, but I think you should tell Miguel about your
premonition.
Charity: No, he's -- he's not in any physical danger. And the first thing
that he would think is that I was insecure about our love, and that's really the
last thing that I want.
Jessica: I guess you're right.
Charity: He's been through a lot, so the last thing I want to do is upset
him.
Simone: Better keep it to yourself, Charity.
Charity: Well, I'm depending on you to look after him, ok?
Kay: Charity, I promise I will do everything within my power to make him
happy.
Charity: Thanks.
Simone: If Charity knew that you sold your soul to the devil to get Miguel,
she wouldn't even let you in a hundred miles of him.
Rebecca: Meow.
Julian: Is that an alley cat I hear?
Rebecca: You haven't lived till you've been in my alley.
Julian: Ooh. I can't wait.
Rebecca: Yes, but you're going to have to. You see, I didn't come here to --
[Rebecca purrs] cat around. I came here to steal your jewels.
Julian: Oh. Be still my heart.
Rebecca: Would you like that?
Julian: Oh, yes, please. Please steal them.
Rebecca: Oh, meow. Meow.
Luis: What was that?
Sheridan: A cat.
Luis: A cat? I thought you said there weren't any cats on the estate.
Sheridan: Well, there aren't. We don't have any. But one could have gotten in
from the outside. Now, where were we? Come on. You were wondering if the man in
my dreams looked like you. And, yes, he did.
Rebecca: So where do you keep your jewels?
Julian: Shh.
Rebecca: What?
Julian: Sheridan.
 Luis: So I looked like the man from your dream.
Sheridan: Yes. But he wasn't proposing to me on a bed. It was in this
beautiful garden next to a lovely fountain with exquisite flowers just
everywhere.
Luis: Wow. Sounds romantic.
Sheridan: But you know what? We're getting off track because you were going
to ask me -- or, should I say, pop the question. So, pop away.
 Julian: God, he's about to ask her to marry him. We have to do something.
Theresa: What are you doing here, Gwen?
Gwen: Have I caught you at a bad time? Sorry.
Theresa: What do you want?
Gwen: Nothing from you. I came to see how Ethan was. I heard he was at the
Bennett house during the explosion.
Theresa: He wasn't hurt. But you must have seen that.
Gwen: How?
Theresa: He just left a minute ago. You couldn't have missed him.
Gwen: Oh, yeah, you're right. I did see him. Though he didn't see me, he was
in such a hurry. Pretty hot to get those condoms, I guess, huh?
Theresa: What?
Gwen: He was practically sprinting. So, Theresa, what are you up to?
Theresa: I want you to leave, Gwen.
Gwen: I'm sure you do.
Theresa: This is my house.
Gwen: I asked you a simple question.
Theresa: What Ethan and I do is none of your business.
Gwen: I imagine it's been a while since Ethan slept with a virgin. You are
still a virgin, aren't you, Theresa? You and Ethan haven't made love yet, have
you?
Theresa: And what's it to you? You and Ethan had sex when you mistakenly
thought that you were going to marry him.
Gwen: No, it was never about marriage. Ethan and I slept together for the
pure joy and pleasure of it.
Theresa: And that's why what Ethan and I have is so different. He loves me,
truly loves me, and nobody else.
Gwen: Dream on.
Theresa: And I love him. And we're going to get married, we're going to have
a family, grow old together, and love each other every day for the rest of our
lives.
Gwen: A word of advice to you -- don't count your chickens. You are a long,
long way from the altar.
Kay: Don't even think about telling Charity that I sold my soul to the devil
to be with Miguel.
Simone: After all you've been through, you would think it would've taught you
something, but it's still the same old Kay.
Kay: No, you're wrong. I did learn something -- only the strong survive.
Simone: But, Kay, now that you've seen evil up close, doesn't it make you
want to do good? I mean, don't you feel like you owe something to Charity and
Miguel?
Kay: Owe Charity something? Simone, if she hadn't come to Harmony; Miguel
would be mine.
Simone: You keep saying that --
Kay: He told me that.
Simone: To make you feel good.
Kay: Simone, I don't owe Charity a thing. And instead of worrying about what
I’m doing, maybe you'd better worry about what your sister and Chad are doing
instead.
Tabitha: That Kay. She's a girl after my own heart, Tim Tim.
Timmy: Wicked.
Tabitha: Never gives up. Never. Even after all the evil she's been through,
here she is, still scheming to win Miguel.
Timmy: Timmy hopes it works out for her, that she gets him.
Tabitha: Yes, well, it'll break Charity's heart. That's a big plus.
Timmy: She'll be unhappy for a while, but it'll free her up to be with Timmy.
Tabitha: Always thinking of yourself, selfish twit.
Timmy: And while Charity's living here, Timmy can put the moves on her and
steal her away from Miguel.
Tabitha: Hold your horses, Timmy. I haven't given the Bennett’s the key to
the house yet.
Timmy: What's Tabby cooking up?
Miguel: Look, just be straight with me. All right, is there any reason at all
why Charity would be in danger staying here?
Reese: Well, I don't have anything concrete. I guess as long as Chief
Bennett’s here, it should be ok.
Miguel: Yeah.
Tabitha: Sam, Grace -- I know how close you are as a family and you don't
want to be separated any more than you already are.
Sam: No, that's right. We don't want to be separated.
Grace: But we'll do what we have to.
Tabitha: Well, the problem is I only have two guest rooms -- twin beds in
one, single in another. And so I can only put three of you up.
Grace: Well, that's fine, Tabitha, because only three of us will be staying.
Sheridan: Where are you going?
Luis: Just hold the answer to my question, will you?
Sheridan: But you haven't asked it yet.
Luis: I know, but before I do, there's something I need to do.
Sheridan: Luis --
Luis: Just -- I'll be right back.
Sheridan: Whatever you have to do can wait until you -- ask me the question.
Brilliant, Sheridan. Just brilliant. Here you have the love of your life about
to ask you to marry him, and you have to blab about your stupid dream of him
proposing to you in a garden.
Julian: Yes.
Rebecca: What?
Julian: Oh, it's just too sweet.
Rebecca: Oh, are you thinking what I’m thinking?
Julian: What a perfect way to cause them both the pain they so richly
deserve.
Grace: That's right. Only three of us will be staying.
Sam: Grace --
Grace: Look, Sam --
Sam: There are four of us.
Grace: I can count.
Sam: What are you talking about, three?
Grace: The girls will stay in the twin beds in one room, and I will stay in
the single bed in the other.
Sam: But what about me?
Grace: You're leaving, Sam.
Sam: What?
Grace: Look, it's really quite simple. I don't think you should be staying
here with the girls and me. So it's -- it's settled, then. The girls and I will
be moving in with you.
Theresa: What are you talking about, Gwen? Ethan and I are getting married.
There's nothing standing in our way. I've got nothing to worry about.
Gwen: Don't you?
Theresa: No.
Gwen: Then why are you so nervous? Why are you suddenly so worried?
Theresa: I'm not.
Gwen: Of course you are because you know. You know it's not going to happen.
You and Ethan are not getting married. Your secret is going to come out, and you
are going to lose him.&nbsp;


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 5/11/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 5/11/01






Proofread by  Elissia  Sheridan: I ruined everything by finding the ring, didn't
I?
Luis: Of course not.
Sheridan: You wanted it to be a surprise.
Luis: I just wanted my proposal to live up to your dreams.
Sheridan: I don't care about all that.
Luis: What about me? It's a once-in-a-lifetime thing. I just want to do it right.
Sheridan: But if we wait too long --Luis: What, you think I'm going to change my mind?Sheridan: I -- I don't know. I just -- I can't shake this
feeling that there's someone out
there trying to come between us.
Don't wait to ask me
to marry you.
If you do, it may never happen.
Julian: Oh, oh, oh. Sorry to break up the romance,
sister dear.
But trust me, the alternative
would be far more unpleasant
for both of us, and terminal
for you.
[Knock on door]
Julian: Come in. Fake Luis: You wanted to see me, Mr. Crane?
Julian: Yes. We need to put the finishing
touches on your upcoming
performance.
Fake Luis: Good, because I have a few questions
about my character.
Julian: Just get over yourself.
This is not Stanislavsky.
Bring the mask?
Fake Luis: Right here. You want me to put it on?
Julian: Well done. No wonder you're so expensive.
I've worked out some
of the details.
Here.
Julian: Well? Fake Luis: I can make this work.
Julian: Well, I should hope so.
I'm paying you enough.
If you do your job,
there's no way my sister's love
affair with Officer. Lopez-Fitzgerald will
ever survive.Gwen: Mother? Do you have a minute?
Rebecca: Well, yeah, just a minute.
I mean, Julian's waiting for me
in there with a meeting.
Oh.
Oh, those shadows, Gwennie.
Oh, you can't let Ethan see
you with those rings under
your eyes.
Gwen: I know, I didn't get a wink of sleep last night.
Rebecca: Well, why on earth not?
Oh, I would think the taco queen
would be the one tossing
and turning after you paid
her a visit.
Gwen: Well, she was pretty rattled.
She couldn't quite figure out
how I knew she was keeping
a secret from Ethan.
Oh, it was all I could not
to just nail her to the wall
right then and there.
Rebecca: Well, thank goodness you held back or she might have
realized that we're the ones
that sent that e-mail about
Ethan and Sam Bennett
to the tabloid.
Gwen: You did that, not me. Rebecca: Oh, and you're going to thank me for it when you wind
up with Ethan.
Gwen: Do you really believe we can pull this off?
Rebecca: Trust me. We just have to bide our time
till our little bombshell has
its maximum effect.
Patience is the key here.
You do understand that,
don't you?
Oh, my God.
I know that look in your eye.
You haven't told anyone
Theresa's secret, have you?Theresa: I wish I knew why Mrs. Crane wanted to see me.
Whitney: Well, you won't be in suspense for much longer,
Theresa.
Pilar: Teresita? What is it, mama?
Theresa: Oh, mama, I'm in trouble.
Pilar: Well, tell me you did not disobey me last night.
Theresa: No. No, no, no, no.
I -- I'm still a virgin.
You can rest easy.
It was stupid of me to think
that I could sleep with Ethan
so that he wouldn't be mad at me
when I told him the truth.
Whitney: That's what I told her, too, Ms. Lopez Fitzgerald.
Pilar: Thank God that for once you heeded the advice
of your mother and your best
friend.
Theresa: That's not exactly what stopped me, mama.
Pilar: Que paso? Theresa: Gwen came over to the house last night
and she knows that I've been
keeping a secret from Ethan.
Whitney: Well, Theresa, you don't know that
for sure, ok?
Gwen could be bluffing.
You don't know.
Theresa: But she seemed so smug.
Now, what if she does know
the whole story and she turned
me in to Ethan's mother?
Now Mrs. Crane called me over
here this morning.
Pilar: Teresita, that's not that unusual.
You're still her assistant.
And besides, how would Gwen find
out that you knew that Ethan was
Sam Bennett's son?
Theresa: I don't know. But if she did, everyone will
think that I'm the one who sent
the letters to the tabloid when
I did not.
And Ethan will never want
to look at me again
and Mrs. Crane will kill me.Ethan: I'm going to find out who knew I was Sam Bennett's son
and didn't tell me.
Whitney: Theresa is doing this for all the wrong reasons.
She's making love to Ethan
so that she can show him how
much she loves him,
how committed she is to him.
Chad: Oh, and she thinks that he won't hate her once she tells
him that she knew the truth
about Chief Bennett being
his real father and keeping it
from him.
Whitney: Yeah, I mean, she's using sex to try to hold
on to Ethan.
She's just afraid that if Ethan
knows that she's been lying
to him this whole time,
she's afraid she's going to lose
him.
Chad: Hey, Ethan, man, you got to let this go.
I mean, the truth will come out
on its own sooner or later.
Ethan: Well, I'm not going to wait till later.
Look, Chad, this is eating me up
inside.
You of anybody should
understand.
Chad: Yeah, but you're so hot for payback, suppose you go
after the wrong person,
you know?
I mean, maybe somebody out there
knew the truth and then kept it
a secret from you because
they didn't want to hurt you.
Ethan: Look, I don't buy it. I'm not proud of it, but I'm not
going to rest easy until I hurt
the person that hurt me.
Theresa: I got the message that you wanted me to come right
over, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Theresa, I am going to be
your mother-in-law soon.
You'd better stop being
so formal.
Theresa: Oh. I will do my best.
Ivy: Yes, well, you'd better. Now, Whitney, I'm glad you're
here, too.
Come on in.
Whitney: She still didn't say why it was so urgent for us
to come over here.
Theresa: Oh, who cares? As long as it's not what I was
afraid of.
I dodged another bullet.
Mrs. Crane doesn't know that
I knew about Ethan and
Sam Bennett.
Ivy: Theresa, I want you to meet Abigail.
Abigail is my personal
dressmaker.
Whitney is Theresa's
best friend, and of course
you know Pilar.
Abigail: Yes. Pilar: Hello. Abigail: Hi. You didn't exaggerate,
Mrs. Crane.
Your son's fiancée is simply ravishing.
Ivy: Well, of course she is. I've asked Abigail to rework
my old wedding dress
into something new for you,
just whatever style you want.
Theresa: Oh, mama and I could've done that.
Ivy: No, no, no, no. I'm sorry.
A bride should not sew
her own wedding dress.
Abigail: No, no. Ivy: And now that Whitney's here, well, we can kill two
birds with one stone.
We can pick out a bridesmaid's
design, as well.
Whitney: Oh, you don't have to do that.
Ivy: Don't be ridiculous. Theresa is marrying my firstborn
son.
I can do whatever I want.
  Abigail: Come with me, darlings.
We're going to design
you the most beautiful dresses
Harmony's ever seen.
Ivy: If the phone rings, would you come and find me?
I'm expecting a call from Sam.
Pilar: Oh, but I -- Ivy: No. No, don't start with me.
I'm a grown woman and I can see
Sam if I want to.
After all, it was grace's idea,
and who am I to argue
with his wife?Sam: How will a separation help?
Grace: It's the only way to get back what we had.
You know, I can't just forget
the past, pretend that nothing
happened.
Sam: No one's suggesting we do.
Grace: This is about your affair with ivy.
I mean, she had your son, Sam.
And until you and ivy find
some closure --
Sam: There is no closure, Grace.
Grace: Oh, Sam. What if I lose you?
Sam: You're never going to lose me, grace.Sheridan: Let's not wait, Luis:.
Propose to me now before
something goes wrong.
Luis: Sheridan, please. You got to stop thinking like
that.
Nothing is going to go wrong.
Sheridan: I want to believe you, but I'm scared.
I can't help but feel that
there's something out there just
lying in wait to break us up.
Luis: What are you afraid of, your family?
Sheridan: They hate us being together.
Luis: Look, I'm the first to admit that your brother
and father are bad news,
but they are a piece of cake
compared to what we were up
against last night.
Sheridan, I love you.
Nothing is going to ever get
in the way of that.
Julian: Do you foresee any problems with what you've been>
hired to do?
Fake Luis: What's not to like?
I'm getting paid to sleep
with some chick.
[Julian chuckles]
Julian: Stop right there. You are getting paid to don
the Luis: mask and make it look
like you're sleeping
with another woman so my sister
will think her boyfriend has
been unfaithful.
Any more questions?
Fake Luis: Just one. This babe I'll be getting
up close and personal with --
we still going with
your hot-to-trot friend?
Julian: Mrs. Hotchkiss? We'll discuss that later.
Fake Luis: You're the boss. I got to hand it to you,
you thought this thing out
pretty good.
Once I do my thing,
your sister and her boyfriend
won't stand a chance.
You mind if I get something
to drink?
Julian: Knock yourself out.  With Luis out of Sheridan's life,
father will reinstate me
as his heir.
Sheridan will be crushed,
but better devastated than dead.Gwen: I'm not stupid. Of course I didn't tell anyone
the details of Theresa's secret.
Rebecca: Not even Theresa herself?
Gwen: No, I told you, I wanted to, but I caught
myself.
I realized that if Theresa knew
I was on to her, she'd figure
out who tipped the press
about Ethan's paternity.
Rebecca: Exactly. Gwen: But I'm telling you it was all I could do
to bite my tongue, watching
her flounce around
in her negligee.
Well, at least I put the fear
of God into her.
Rebecca: Well, just promise me that that's all you're going
to do for now.
Gwen: Oh, I will, as long as she doesn't flaunt
her happiness in front of me.
I don't know if I could trust
myself otherwise.
Rebecca: Well, you must. You have to do whatever you can
to avoid losing control.
You spill the beans too early
and you could ruin everything.
Promise me that, Gwennie.
Gwen: I promise.

Abigail: You know, I've got a wedding gown in a very similar
style at my shop.
I'll have it sent over
so you can try it on.
Theresa: Oh, that would be great.
Pilar: I still don't understand how much
of your secret Gwen knows.
Whitney: Look, I think that Gwen is just bluffing.
I mean, there's no way Gwen
knows that Theresa knew anything
about Ethan's real father.
Pilar: I hope you're right. Whitney: Well, if Gwen did know anything, she definitely
would've said something
to Theresa by now just to make
her squirm, you know?
Pilar: Yeah, I suppose. Abigail: A messenger will take too long, so I'm going
to run over and pick up
the dress myself.
Theresa: Oh, thank you. Thanks so much.
Thank you.
Abigail: Oh, don't worry, darling.
It'll be just fine.
Theresa: I was so freaked out this morning when I woke up.
But now I realize how crazy
that was.
Nothing is going to get
in the way of my perfect wedding
to Ethan.


Chad: I mean, what does it matter now who did what when?
You said yourself, man,
chief Bennett wasn't the monster
that you thought he was, right?
Ethan: Well, he saved my life.
Chad: Well, that's exactly what I'm talking about, man.
I mean, time changes things.
Hey, take a look at the cranes.
I mean, there was a time where
you used to think that
they could do no wrong.
Am I right?
All right.
That's my point.
Ethan: Yeah, but here's my point --
you know, maybe if it was just
me involved, you know,
I could move on without looking
back.
But whoever did this did
a hatchet job on my mother, too.
You know, I mean, I can take
whatever life dishes out,
but I'm not sure she can.
Chad: But it's not like she was ever in love
with Julian, I mean, is it?
Ethan: That doesn't matter. She gave up the best years
of her life for me so I could
have the world on a string.
Now it's blowing up in her face.
She's probably going to wind up
all alone.
Chad: Dude, you don't know that.
Ethan: Oh, well, unless, Sam Bennett does
a complete turnaround and leaves
his wife, I do.
Look, I've got to find out who
did this to me,
for my mother's sake
and for my own.Ethan: That's him. That's the reporter who broke
the story about me not being
a crane.


Julian: You remember Mrs. Hotchkiss?
Fake Luis: How could I forget?
Rebecca: Well, how -- how good to see you again.
Rebecca: Well, I'm sorry I'm late.
Gwen needed me.
What did I miss?
Julian: Oh, we're just finalizing a few details --
you know, time, place, that sort
of thing.Rebecca: Oh, is that all? Julian: So far. I take it you're still keen
on playing a role in our little
ruse?
Rebecca: Oh, you mean playing the part of the other woman that
Sheridan walks in on with Luis:.
Julian: It was your idea. Rebecca: Was it? Oh, I had completely forgotten.
Of course, it does make perfect
sense, though, doesn't it?
I mean, that way you don't have
to hire an actress, and the less
people know our plan,
then the better.
Julian: Is that the real reason, or are you just dying
to jump in the sack with Harry
the hunk over there?
Rebecca: Julian. How could you ask something like
that?
Oh, no, you satisfy all
my desires.
I just want to help
you with your plan.
Julian: You certain that's your only motivation?
Rebecca: Of course. Oh, please.
Don't tell me you're jealous.
Oh, there's not a man
in the world that measures up
to you.
 
Sheridan: You already have the ring.
Why wait?
Luis: Well, because I meant what I said.
Look, I want everything about
our lives together
to be perfect,
starting with the way I ask
you the big question.
You forget,
I already know what your fantasy
marriage proposal looks like.
Sheridan: But I told you none of that matters.
Luis: It does to me. Look, just give me a break, huh?
Let your future husband do it
his way.
Hank: Anybody home? Luis: Yeah, you know we are, hank.
You ever try calling first?
Hank: I can take a hint. Catch you later, man.
Luis: No, I'm just kidding, you big jerk.
Just give us a second to get
decent, huh?
Luis: All right, come on in. Hank: Sorry, guys. I --
I'm ready to help you out
with that -- that thing?
Luis: You can knock off the undercover routine.
She already knows what
I'm up to.


Gwen: Sheridan? Are you here?
Sheridan: Oh, in the bedroom, Gwen.
Come on in.
Luis: What is this, Grand central station?
Gwen: Oh, sorry. I didn't realize you had
company.
Sheridan: No, it's fine. I've been dying to talk to you.
Luis: Yeah, well, hank and I got a lot to do,
anyway,
to plan for the surprise that's
not such a surprise.
All right.
Sheridan: You are just in time.
Luis: was just about to propose
to me, but he wants it to be
exactly how I've always dreamed.
Gwen: I see. Sheridan: What's the matter, Gwen?
I mean, I thought you'd be happy
for me.
Gwen: Well, I would be -- if you weren't about to marry
the brother of the witch who
stole Ethan away from me.


Chad: Hey, hey. Just cool it, cool it,
all right?
Going over there and beating
the living daylights out
of the guy is not going to solve
anything.
Ethan: I don't care. He knows who turned
in the letter to the tabloid.
Chad: Fine, fine, go ahead. Give him another juicy headline
for tomorrow's front page.
I swear to God, Ethan,
I thought you were smarter than
that, man.
Ethan: All right. So what do I do?
Chad: Wait a second. Slimeball's finished
with his workout.
You know what?
I got an idea.
Come on.
 

Sheridan: Gwen. Gwen: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
That was so terribly selfish
of me.
I have no right to take my out
my frustrations about Theresa
when you're so happy.
Congrats, ok?
I mean it.
Sheridan: Thank you. And don't apologize.
The last thing you need to hear
is me prattle on about getting
married.
Gwen: I'm sure Luis is wonderful.
Nothing like his sister.
Sheridan: You know, I haven't spent that much time
with Theresa, but she does seem
nice.
Gwen: "Nice"? I caught her trying to seduce
Ethan last night.
Sheridan: Gwen, they are going to be married.
Gwen: But that's no excuse for her using sex to try
and keep Ethan when he finds out
what her big secret is.
Sheridan: What are you talking about?
What -- what secret?
Gwen: Well, it's -- I have this feeling that
maybe Theresa isn't as much
of an innocent as everyone
thinks she is.
That's all.
Chad: Hey, don't I recognize you from somewhere or know you?
Mort: I don't think so. Chad: You sure? Because I don't know,
I recognize your face.
I got it, dude.
You're that reporter who broke
that -- that bombshell crane
story a couple weeks back.
Yeah, I thought I remembered
your picture from the byline,
man.
Mort: Yeah, that's me. Chad: Yeah. Mort: Yeah, I got a raise and a promotion out of it, too.
Chad: Oh, congratulations, dude, congratulations.
Hey, just so you know,
it's an honor, man.
Mort: Thanks. Chad: Yeah, I mean, I got to tell you that story was
something else, man.
You know, to be the guy to break
the news that Ethan crane wasn't
really a crane, man?
Oh, I mean, you should be up
for -- I don't know -- some kind
of award or something, you know?
Mort: Thanks. Thanks. Chad: I don't know. I've always about been curious
about the cranes, you know,
just -- it's all the money
and mystery, I guess, you know?
Mort: Yeah, well, you know, I actually consider myself
somewhat of an expert
on the family.
Chad: Oh, yeah? No kidding? Mort: Yeah. Chad: Well, hey, man, why don't you --
I don't know -- tell me some
stuff about them?
You know, I don't know --
something you found out,
like some tidbits about who
they hang out with or -- I don't
know -- who you'd just as soon
see fall off of the face
of the earth or something like
that, you know?
I mean, it's obvious
from the story that,
you know, somebody out there
doesn't like them.
Mort: All right. Ask me a question about them.
I'll tell you anything you want
to know.


Theresa: Sometimes I think the two of you must be related.
You're always worry that I don't
know what I'm doing.
There's no way --
I repeat -- no way Ethan is
going to find out my secret
until I tell him.
Pilar: How can you be so confident with what you have
witnessed?
Ivy and I didn't think
that anyone, much less
the newspapers, would find out
that Ethan was really
Sam Bennett's son, and yet it
happened in front of half
of Harmony.
Now, that secret was exposed
and yours will be, too.
Abigail: Here it is, Theresa. Come upstairs and try it
on so we can see if the style
fits.
Theresa: I'll be right there. Abigail: Ok. Theresa: You know, I almost feel
sorry for the two of you.
I mean, you're always thinking
the worst.
Why can't you just accept that
all my problems are over?
I am getting a beautiful wedding
dress, courtesy of my future
mother-in-law,
I have the best mother
and best friend in
the entire world,
and, yeah,
I am madly in love with
the most incredible man
in the world, who just happens
to want to marry me.
My life couldn't get any better.
Pilar: But it could get a lot worse, mija.
Ivy: Well, where are Whitney, Theresa, and Abigail?
[Ivy gasps]
Pilar: Oh, they went upstairs to try on one of Abigail's
designs.
Ivy: Oh, wonderful, wonderful.
I am so glad I can do this
for Theresa.
Pilar: She is very grateful. Ivy: Well, did anyone call?
Pilar: If you mean Sam Bennett, no, he hasn't,
and I doubt very much that
he will.
Ivy: You are always so pessimistic, Pilar.
Pilar: No wonder you and my daughter get along
so well.
Ivy: Excuse me? Pilar: Nothing. Never mind. We were talking about you.
You remember what father lonigan
said last night?
Ivy: Oh. Oh, oh, you mean his
oh-so-ominous and impromptu
sermon about inviting evil
into our midst?
Pilar: He specifically referred to people who have
disregard for others' feelings
just to get what they want.
I mean, your obsession with Sam
is a threat to all of us.
Ivy: Oh, that's nonsense, Pilar.
I am only trying to get back
what is rightfully mine.
I love Sam today as much
as I have ever loved Sam.
And I think when he spends some
time with me, he will realize
that he feels the same way.
Don't make me feel guilty about
wishing for what everyone else
takes for granted.
All I have ever wanted was to be
a family with Sam and Ethan,
and this is my one chance
and there is no way I am going
to walk away from it.

Sam: You like them? Grace: They're lovely. But, Sam --
Sam: Grace, listen, don't say anything yet,
all right?
The flowers and the candy are
just tokens.
I know they don't mean much
compared to the real things,
like honesty and trust.
Grace: No, they don't. Sam: Grace, last night was the worst night
of my life.
Not just because of the --
the demons from hell or not
because we lost our house
and all of our possessions.
Last night was the worst night
of my life because I had
to spend it away from you.
Now, don't tell me you like this
separation any more than I do
because I spoke to Jessica
earlier and she said you had
a rough night, too.
Grace: Well, you know, it was a strange
bed and --
Sam: That's not it, and you know it.
Grace, honey, I love you,
and I know you love me, too.
So why don't you just stop all
this stubbornness and let me
come home.
And I'm not talking about
the four walls we used
to inhabit together.
Home to me
is you.
Grace: No. Sam: Grace, honey -- Grace: I just can't do this. It's -- it's just not right!
Sam: Honey, of course it is. You're my wife.
Grace: Don't you understand? Everything has changed.
It'll never be the same again.
Sam: But we'll make it better.
Listen,
the important thing is that
we have each other, our love.
Please, Grace, listen,
I don't want to spend time
with Ivy because I know how
I feel, all right?
Grace: Then why did you lie to me all those years about
your relationship with her?
Sam: Because it was over, it didn't matter.
Grace: I wish I could believe that.
But I can't.
Sam,
Put yourself in my shoes.
Imagine that someone had come
out of my past
and that you had to deal
with all these confusing
situations that were thrown
in my face.
Like seeing you kiss ivy under
the mistletoe
or all of those times I walked
in on you comforting her.
And the worst one was
you convincing me that I'd had
too much to drink when I saw
her standing there naked,
trying to seduce you
at the ski lodge last year.
I mean, what would you do
if someone from my past --
you caught me like that and I'd
neglected to mention him?
I mean, how would you feel?
I'll tell you.
You would be shocked.
And you would feel angry.
And you would feel betrayed
by the one person in your life
that you really thought
you could trust.
So, Sam, I can't even start
to believe in us again until
you deal with your feelings
for ivy.
So you go to her.
You spend time with her.
And then you come back to me
and then you tell me that I am
the only woman that you love.
That's when we can begin
to rebuild what we had.
But not until you do that.
Sam: If that's what you want. I'll call her right now.
[Telephone rings]


ulian: Julian crane. Sam: Is ivy there? Julian: Who is this? Sam: It's Sam Bennett. Can I speak to ivy?
Julian: Well, well, well. It's a relief to know that
you made it through the night.
See any more demons?
Sam: Look, can I speak to Ivy or not?
Julian: How very new millennium.
My wife's ex-lover calls
my house to ask my wife
on a date.
Sam: Look, you don't know why I'm calling.
Julian: And just for the record, Sam, you don't
need to worry about bringing
her home at a reasonable hour.
In fact, it'd suit me
if she never came back at all,
but I can see where that might
present a problem since
the hounds of hell have
destroyed your humble abode.
Sam: My God, I knew I shouldn't have called.
Julian: Well, no need to get huffy, Sam.
I'll get the old gal for you.
Would you tell -- ahem --
Mrs. Crane that there's a call
for her on the main house line.
Yes.


Julian: Well. Now, where were we before I was
so boorishly interrupted?
Rebecca: The plan, darling. The plan.
 

Maid: Excuse me, Mrs. Crane. Ivy: Yes, lily?  

Lily: You have a phone call on the main line.
Ivy: Thank you very much. Ivy: Hello? Sam?
Pilar: Ivy, no. Grace: Go ahead, Sam.

Sheridan: Look, you have to stop thinking about
Ethan and Theresa and start
concentrating on your own life.
You need to find someone who
realizes how beautiful
and wonderful you are.
Gwen: Ethan used to think that about me.
Sheridan: Ethan's gone. It's time to find someone new.
Look, please don't hate me
for cutting things short,
but I really have to get
a shower and get dressed so that
I can be ready for my proposal.
Gwen: Of course not. I'm sorry for being such
a bummer.
I really am happy for you.
Sheridan: Thanks. And please do me a favor
and think about what I said?
You know, a couple of dates
with a nice guy and you'll
forget all about Ethan.
Gwen: I don't have to forget about Ethan.
I just have to get rid
of Theresa.
Which is exactly what I'm going
to do.


Mort: Want to hear something funny, just between you and me?
Chad: Sure, dude. Mort: I didn't have to do jack for that story.
It was handed to me on a silver
platter.
Chad: Oh, yeah? By who?
Mort: Came in on an e-mail. Everything I needed was right
there on my office computer
screen.
Chad: Huh. Mort: All I did was print it out.
The rest?
Tabloid history.
Chad: Wow. So what happens with an e-mail
like that, man?
Mort: It all depends. You know, in this case, I gave
the original to Julian --
10-to-one he didn't hold
on to it --
and, you know, I kept my own
copy as a souvenir.


Ivy: Sam, is that you? Pilar: Please don't do this, Ivy.
Sam: Grace, are you sure you want me to do
this?
Ivy: Sam, you have to speak up.
I can't hear you.
Do you want to meet me
someplace?


Theresa: I look beautiful, don't I?
Whitney: Yes, yes, you look like a movie star, honey.
Abigail: It's perfect. Whitney: It looks great. Theresa: It's going to happen.
It's really going to happen.
I'm going to marry Ethan
and nothing is going to stand
in the way.


Chad: Modern technology these days -- it's something else,
man.
I mean, e-mail alone, you know?
To be able send something from,
like, one computer to another
computer in, like, a matter
of seconds -- that's crazy, man.
Mort: Yeah, well, don't ask me how they do it.
I'm just glad they got
the know-how.
Chad: Yeah. Hey, let me ask you something,
man.
What if you, like, ever got
an unsigned e-mail, you know?
I mean, how would you know where
it came from?
You know, like -- I don't know,
like -- oh, hey, yeah,
like the one that your paper got
about Ethan crane's paternity.
You know, if it was unsigned,
how would you know who sent it
to you?Mort: You know, it's funny you mention that because
I've been telling everybody who
asked that there was no way
to trace where that came from.
See, but between you,
me, and the bedpost, I lied.
Chad: No kidding? So, what, you mean you actually
know the name of the person who
tipped you off?
Mort: I got their e-mail address.
It's just as good.
All you got to do is match up
the address with the name
of the internet subscriber.
Chad: You can do that? I mean, you can actually get
somebody's name just by having
their e-mail address?
Mort: Piece of cake. I mean, you know, not for me
personally, but, you know,
I know a lot of the names
at the big e-mail providers.
You know, it'd probably take me
just one phone call to find out
who sent the dirt on
young crane.
Or should I say ex-crane, huh?
Chad: Right. Right, right, right.
Yeah.


Hank: What do you think? Luis: I think I'm in love. Hank: No kidding. I thought you did this for all
your girlfriends.
Luis: Seriously, man, you think Sheridan's going
to like all this?
Hank: Is the pope catholic? One look at all this and that
girl's yours forever.
Luis: Yeah? I was hoping you'd say that.
Sheridan: I can't wait for you to ask me
to marry you, Luis:,
because I can't wait to say yes!


Rebecca: It's amazing how much you look like Luis in that
mask.
Fake Luis: Oh, yeah? And I sound like him, too.
Rebecca: Multitalented. Hmm.
I like that in a man.
Julian: I propose a toast. Rebecca: Oh. Julian: Mademoiselle. Rebecca: Thank you. Hear, hear.
Julian: To the destruction of a perfectly wonderful
relationship.



 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 5/15/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 5/15/01





 Provided by Stephanie
Proofread by  Ebele and
 Elissia
Pilar: Grace, please, call Sam. Tell him to come back. Tell him that you
were wrong to insist that he meet with Ivy.
Grace: Pilar, I can't. I have to know if he still has feelings for
her.
Pilar: But he's told you over and over that he doesn't.
Grace: But he lied to me over and over. He lied to me when he told me
that he never had feelings for her. How can I ever trust him again if he doesn't
resolve the feelings that he does have for her?
Pilar: Grace, look, Sam has been married to you for over 20 years.
He's never been unfaithful. He's never looked at another woman or even thought
about another woman since he married you. He has proven his love to you over and
over, Grace.
Grace: If he didn't have feelings for Ivy, then why would he lie to
me?
Pilar: To protect you because he didn't want to hurt you. Grace, you
are reacting over a relationship that was over before he met you. Let it go.
Just call Sam; tell him to come back, because if you don't, you're going to
destroy your marriage, your life, Sam's life, and the lives of your children.
Call him, Grace.

Ivy: Hello, Sam.
Sam: Look, Ivy, I'm only here because Grace insisted I meet you.
Ivy: Well, Grace has good reason to want us to meet.
Sam: No. She's got this crazy idea that I need closure in our
relationship, but I told her that's nuts.
Ivy: Is it, Sam?
Sam: Of course it is. Look, our relationship ended 20 years ago. I
have no feelings for you whatsoever and there's absolutely nothing that we need
to close in our relationship. So I'm going to go back to my wife now, and that's
all there is to it.
Ivy: That's not all there is to it, Sam, and you know it or you
wouldn't be here.
Sam: No, I've already told you why I'm here.
Ivy: No, you never would have agreed to meet with me unless somewhere
deep in your heart you wondered about what might have been.
Sam: Ivy, don't do this.
Ivy: Sam, can't you feel it between us? Can't you feel the sparks?
They're the same sparks that were there when we used to walk on the beach.
Nothing's changed, Sam. Between us, everything is the same.
Ivy: Now, when are you going to stop denying it?

[Rebecca sighs]
Rebecca: Oh, my, my, Julian. You get stronger and better every time we
do this.
Julian: Oh, well, in this case, familiarity breeds expertise, my dear.

Rebecca: Well, as your future wife, I am so looking forward to growing
old with you.
Julian: Well, so am I. Which is why I'm more convinced than ever that
you shouldn't be the other woman in our little plot to separate Luis and
Sheridan.
Rebecca: But -- but, Pookie, I thought surely after what we just
experienced you'd realize that I could never want any other man but you.
Julian: Well, pleased to hear that, especially since you seemed a tad
too eager to jump into bed with that fellow we hired to impersonate Luis.
Rebecca: Oh, I was just trying to protect you. I mean, the fewer
people that know what you're up to, then the safer it's going to be for you. I
mean, what if you can't find another woman you can totally trust?
Julian: You'd be surprised how much trust you can buy with the right
amount of coins, my dear.
Rebecca: Oh, oh, don't answer that, Pookie. No, I want us to resolve
our little conflict before we do anything else.
Julian: I don't consider it a little conflict that the woman I'm
engaged to marry wants to jump into bed with another man.
Rebecca: But I already told you my motivations.
Alistair: I'll have to have those blankets cleaned the next time I
come home.
Julian: Father?
Rebecca: Alistair?

[Sheridan giggles]
Sheridan: This is so amazing! I still can't believe we're engaged.
Luis: I hope you know how happy you made me.
Sheridan: I do. And you've made me so happy. I love you so much.
Luis: I love you, too. And I promise I will always love you and that
we will always be together.

Gwen: You want me to tell you what I know? Fine, that's exactly what
I'm going to do. The whole world is going to know what you've done.
Theresa: You're bluffing. You know, if you really knew something, you
would've told everyone already.
Gwen: Really, Theresa? You have no idea what I know. I know
everything.

Ethan: Man, you were -- you were great, Chad. The way you pumped up
that reporter's ego?
Chad: Yeah, I was good, wasn't I?
Ethan: Oh, man.
Chad: Hey, man, if that guy lets me work from that tabloid, we'll be
able to find out who sent that e-mail.
Ethan: Yeah, the e-mail that ruined my life, told the whole world that
I'm not a Crane and that I'm Sam Bennett's son.
Chad: You really want to find out who did this, huh?
Ethan: Yes. And when I find out, they're going to wish they'd never
been born.

Julian: Father, what is the occasion for this rather inconvenient
call?
Alistair: I want to know what you've decided to do about Sheridan and
Luis. You have come up with a plan to separate them, haven't you?
Julian: Yes, as a matter of fact, I have, and I intend to put the plan
into effect before Luis has a chance to propose to Sheridan.
Alistair: Huh. As usual, a day late and a dollar short. Luis has
already popped the question, and your sister accepted.
Julian: What?

Sheridan: Oh, Luis, you have made my dreams come true. Everything is
perfect, just as you promised it would be. Thank you for giving me these
wonderful memories.
Luis: Oh well, the memories aren't over yet. A toast. To my beautiful
fiancée, the future Mrs. Luis Lopez Fitzgerald.

Ivy: You still loved me when we were pulled apart and we would still
be together if it hadn't been for my father and Alistair and Julian's tricks.

Sam: No, Ivy. You were a grown woman. You made your decisions and you
chose to marry Julian.
Ivy: And it was a mistake, and I knew it immediately. And that's why I
came to you on my wedding night - the night we conceived our son.
Sam: Yeah, the son you held from me all these years?
Ivy: That was a mistake, I know, a mistake --
Sam: No, a mistake is when you buy the wrong kind of milk. You lied.
You manipulated Julian and you lied to the both of us. Now, if you would've come
to me and told me that you were pregnant, I --
Ivy: What, Sam? If I had told you I was pregnant, you would have
married me and we would've raised Ethan together as a family. You're right. It
was more than a mistake, and I will regret it until the day I die, but -- but
that's the past and this is now and we can put all of that behind us if you'd
just listen to me, Sam, because I remember what it was like to love you then. I
have never stopped loving you, and I don't think you've ever stopped loving me,
either.

Grace: I have to take this risk, Pilar. I have to know that Sam is
over Ivy, completely over her. I can't live my life thinking that my husband has
another woman in his heart.
Pilar: How can you be so stubborn, so stupid?
Grace: Pilar --
Pilar: No, really. You -- you have no idea what it's like to go
through your whole life without a mate. But I do. My husband has been gone for
years. I've had to do everything alone. I've raised my children without their
father. Now, I love my children dearly, but they are not supposed to replace
their father. Oh, my God, I would give anything -- my arm -- to just have one
day with Martin. And here you are, throwing away a perfectly good marriage,
deliberately throwing your wonderful husband into the arms of another woman!
Grace: Pilar, I hate to see you like this. But obviously you must
think that there is a chance for Sam and Ivy.
Pilar: I didn't say that.
Grace: But you're afraid of it. You're afraid that if Sam spends time
with Ivy that he will rediscover his love for her.
Pilar: Oh, all I know is that Sam had many opportunities to go back to
Ivy, but he didn't. He chose to be with you, to be with you and your children. I
mean, doesn't that tell you anything, Grace? Doesn't that tell you how much he
loves you and your family? Please, please don't be stupid. Don't throw your
husband into the arms of another woman or you will regret it for the rest of
your life.

Julian: You mean Luis has already proposed to Sheridan?
Alistair: If you'd remove your head from Rebecca's ample bosom, you
might be able to keep up.
Rebecca: How does Alistair know what we were doing? Are there hidden
cameras?
Julian: I have no idea how he knows all and sees all. He just does.
There are either hidden cameras or servants on his payroll. You'll get used to
it.
Alistair: Stop talking to Rebecca and tell me how you managed this
latest screw up.
Julian: Screw up?
Alistair: Not only have you screwed up a way to tear Sheridan and Luis
apart, you revealed one of our deepest secrets -- the Luis imposter, the mask.
What possessed you to tell Rebecca?
Julian: I -- well, I -- she wanted to help and I --
Alistair: Help? Were you also planning to have her help you kill
Sheridan if it came to that? That's right. I know everything you told Rebecca.

Rebecca: Excuse me, Mr. Crane -- uh, Alistair -- oh, I don't know what
to call you. Father-in-law, perhaps?
Alistair: Never mind that. What is it?
Rebecca: Well, I know you think that Julian told me something that he
shouldn't have, but I want you to know that I'm intending to be his wife, and
the kind of wife that will be everything to him, including confidante, so you
can trust me completely.
Alistair: Oh, I know you can be trusted to keep your mouth shut
because you know exactly what will happen if you alienate the Crane family. You
open your mouth to anyone and you'll wind up dead.

Theresa: I said, Gwen, you're bluffing. You're just trying to upset
me. You're trying to ruin my wedding day.
Gwen: Oh, you mean like the way you ruined mine?
Theresa: You just hate me because Ethan chose me, not you.
Gwen: Well, Ethan won't be fooled by you for much longer.
Abigail: Is this a good time?
Theresa: What do you mean, &quot;fooled by me&quot;?
Abigail: We really must try on some of the other styles.
Gwen: You know exactly what I mean.
Abigail: Oh, they're still fighting. We'll come back later.
Whitney: I think that's a good idea. Thank you.
Abigail: Mm-hmm.
Whitney: Theresa, be careful, ok? You're making Gwen really angry.
Theresa: If she doesn't tell me what she's talking about, I'm going to
do more than that.
Whitney: Well, look at her. She's about to scratch your eyes out.
Theresa: Don't worry. I've got everything under control.
Gwen: Oh, you have nothing under control. I know so much more than you
can possibly imagine.
Theresa: Well, if that's true, then tell me. Why don't you tell me
everything that you know.
Gwen: If that's what you want, that's what you'll get. Because when I
reveal your secret, it'll expose you as the lying, manipulative bitch that you
are.

Chad: Hey, man, I'm going to try to find that reporter, talk to him
some more.
Ethan: That's a good idea.
Chad: Hey, man, you know, I figure if I can be his Jimmy Olsen, I can
get the inside track on whoever sent that e-mail.
Ethan: Hey, Chad, you know, if you do this, I'm really indebted to
you, man.
Chad: Well, hey, look, man, the guy did say he had contacted all the
major e-mail services, so he should be able to match that e-mail with a name
with a couple of phone calls.
Ethan: Well, I really appreciate it.
Chad: All right, well, just name your firstborn after me. Yeah. That
was sharp, man. I mean, you know –
Mort: What the hell is going on here? You two know each other? You
bastard. You're working for Ethan Crane, aren't you?
Chad: Hey, man, look, you got it all wrong, ok?
Ethan: He's not working for me.
Mort: You know, he's been pumping me for information about my sources
on you, Mr. Crane. Oh, that's right -- you're not Ethan Crane anymore, are you?
You're a Bennett, whatever the hell that is. To hell with the both of you.
You'll find out who sent that e-mail when the whole world finds out when it's on
the front page of my newspaper, huh?
Ethan: Hey, you know what? Wait a minute.
Mort: What --
Ethan: You're going to tell me who sent that e-mail and you're going
to tell me who ruined my life.

Pilar: You must forgive your husband, Grace. Sam lied to protect your
feelings. He's apologized over and over. He wants to save his marriage, he wants
you, Grace. All you have to do is forgive him.
Grace: And just forget about Ivy, forget that he had a child with
another woman, a woman that he kept buried deep in his heart all of these years?

Pilar: You know that I've worked for Ivy for many years, right, that
I've been her confidante. I know her. She's not completely evil, but she is
spoiled. And she's lived her life with the knowledge that her own actions cost
her the man she loved most in the world, your husband, Sam. And, Grace, she will
stop at nothing to get him back. She will lie, she will cheat, and she will do
whatever she can to steal him away from you.
Grace: And you think she'll get him, don't you?
Pilar: I don't know. I don't know. All I know is that you can stop
this right now. You can have Sam back in your bed tonight if you just find it in
your heart to forgive him. Can you do that? Can you find it in your heart to
forgive your husband?

Sam: You're wrong, Ivy. I did stop loving you. I fell in love with
Grace -- the woman I married, the woman I'm still in love with. So I'm going to
go back to my wife now and tell her that we have closure. My feelings for you
are resolved. I have none.
Ivy: You can tell Grace anything you like, but she won't believe you.
Grace was adamant about wanting you to explore your feelings for me. Do you
honestly think she's going to believe you could do it in such a short time?
Sam: What the hell am I supposed to do? How am I going to convince her
that I'm over you?
Ivy: Convince me first. If you can convince me that you are over me,
I'll tell Grace.
Sam: Your words mean nothing to me, and I'm sure they don't mean
anything to Grace, either.
Ivy: Oh, I disagree. Grace will ask me and I will tell her the truth.
I will say, &quot;Sam doesn't love me.&quot;
Sam: I know your tricks. I see how you lie, how you manipulate. You
lied to me, Julian, and Ethan. Hell, you've lied to the whole damn world, so why
would you tell Grace the truth?
Ivy: Because I love you, Sam. I'll tell Grace the truth because of my
love for you. But first, you have to convince me.

Sheridan: I don't believe it. How did you do all this?
Luis: You're going to have to thank Hank.
Sheridan: Hank did this?
Luis: Yeah, he came here after we left and -- well, now --
Sheridan: Thank you.
Sheridan: I feel like a princess.
Luis: Come on, you grew up a Crane. Didn't you always feel like a
princess?
Sheridan: Not like this. I never felt this loved. You make me feel
truly, truly special, truly loved.
Luis: Oh well, good. Because I'm going to make sure you always feel
that way.

Alistair: Hurry up and finish dressing. I want you to go to Sheridan's
cottage to speak to her and Luis.
Julian: Well, that wasn't really part of my plan.
Alistair: I'm taking over your plan, Julian. We're doing it my way now
and I'm making some modifications.
Julian: Well, yes, I suppose.
Alistair: I'm warning you now -- if this plan doesn't work, we're
going back to what we should've done in the first place.
Julian: You mean --
Alistair: Yes. If this Luis imposter gimmick doesn't work, you will
have to kill your sister. Sheridan will have to die and Rebecca will have to
help you. That's right, Rebecca. You want to be the wife that Ivy never was?
You'll have to prove it. Prove it by helping Julian kill Sheridan.

Pilar: Answer me, Grace. I want to know; can you forgive him?
Grace: Of course I can forgive him. I've already forgiven him. I just
can't forget. I mean, I can't even sleep, Pilar. Every time I close my eyes, I
see Ivy in Sam's arms. I mean, I caught them together so many times and I didn't
believe my own eyes. I mean, at the Crane Christmas party, at the seascape that
night, and then at the ski lodge.
Pilar: I know, but you shouldn't blame Sam.
Grace: It takes two. It always takes two. I mean, do you remember when
Julian had that vision in the mineshaft? He said that he saw Sam and Ivy making
love. Well, that disturbed me so much that I asked Sam point-blank if he had
ever had a relationship with Ivy, and he denied it.
Pilar: I just want you to know this -- every time you found Sam with
Ivy, it was Ivy's doing. She pursued him ruthlessly. And Sam rejected her time
and time again, but she never gave up. Grace, let it go. Sam loves you.
Grace: I would really like to believe that.
Pilar: Then allow yourself to believe it. Believe it before it's too
late.

Sam: Ok, Ivy. How do I convince you that I'm over you?
Ivy: Well, to begin with, you can start treating these meetings the
way Grace wanted you to treat them. You can talk with me instead of at me.
Sam: Now, what the hell is that
supposed to mean?
Ivy: It means we need to talk about our past, Sam. You have to
remember what we used to have. Don't you remember all those nights on the beach
when we would talk until dawn? Sam, we would talk about all of our hopes, all of
our dreams. We talked about everything. I'm still that same person, Sam. Just --
just talk with me.
Sam: Talk about -- I could talk to you about Grace, when we first met.
I could talk about when our first child was born, about all the good times we
had as a family. But I doubt you want to talk about anything like that.
Ivy: No. No, I would much prefer to talk about something else,
something we have in common -- our son, Ethan.

Mort: Get your hands off me or I'll sue.
Ethan: Go ahead. You couldn't win enough money to buy a drink. I'm not
a Crane anymore, thanks to you. What are you going to sue me for? I don't have
anything.
Chad: Ethan, come on, just let him go, all right? Ethan, listen to me
-- calm down.
Ethan: No! I'm going to find out who sent that e-mail!
Chad: The guy could bring you up on criminal charges.
Ethan: Yeah? Hey, man, so what? You know, my father's the Chief of
Police, right?
Chad: Yeah. You know what? You're absolutely right.
Ethan: Yeah.
Mort: You two think this is pretty funny, huh?
Ethan: Yeah.
Mort: Well, the real joke's on you chumps. Because I have no intention
of finding out who sent that e-mail. Nobody cares except you two, and you're
nobody. So you can forget about knowing who destroyed your life. You'll never
know who sent that e-mail. Never.
Ethan: Damn!

Theresa: If anyone's a liar, it's you, Gwen.
Gwen: Well, we'll just see about that, won't we? I'm warning you --
get ready for your world to be rocked.
Whitney: Look, this isn't getting either one of you anywhere. Why
don't we just put this on hold for a little while?
Gwen: I'm sorry, Whitney, but what I have to say to Theresa really
can't wait.
Rebecca: Gwen, I need to talk to you.
Gwen: Not now, mother.
Rebecca: Yes, now. What on earth are you doing? Are you crazy?
Gwen: Well, I'm sorry, but I can't stand watching her flaunt her
wedding to Ethan in front of me. I'm going to go blow her out of the water right
now.
Rebecca: Well, you can't do that -- not now, not in the middle of a
catfight in the foyer. Look, if you do that, then the only one who's going to
hear the truth is her little friend, Whitney because then she's going to go
right back to Ethan, she's just going to stare at him with those big eyes, she's
going to lie through her teeth, and come up with some silly little story and
that'll be that. No, no, no, this is not the time.
Gwen: Ok. Well then, I have to get out of here.
Rebecca: I think that would be best.
Gwen: Ok.
Julian: Oh, hello, Gwen.
Gwen: Hi.
Julian: Good-bye, Gwen.
Julian: What's this all about?
Theresa: Mrs. Crane is helping me with my wedding dress, Mr. Crane.

Rebecca: Oh, is she? Well, very soon there's going to be a new Mrs.
Crane, one who might not be so giving. In fact, one who might take something
back from you if you're not careful. Well, come along, Julian. We have places to
go, people to see.
Whitney: And what in the world did Gwen's mother mean by that?
Theresa: I don't know. She sounded so -- evil.

Grace: What was it like when Sam and Ivy were in love?
Pilar: Well -- they seemed to have a strong, passionate relationship,
you know, but it was their first love.
Grace: That's why you're afraid. You think that Sam never got over his
love for her.
Pilar: No, that's not what I think. All I know is that for the past
year and a half, Ivy has thrown herself at Sam at every opportunity and he never
stopped loving you. He married you, Grace, and he's been a faithful and loving
husband for the past 20 years.
Grace: How do you know that he didn't think about her, want her?
Pilar: Well, I don't. But I do know that you're playing a dangerous
game by placing Sam in this position. On the one hand, he has a wife who's
telling him to see another woman, who's pushing him away, who tells him he's not
good enough to be her husband. And on the other hand, there's a woman who would
do anything to have him in her life, who loves him unconditionally and
passionately. I mean, if you were a man, what would you do? Would you be with
the woman who's pushing you away, that tells you you're not good enough for her?
Or would you stay with the woman who loves you just the way you are?

Sam: Ok, Ivy. You want to talk about Ethan? Talk.
Ivy: I know you resent me for not telling you about our son, and I
can't make up for that, but I can share some of Ethan's life with you. Here.
This is for you.
Sam: He was a good-looking kid, huh?
Ivy: Yes, he was. Here's another one.
Sam: Ivy, what is this?
Ivy: It's the way I always pictured us as a family -- you know, you
and Ethan and me.
Sam: Ivy, you shouldn't have done this. This is wrong.
Ivy: I'm sorry. I just wanted to show you --
Sam: Ok, fine, you're sorry. Look, I should go.
Ivy: Wait, Sam. Please, I want you to have this.
Sam: More computer-altered pictures?
Ivy: No, I only did that once. And I didn't mean to upset you. These
are pictures of Ethan. I took some from each year of his life and made an album
so you could see him grow up. Please just look at it.
Sam: All right. It was nice of you to do this.
Sam: Ethan playing baseball. When did he start?
Ivy: Oh, he always loved baseball.
Sam: Yeah, so did I.
Ivy: I know. Julian never played and he always wondered where Ethan
got his talent.
Sam: Look at this. Did you know that Ethan batted left and threw right
just like I did?
Ivy: Like father, like son.

Sheridan: I still can't believe all this. I'm engaged.
Luis: Yeah. Yeah, you are. Hey, so am I.
Sheridan: You know, I hope you'll forgive me for being so paranoid
earlier, worrying that something would happen to keep up from getting engaged.

Luis: Oh, don't worry about it. We're engaged. There's nothing anyone
can do to tear us apart. [Knock on door]
Luis: Who can that be?
Sheridan: I have no idea.
Julian and Rebecca: Surprise!
Rebecca: We wanted to be the first to congratulate you!
Julian: Yes, on your engagement!

Grace: No, Pilar, you've got this all wrong. Sam knows why I sent him
to see Ivy. But if he spends time with her and doesn't become involved, then
I'll know that he's over her, and then I am the only woman in his heart.
Pilar: I hope that you are not making a terrible mistake. You're
opening a door for Ivy, and heaven help Sam when she makes up her mind to have
something or someone.
Grace: Well, if he can't resist her, then at least I'll know.
Pilar: I'm just hoping you don't find out too late.
Grace: I hope so, too.
Pilar: I'm going to go. Bye, Grace.
Grace: Dear Lord, please -- please bring Sam back to me.

Sam: Why does he have that look on his face?
Ivy: Oh. Oh, that was Ethan after way too much Halloween. Oh. I love
this one.

Sheridan: What are you doing here? How did you know?
Julian: Well, father called. He alerted us that you were officially
engaged, so we came by to help you celebrate.
Sheridan: Father called? He wasn't furious?
Julian: Absolutely not. [Cork pops] [bang]
Julian: No, he was very happy that his only daughter had finally found
true love.
Luis: Yeah, I'll bet that's what he said.
Julian: Those were his exact words, Luis. So I'm here to welcome you
to the family. Here, everyone. Darling.
Rebecca: Oh, thank you.
Julian: And here is to true love. No? To true love.
Rebecca: Yes, to true and perfect love.
Sheridan: Thank you, Julian, Rebecca.
Luis: Why don't you cut the bull, Julian. What's going on?
Julian: Well, we and father are simply welcoming you to the family,
Luis, and we're here to tell you that we're planning a party in celebration.
Sheridan: A party?
Julian: Yes, we have something very special in store for both of you.

Rebecca: Oh, yes, very special.

Chad: Man, I wish that reporter hadn't seen us together.
Ethan: Yeah. Don't worry about it, Chad. You know he can't sit on that
information forever. You know I'm an attorney. I'm sure I can figure out some
way to make him release it.
Chad: Yeah, that's right, you can do that, huh? Hey, don't forget,
dude, your father is the Chief of Police. I mean, you could ask him to help you.

Ethan: No. I don't want Sam involved in this.
Chad: Yeah. Yeah, I hear you. Yeah, that's right. Probably wouldn't be
cool for him to get involved, anyway.
Sam: Wait, what do you mean?
Chad: Well, I just mean that, you know, you're a lawyer, you know,
officer of the court. You've got your ways of gathering information, but at the
same time, you've got to follow certain rules, right? Well, so does the chief.

Ethan: Yeah. So?
Chad: So I've got my ways of gathering information, too, man. And
rules don't apply to me. And with my methods, let's just say that -- well, let's
just say that Chief Bennett probably wouldn't approve.
Ethan: Ok, I see what you're saying. Chad, I want to thank you for
everything you've done.
Chad: Hey, look, don't thank me until I've actually done something,
all right? Hey, but between you and me, we're going to find out who sent that
e-mail.

Whitney: Well, whatever Gwen's mother's talking about, you can be sure
that it's not going to be good for you.
Theresa: Well, what else could she take away from me? The only thing
that I have left is Ethan.
Whitney: All right, look, are you sure that neither Gwen nor Rebecca
knew about Ivy Crane's personal letters in your computer?
Theresa: They can't. There is no way they can take Ethan away from me.

Whitney: Well, they have to know something, Theresa.
Theresa: No, they don't, or else they would've said something already.
They both still think that I stole Ethan away from Gwen.
Whitney: Well, they do have good reason to think that.
Theresa: But that's silly. If Ethan really loved Gwen, then he
wouldn't have looked twice at me. No. Ethan loves me, and Gwen and Rebecca are
just bad losers. They don't know my secret. They don't know anything. They're
just trying to spoil things for me. But I'm not going to let them or anyone else
come between Ethan and me.
Abigail: Is it safe now? Can we get on with the fittings?
Theresa: Please.
Abigail: Your gown will be the envy of the eastern seaboard.
Theresa: It's going to be so beautiful.
Abigail: Yes.
Theresa: Thank you.
Gwen:
Enjoy it while you can, Theresa, because when your wedding day comes, I'm going
to make you wish you were never born.



 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 5/16/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 5/16/01






Proofread by
 Elissia Julian: Let's drink up. It's not every day such a beautiful young
couple gets engaged. It's a cause for celebration.
Rebecca: Not to mention the fact that Alistair and Julian are going to
throw you a party that will be filled with excitement.
Luis: I don't know what's going on here, but I'm not trusting Rebecca
or Julian. And how the hell did Alistair know that we'd gotten engaged?
It's not like I called him to ask for your hand in marriage.
Sheridan: I don't know. I do think it's kind of nice, though, that, you
know, my father and brother want to throw us a party. Maybe they finally
accepted us as being a couple.
Luis: Alistair and Julian? Sheridan, there's no way. They're up to
something.
Sheridan: I'm afraid you're probably right.
Rebecca: I don't thing they're buying this one bit.
Julian: They better to start buying it. Father ordered us to make sure
that they come to this party so we can split up this ridiculous romance
forever.
Rebecca: Yes, but the plan is perfectly in place. I mean, at the party,
Sheridan is going to get her little heart broken when she sees Luis in bed
with another woman. And she won't have a clue that it's actually an
imposter wearing a Luis look-alike mask. But we can't make it happen if
they don't go to the party.
Julian: Trust me, Becks, I can play my sister like a fiddle. Luis and
Sheridan will be at the soiree this evening.
Rebecca: I sure hope so, or Alistair will be serving our heads as
appetizers.
Theresa: I'm all set. Abigail said she'll be able to alter Mrs. Crane's
wedding dress into any style I want. And what are you doing?
Whitney: Just checking out some bridesmaids' dresses on this internet
site I found.
Theresa: You're going to look absolutely beautiful. And my wedding's
going to be perfect.
Whitney: Well, you know what? You seem a lot happier than you were
earlier -- you know, when your friend Gwen was here.
Theresa: Well, can you blame me? I mean, she was going on and on about
my secret. I thought she'd figured out that I knew that Ethan wasn't a
crane and that I didn't tell him. But she doesn't have a clue.
Whitney: And how can you be so sure, Theresa?
Theresa: Well, come on, Whitney. I mean, you saw how angry she got. If
she really knew my secret, she would have thrown it in my face right then
and there.
Whitney: Ok, if you say so.
Theresa: I know so. Now, my wedding to Ethan, it's going to be a dream
come true. And there is nothing in the whole wide world that could ruin
it.Gwen: You won't be smiling for long, dear, because when your wedding
day comes, I'm going to turn your world upside down. When Ethan finds out
that that e-mail sent to the tabloid revealing his true paternity was
really from your computer, he'll despise you. There's no way he'll ever
find out it was really from my mother and me. You think you're going to
have a dream wedding, don't you? Well, think again because it's going to
be your worst nightmare.
Ethan: This is weird -- coming back to the place I used to call home.
Chad: Yeah, I hear you, man. Yeah, but, hey, maybe your luck is
changing, you know? And I think running into that tabloid reporter back at
the gym is a step in the right direction.
Ethan: Yeah, you're right. You know, I think we've got a shot at
finding out who sent that e-mail to the tabloids.
Chad: Yeah. I mean, what we've got to do now is just get our hands on
it.
Ethan: Hmm. I'm going to make sure that happens. And I'm going to
search case law, find a way to force that tabloid to turn it over.
Chad: Ok. And if the legal way don't work, I've got a few tricks up my
sleeve from my days on the street. Hey, look, between the both of us,
we're going to nail down that e-mail in no time.
Ethan: Yeah. I can't wait to find out the name of the person who ruined
my life because I'm going to tear them apart.
Pilar: Hello, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Pilar. I have so much to tell you. Sam and I had the most
wonderful day.
Pilar: Really?
Ivy: Mm-hmm. Yes, he couldn't get over the photo album of Ethan I
brought, and I told him all kinds of stories about when Ethan was little
and growing up -- oh, like when he was 5 and we had his birthday party
here on the estate. We set up the petting zoo, and the goat chased him all
over the entire place. Oh, we laughed about that.
Pilar: Is that all? Did Sam say anything?
Ivy: Well, he said that he still loves grace, but that's only for the
time being. Believe me, even Sam can't deny that we connected today. I'm
sure in time he's going to realize that he still loves me. In fact, I bet
he's thinking about me right now.
Ivy: Here's another one.
Sam: Ivy, what is this?
Ivy: It's the way I always pictured us as a family. You know, you and
Ethan and me.
Grace: I probably was wrong to insist that Sam spend time with Ivy.
Maybe Pilar was right. Maybe I'm pushing Sam away and destroying my own
marriage.
Grace: What happened? You still have feelings for Ivy?
Grace: I have to know. Do you still have feelings for Ivy?
Sam: No, I don't. I love you, and I made it clear to Ivy.
Grace: You did?
Sam: Absolutely. I told her the truth -- that you're the only woman
that I love and that my life with you and the kids is all the life that I
want.
Grace: You really mean that?
Sam: Absolutely, from the bottom of my heart. There's nothing Ivy or
anyone else could do to take me away from you.
Grace: I was so worried when you were gone.
Sam: Hey. You don't have to worry. I can meet Ivy 100 times at the book
cafe, and it wouldn't change my feelings for you.
Sam: Grace -- honey, what's the matter?
Grace: It's a premonition I had about you and Ivy at the book cafe. I
mean, you were talking and laughing, and, Sam, you were kissing her.
Sam: Ivy, you have to get that premonition out of your mind. It's not
what happened. I told you what I said to Ivy.
Grace: That you love me and our life together? But is that all you
talked about? Are you keeping more secrets from me?
Ivy: Oh. Pilar, being with Sam today, it was just -- it was like old
times. It felt like we could talk about everything, anything. Pilar, can't
you just try to be happy for me?
Pilar: I'm afraid I cannot. You were talking about a man who's married
to another woman -- a woman who happens to be a very dear friend of mine.
Ivy: I thought I was a very dear friend of yours.
Pilar: Well, yes, you are, and that's why I must tell you that I -- I
just cannot approve of your actions.
Ivy: Grace is the one telling Sam to spend time with me.
Pilar: Grace is so confused right now. She's been through a lot. And
she's very emotional, and I am afraid that she will regret pushing you and
Sam together for the rest of her life.
Ivy: Well, I can't control what grace does or says.
Pilar: No, but you can control your actions. What you are doing is
wrong. And as your friend, I will not support you.
Ivy: Well, I'm sorry you feel that way. But I am not the one breaking
up Grace and Sam's marriage. Grace is doing that all by herself. Besides,
breaking up relationships, that's what Alistair and Julian do. That's not
what I do.
Julian: Trust me,
Becks. This is child's play for a master manipulator
such as myself. My sister and her low-rent lover will be at this party. It
will be a night they shall remember forever.
Rebecca: Well, I don't mean to play devil's advocate or anything, but
the last time you used the imposter to break them up, it only worked for a
little while. Alistair specifically ordered us to break them up forever.
Julian: Aren't you the little turncoat? What happened to "stand by your
man"?
Rebecca: Oh, pookie. Oh, don't misunderstand me. I have all the
confidence in the world in you and your abilities.
Julian: That's more like it.
Rebecca: It's just that as your future wife, I want to do everything I
can to help you. So is there anything I can do to ensure that Luis and
Sheridan come to the party?
Julian: Absolutely not. I'm perfectly equipped to handle this, along
with more enjoyable activities. Why on earth would anyone miss a lavish
party thrown in their honor?
Luis: We want to thank you for offering to throw us a party.
Julian: Well, well, no. There's no thanks necessary. There's nothing I
wouldn't do for --
Luis: But we won't be coming. I know you're up to something, and
Sheridan and I want no part of it.
Theresa: That dress would look fantastic on you.
Whitney: Yes, that one. Oh, my gosh, it's so beautiful, and it goes
perfectly with the flowers that you've already picked out.
Theresa: This is so amazing. And I still can't get over how gorgeous my
gown's going to be.
Whitney: It was so generous of Mrs. Crane to let you just completely
alter her wedding dress like that. It's definitely going to keep the cost
of the wedding way down.
Theresa: Yeah, tell me about it. I mean, now that Ethan's no longer a
crane, we can't exactly afford to spend a billion dollars. But it doesn't
matter. All that matters is that Ethan is standing next to me at the
altar.
Whitney: Are you sure that's all that matters, Theresa? Don't forget,
after the ceremony comes the actual marriage.
Theresa: And what are you saying?
Whitney: I'm saying that you still haven't told Ethan that you knew he
wasn't a crane. You cannot go into marriage keeping secrets like that.
Theresa: Whitney, everything is going to be fine.
Whitney: How do you know that? If Ethan finds out from someone else
that you knew the truth, he's going to be furious with you, Theresa.
Theresa: You know what? You worry way too much because there's no way
he's going to find out from anyone else.
Whitney: Yeah, unless Gwen really does know something. And I would not
count out Mrs. Hotchkiss, ok? I felt the temperature in the room go way
down when she told you that you need to watch your back.
Theresa: No, you're wrong. If Gwen and Rebecca really knew my secret,
they would have told Ethan by now. Now, as far as Ethan's concerned, I
will tell him when the time is right.
Whitney: And when exactly is that going to be?
Theresa: I'm not sure. But just trust me. He doesn't have to know
everything right now.
Ethan: What are you talking about? What don't I need to know?
Ethan: Well, Theresa, what is it I don't have to know?
Theresa: You don't need to know what my wedding gown looks like. I
mean, after all, it is bad luck for the groom to see the gown before the
wedding.
Ethan: Well, I guess it's too late now.
Theresa: Nope. That isn't my wedding dress. It was just one of the
styles I was trying on. So you'll just have to wait.
Ethan: I'm sure whatever you're wearing, you'll look beautiful.
Chad: Oh, you-all two can't go two minutes without locking lips, can
you?
Whitney: I know. Give me a break, please.
Theresa: Ok. Ok. How did the workout go?
Chad: Ah, actually, you won't believe who we ran into at the gym.
Whitney: Yeah? Who?
Ethan: That sleazeball reporter who works for the tabloid -- the one
who broke the story about my paternity.
Theresa: Are you kidding? Well, what happened?
Chad: Well, I went up to him, and -- actually, I pretended like I was
into being a reporter just so I could milk the guy for some info.
Ethan: Yeah.
Whitney: Ok. Well, what did he say?
Ethan: Well, he told us that he got an e-mail with the information
about me not being a crane.
Whitney: Well, we knew that already.
Chad: Yeah, but hold up. See, after that, I totally played him. You
know, told him how smart and talented I thought he was. I actually gave
him the idea to put a name to the e-mail address.
Theresa: Well, can he do that? I mean, can he actually track down the
name of the person who sent the e-mail?
Ethan: Yeah. I mean, he told us he has connections to all the big
e-mail providers. Then all it would take is a phone call.
Theresa: But, Ethan, that's fantastic news! Then you would know exactly
who sent the e-mail to the tabloid -- and exactly who didn't. He'll know
that I had nothing to do with the tabloid finding out that he wasn't a
crane!
Gwen: Come on, mother, pick up your phone. Damn it, where are you? Hi,
mother, I know that you said that we should wait until Ethan and Theresa's
wedding to expose the lying tramp, but I really don't think I can wait
that long. All I can think about is ruining her pathetic life. Call me.
You better call soon, mother, or I might just blow her out of the water
right away.
Pilar: The bond of marriage is sacred, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Well, let's not forget that grace is the one who is practically
shoving Sam into my arms. It's not like I went after him.
Pilar: Oh, my God. That is not true, and you know it. You pursued Sam
time and time again. Too many incidents to count. Kissing him under the
mistletoe right here at the Christmas party. Stowing away in his boat. My
God, you even followed Sam and grace on their romantic getaway at the ski
lodge.
Ivy: Well -- well, that was different. Then I just wanted to have an
affair with Sam.
Pilar: Oh, and what exactly is different now?
Ivy: Now? Now I want it all. Sam and I can have a fresh start. He knows
that Ethan is his son. We can be a real family.
Pilar: What about the family that Sam has with grace?
Ivy: Grace told Sam that she wanted him to explore his feelings for me.
I'm only doing what Sam's wife wants.
Pilar: You're just taking advantage of the situation because grace is
vulnerable and confused right now.
Ivy: Well, grace may be confused right now, but I am not. I have a
chance with Sam, and this time he will be mine.
Grace: Sam, it is so important that you resolve your past with Ivy. I
have to know that I am the only woman in your heart.
Sam: Listen, I love you, and there's no space for any other woman in my
heart because I love you and only you.
Grace: How can I be sure?
Sam: Grace, I don't need to meet with Ivy to know how I feel. Now,
let's get on with our lives together. Stop pushing me away before we do
some real damage to our relationship.Grace: Look, Sam, I don't want to see our relationship breaking up. I
want it back. It's just that ever since I found out you haven't been
honest with me, I've been so lost.
Sam: Lost?
Grace: I don't know. It's just -- I guess it's because of my amnesia. I
mean, there are so many years in my past that I don't know anything about
that I need to know exactly what is going on in my life right now. I need
you to be completely honest with me.
Sam: You can count on me.
Grace: I just don't know what to do.
Sam: Come here. Don't cry.
Grace: What are those pictures?
Sam: They're not important.
Grace: I think I should see them.
Pilar: I really wish you would listen to me about interfering in Sam
and grace's marriage.
Ivy: No, Pilar. I wish you would listen to me. Sam and I really
connected today.
Pilar: How do you know that?
Ivy: Because I saw the old twinkle in his eye when I showed him the
picture.
Pilar: What picture?
Ivy: I showed him a picture of Ethan when he was young, and then I
showed him a computer-generated picture of the three of us, just like we
were a real family.
Pilar: How could you do that? You were trying to manipulate Sam's
emotions.
Ivy: No, I was trying to show him what could have been, and he was
affected. He is still interested in me.
Pilar: No, Ivy, he was interested in Ethan -- the son you kept from him
since he was born. That does not mean he was interested in you.
Ivy: Well, now that is just a matter of opinion.
Pilar: No, Mrs. Crane. The fact is Sam has a wife and children. So
leave him alone. Because if you do not, you will cause yourself and others
tremendous pain.
Julian: I must have heard you wrong. Surely you wouldn't miss a party
in your own honor.
Luis: No, you heard me. You heard me loud and clear. We're not coming.
Julian: Let's not be hasty here. Let's talk this through like rational
adults.
Luis: There's nothing rational about you or your father. And speaking
of Alistair, how did he even know that Sheridan and I were engaged?
Julian: Well, there's really nothing to be suspicious about. Father
merely likes to keep an eye on his family.
Rebecca: That's an understatement.
Julian: But frankly, that's not the point. The point is father was
thrilled with the news of your engagement. He wants to welcome Sheridan's
future husband to the family. And he wanted his daughter to know that he
supports her.
Sheridan: He really wanted that?
Julian: Yes, sister dear. He wanted you to know that we all support you
and that he loves you.
Sheridan: Father said he loves me?
Julian: Yes. You are his pride and joy. We all support you, and we all
love you.
Luis: Sheridan, please. Please don't start buying this.
Sheridan: Maybe Julian's being sincere. Maybe father really wants to
show us his support.
Luis: Sheridan, you were never able to trust Alistair and Julian. Why
start now?
Sheridan: You're probably right. I guess I just wanted to believe that
they'd changed their minds about us.
Sheridan: Thank you for coming down here, but we can't accept your
offer. We won't be coming to the party.
Julian: But you can't --
Rebecca: Julian, please, could you step outside? I'd like a moment
alone with the newly engaged couple.
Julian: Excuse me?
Rebecca: Please, Julian?
Julian: Excuse me.
Luis: You're not going to change our minds. There's no way we're going
to that party.
Julian: Hello, father. Alistair: Have Luis and Sheridan agreed to
attend tonight's festivities?
Julian: Ah, well, things aren't actually going exactly according to
plan. Alistair: Why does that not surprise me? When you're involved,
Julian, nothing ever goes as planned. Can you at least tell me what's
going on, or is that too difficult for you?
Julian: Rebecca is in the cottage right now, trying to convince them to
		come to the engagement party. Alistair: You better hope your little
		floozy can work some magic. Because if she doesn't, Sheridan is one dead
		woman, and you and Rebecca will be the ones killing her.Grace: If they're not important, I should be able to look at them.
Sam: Grace --
Sam: Grace, listen to me -- these pictures mean nothing.
Grace: That picture of you and Ivy and Ethan -- did Ivy have that made?

Sam: Yes, she did. And I told her she shouldn't have done it. I was
going to throw them away.
Grace: You shouldn't do that. It's a picture of your other family.
Sam: No, I have one family -- the one I have with you and the kids.
Now, I swear to you, God, these pictures mean nothing.
Grace: That's not true. They were given to you by your past love.
Sam: That's right -- my past love. Ivy is not in my present or my
future.
Grace: I'm not so sure that Ivy is in your past. Her father tore the
two of you apart. It wasn't your choice to end that relationship.
Sam: It doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. Look, I love only you.
Grace: Did you hide those picture from me because you still have
feelings for Ivy?
Ivy: Pilar, you have been my friend for how many years? Don't you
remember how happy I was when I was with Sam?
Pilar: Of course I do. At the mere mention of his name, your face would
light up.
Ivy: It was the most wonderful feeling in the world, and I want to feel
like that again.
Pilar: I understand. I do. But a lot has changed since then.
Ivy: All right, all right, fine. Just -- I don't want to fight anymore.
Today is supposed to be a wonderful day for our children. I mean, Theresa
is finalizing the design on her gown and picking out bridesmaids dresses
for her wedding with Ethan. It should be a joyous day for our children.
Pilar: You're right. I would not want Theresa to hear her mother and
future mother-in-law arguing.
Ivy: So we will just have to agree to disagree. Now, come on, let's go
and see if there's anything else that Theresa needs.
Pilar: I'll be right there, Mrs. Crane.
Pilar: Oh, Theresa. Hmm. I always want to see you smiling like that,
Teresita. But I have this feeling that Ivy's actions will affect everyone
in Harmony. No one's lives will ever be the same again.Theresa: This is so great! Soon you'll know exactly who sent the e-mail
to the tabloid.
Chad: Whoa, whoa. Don't get ahead of yourself there, all right, because
this story ain't exactly got the happiest of endings.
Theresa: Well, what happened?
Ethan: Well, the reporter found Chad and me talking. He recognized me
and realized that Chad was just trying to get information out of him.
Theresa: Oh, no.
Ethan: Yeah -- but we're not going to give up. I mean, as an attorney,
I can find a way to force them to release the information.
Chad: Hey, and if that doesn't work, you know, I've got a few ways of
my own I'm going to try -- a thing or two I picked up on the street.
Whitney: Well, hopefully they won't give Ethan a hard time.
Theresa: And then we can put this horrible situation behind us and move
on with our lives.
Ethan: Right. Speaking of, I need to make some phone calls about
apartments so we can have a place to live once we get married. I'll be
right back.
Theresa: This is so amazing. If Ethan finds out who sent the e-mail,
then he'll know I had nothing to do with anyone finding out that he was
Sam Bennett's son.
Chad: All right, you've got a point there, Theresa. But at the same
time, that doesn't change the fact that you knew the truth and you didn't
clue him in.
Theresa: But it doesn't matter. Once Ethan knows that I had nothing to
do with the information getting to the tabloid, I can tell him I knew, and
he'll have no reason to hate me.
Whitney: Well, I just hope you're right, Theresa.
Theresa: I know I am. This is the most wonderful news ever!
Gwen: Revenge is sweet, Theresa. And I can't wait to give you
everything you deserve.
[Gwen daydreaming]
Priest: If anyone knows a reason why this couple
should not be joined in the bonds of holy matrimony, let them speak now or
--
Gwen: You better believe I have a reason!
Ethan: What, is this true? Are you the person who ruined my life?
Theresa: No. No, this can't be.
Ethan: Well, it says in here that the e-mail came from your computer.
It gave your e-mail address.
Theresa: No, that's not true, Ethan. I never sent that!
Ethan: How could you do this to me? I never want to see you again.
Theresa: Don't say that, Ethan. You love me.
Ethan: No, I don't. I despise you. Good-bye.
Ethan: Father -- father, wait. I'm going to need for you a minute.
Gwen, I'm sorry. I never should have left you. You're the one I really
love.
Gwen: Mother's right. The wedding day is the perfect time to expose you
		as a two-bit tramp, and I can't think of a more perfect wedding gift.
Alistair: What's going on now, Julian? Can you
hear anything?
Julian: Oh, sorry, father. I left my spy kit at home. Alistair: If I
were you, I wouldn't be joking. You better hope Rebecca can convince
Sheridan and her brutish boyfriend to attend the party.
Julian: Don't worry, father. Um, Rebecca is very good at getting what
she wants. She's a very resourceful woman. Alistair: You're finally right
about something. Rebecca is indeed a resourceful woman.
Rebecca: All I ask is that you hear me out.
Luis: Oh, I haven't forgotten the last time I heard you out. You got a
hell of a lot of joy telling me about Ethan and Theresa's relationship.
Rebecca: You have to admit I was telling you the truth. And I'm trying
to tell you the truth here. Sheridan, this party comes from Julian's and
Alistair's hearts.
Luis: Well, where's the truth in that? Julian and Alistair have no
hearts.
Rebecca: Look, you may not know this, but when Ethan's true paternity
was revealed, the two of them were devastated.
Sheridan: I saw how they treated Ethan. The cast him out as if he were
a total stranger.
Rebecca: You know that the crane men are raised never to show their
emotions in public. What, they were torn apart and they know that if they
don't accept Luis, well, they could lose you, too.
Sheridan: I just don't know.
Rebecca: Look, just accept this olive branch from your brother and your
father. I mean, after all, is an extravagant party such a hardship to get
your family's love?Chad: Theresa, look, don't wait until Ethan finds out about the e-mail.
You've got to tell him you knew the truth about his pops now.
Whitney: Secrets have a way of backfiring, Theresa. Big time.
Theresa: But I don't have to tell him now. When we find out who sent
the e-mail, I will be in the clear because Ethan will know that it did not
come from me. Mama. Mrs. Crane! Guess what -- my wedding gown is going to
be perfect.
Pilar: Oh, I know you'll make a beautiful bride,
Teresita.
Ivy: So Abigail provided everything you needed?
Theresa: Oh, absolutely. And I cannot thank you enough, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: It was my pleasure.
Theresa: Thanks.
Ivy: Every bride should have the dress she dreams about for her
wedding.
Chad: Hey, you know what? This is definitely my cue to exit because I
ain't got much to say on the topic of wedding dresses, so I think I'm
going to go and find Ethan.
Ivy: Ethan's here?
Chad: Yeah. He's making a couple of phone calls.
Ivy: Would you have him come and see me when he's done?
Chad: Yeah. No problem.
Ivy: Thank you.
Ivy: Well, what about you, Whitney? Did you find any bridesmaid's
dresses?
Whitney: Oh, no, not yet, but we found a bunch of web sites.
Theresa: And -- yeah, and Abigail left us fabric catalogs, too.
Ivy: Oh, let me see.
Whitney: Oh. I'll show you.
Ivy: Ok. Ooh, pretty. Wait, wait, wait. Oh, this would make a beautiful
bridesmaid's dress.
Whitney: Yeah, that is very beautiful, but it's a little out of my
price range, but we found a bunch of wonderful fabrics on the internet
that would be just fine.
Ivy: Well -- well, don't worry about the price, darling. I'd be more
than happy to pay for your dress.
Whitney: Oh, no. No. Thank you, Mrs. Crane. Don't worry about it.
Ivy: Oh. Well, all right. Why don't you show me the designs on the
internet you found.
Whitney: Ok.
Theresa: I'll show you. I mean, there are so many incredible styles.
Ivy: Ok.
Whitney: I really hope I didn't hurt Mrs. Crane's feelings, but my
parents would kill me if I accepted anything from the cranes.
Pilar: Oh, I understand. Your parents hate the cranes just like
everyone else in this town.
Whitney: They have a way of destroying everything that they touch.
Pilar: Well, I hope and pray that's not the case.
Whitney: I don't think you have anything to worry about, Mrs. Lopez
Fitzgerald. I think Theresa and Luis are going to be just fine. Ethan
isn't even a Crane, and Sheridan seems really nice.
Pilar: Well, I hope you're right. But, you know, I worry about my
children being so close to the cranes, and sometimes I fear that both my
children will be destroyed.Grace: I need you to be completely honest with me. Do you still have
feelings for Ivy?
Sam: I do have feelings for Ivy. But those feelings are anger and
resentment for all the pain she's caused with her lies.
Grace: I want to believe you, Sam, but those pictures -- they just
brought back all -- all the pain and all the heartache.
Sam: Grace, I don't want to hurt you anymore. Just tell me what I need
to do.
Grace: I don't know. I'm just so terrified of losing you, Sam.
Ivy: Oh, that would look beautiful on Whitney.
Pilar: Oh, that is a pretty color.
Ivy: Oh, isn't it?
Whitney: Theresa, I have a really bad feeling about this. Please just
tell Ethan the truth.
Theresa: Stop worrying, Whitney. I told you everything is going to be
fine.
Whitney: Yeah, but secrets always have a way of coming out. Just ask
Sam and Grace Bennett.
Theresa: Trust me. My secret is safe.
Whitney: I'm not so sure, Theresa. Just tell Ethan the truth. Tell him
you knew he was not a Crane before somebody else does.
Gwen: I finally found the perfect way to pass the time until Ethan and
Theresa's wedding. Bull's-eye! If you think that hurt, just wait till your
wedding day. Then you'll know the real meaning of pain.
Chad: You know, I thought I'd find you in here.
Ethan: It's like I was never even here. Like I was never even a crane.
Chad: Hey, man, I'm sorry.
Ethan: You know, the strange thing is I went to go make some phone
calls, and I automatically came to my room and this is what I find.
Chad: Must have hit you pretty hard.
Ethan: And I'm going to find out who took this all from me, Chad. And
I'm going to ruin their lives just like they ruined mine. I'm going to
make them pay.Rebecca: Sheridan, I'm sure that Luis is not your family's first choice
for your future husband.
Luis: Well, now, that's the first truthful thing you've said all night.

Rebecca: But they don't want to lose you. So they are willing to accept
Luis for your sake, so please -- please, just let them throw you this
party.
Luis: Sheridan and I will throw our own engagement party. And we'll
invite Julian and Alistair because they're Sheridan's relatives. There's
no way I'm letting the two of them do a thing for us.
Rebecca: Well, ok. If that's the way you want it.
Rebecca: But, Sheridan, please, if you change your mind, just -- just
call me.
Julian: Excuse me. Did you convince Luis and Sheridan to come to the
party?
Rebecca: Well, Luis is still insisting that he would never come to a
party thrown by the Cranes, but I think I played at Sheridan's
heartstrings pretty well. Alistair: That's it! I've had enough of these
games! I want Sheridan dead right away, and you two are going to kill
her!
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 5/18/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 5/18/01






Proofread by
 Ebele and
 Elissia
Julian: What are you doing here?
Ivy: I live here. What are the two of you celebrating?
Julian: Engagement party we're throwing for Luis and Sheridan this
evening.
Ivy: Luis and Sheridan are engaged? Oh, wonderful! I’m going to call
them and congratulate -- wait. Why are you throwing them an engagement party?

Julian: Father thought it would be an appropriate gesture.
Ivy: Oh, no, no, no. Alistair can't be happy that Sheridan is engaged
to Luis. As far as your daddy dearest is concerned, Luis is nothing but a lowly,
nosy cop. So what's the plan, Julian? What's in store for Luis and Sheridan at
this engagement party? I repeat -- what awful thing do you have planned for Luis
and Sheridan at this engagement party?

[Knock on door]
Sheridan: Come in.
Luis: Mama.
Sheridan: Pilar, I’m so glad you're here.
Luis: Yeah, we got something to tell you.
Pilar: Well, from those smiles and all these beautiful decorations, it
must be good news, huh?
Luis: I asked Sheridan to marry me, and she said yes.
Sheridan: We're engaged. And not only that, but Julian and Alistair
and Rebecca are going to throw us an engagement party to welcome Luis into the
family.
Luis: Come on, mama, say something.
Pilar: Luis, please, do not do this.

Grace: Kay?
Sam: Kay? Kay?
Grace: Kay?
Sam: Kay?
T.C.: What happened?
Sam: We're not sure. Kay came in from the storeroom and passed out.

Eve: Simone, do you know what happened?
Simone: No, mom, I couldn't tell you why Kay fainted.
Miguel: Charity and I just told Chief and Mrs. Bennett that we wanted
to get married. And then Kay came in, and, you know, Charity told Kay, and Kay
passed out.
Charity: Maybe Kay was just overwhelmed with happiness for us.
Simone: Yeah, right.

[&quot;Superman&quot; theme plays]
Timmy: Where's this thing taking Timmy and Tabby?
Tabitha: I don't know, lad. But wherever the divining rod is headed,
I’m hoping that's where we'll find the evil that will destroy Charity and Miguel
because if those kids get married and make love and Charity comes into her full
powers, we will be extinguished. [Timmy screams]

Julian: Whatever do you mean? What could we possibly do to Sheridan at
a fete in her and Luis' honor?
Rebecca: Yes. I mean, can't the Cranes throw a party for a family
member? I mean, Sheridan is Alistair's daughter and Julian's sister.
Ivy: Oh, I am very well aware of Sheridan's lineage, Rebecca. I am
also well aware of her abiding need for her father's love. And somehow, I can't
help but think that Julian and Alistair are taking advantage of it.
Julian: Need I remind you that at one time you were willing to help
father and me tear apart Luis and Sheridan in exchange for leaving Theresa and
Ethan alone.
Ivy: Yes, I know, and I am ashamed of myself. But I was only trying to
protect my son.
Julian: Yes. Well, as it turns out, you couldn't protect him. The
whole world found out he wasn't a Crane because of your lies. Nevertheless,
father and I kept our word. We did nothing to try to tear apart Ethan and
Theresa.
Rebecca's voice: That was all my doing, and I’m not finished yet.
Rebecca: Yes, Alistair and Julian were devastated when the family lost
Ethan. They're determined not to lose Sheridan, too.
Julian: So, you see, father and I are not up to anything. This party
is simply to show Sheridan our love and support.
Maid: Mrs. Crane, you have a call.
Ivy: Thank you. I'll take it in the foyer.
Rebecca: However did you stay married to her for all these years?
Julian: By ignoring her as much as possible. Unlike you, my pet. You
see, I couldn't involve Ivy in my schemes, as I can you.
Rebecca: I just want to prove to you that I will be everything you
have ever wanted in a wife and more.
Julian: Yes, you really know how to crack the whip, Becky. And I’m
ever so grateful that you finally convinced Luis and Sheridan to come to this
engagement party. I was less than happy with father's alternate plan. I really
don't want to kill my own sister.
Rebecca: And I certainly don't want to help you.
Julian: Hmm. Little does Ivy know that by going to this so-called
engagement party, Luis and Sheridan saved their necks.
Rebecca: Of course, Sheridan's life will be ruined, but, well, at
least she'll still be alive.
Julian: True. I really couldn't abide going to her funeral again, so
soon after the last one.

Luis: Well, what do you mean, &quot;no, don't do this&quot;? You talking about
us getting engaged, or are you talking about us going to the party that Alistair
and Julian are going to throw for us?
Pilar: Oh, no. I am happy that you're engaged. Very happy. But this
party, it concerns me. Alistair and Julian cannot be happy that you plan to
marry, nor can they be sincere about this party. I’m just afraid that if you go
to it, the Cranes will destroy you.
Luis: Mama, I was concerned, too. But Sheridan was so touched by her
family wanting to do this, I couldn't say no.
Sheridan: Alistair even sent Julian and Rebecca here to the cottage to
invite us themselves. Look, I know you're worried about me getting hurt, just
like Luis is. But I really think everything is going to be all right. Rebecca
said that Julian and Alistair are sincere about this, that after losing Ethan,
they wanted to reach out to me, keep me close to the family.
Pilar: I understand what you're saying. And I can see why you'd want
to go to the party.
Sheridan: I’m glad. Well, I’m going to put this away. Luis, would you
please pour Pilar some champagne?
Luis: Yeah.
Pilar: Mijo, are you crazy? Why on earth would you want to go to a
party thrown by Alistair and Julian, two men who hate you with every fiber of
their being?

Grace: Kay? Honey, you all right?
Kay: Yeah. I’m fine.
Eve: Everybody stay back. Just give Kay some air.
T.C.: Charity and Miguel want to get married?
Sam: Well, it shocked us, too.
Eve: They're both so young. How are you going to deal with this?
Grace: We're not sure.
Sam: You guys have any ideas?
Charity: Aunt Grace and Sam don't seem so thrilled about the idea of
our getting married.
Miguel: Don't worry. I mean, they all know how much we love each
other. We just have to prove to them that we're ready for this kind of
commitment.
Kay: Simone, this changes everything.
Simone: You mean you're finally going to give up on getting Miguel?

Kay: No. I mean I’m going to have to get pregnant by him as soon as
possible. There's no way I’m going to let him marry Charity. No way.
[&quot;Superman&quot; theme plays]
Timmy: Where are Timmy and his princess?
Tabitha: Well, I’m not sure, Timmy. It's been so long since I was
airborne. I don't recognize a thing. Oh, no. Oh, no, it can't be.
Timmy: What is it, Tabby?
Tabitha: Oh. If the key to destroying Charity and Miguel is there in
that house, we're in for some hellacious times, doll face. All of Harmony is
going to be rocked to its very core.
Tabitha: Oh! The key to keeping Charity and Miguel apart can't be in
that house, Timmy. It simply can't be. I never want to go into that house again.

Timmy: Why not?
Tabitha: Oh, I haven't got time to explain now. Just help me steer the
divining rod away from that house or we're going to crash in the damn living
room!

Pilar: Why are the Cranes suddenly being so nice, so supportive of
Sheridan? They cannot be happy that she's engaged to you.
Luis: I know. And I understand your concern. I had misgivings about
the party, too. Sheridan wanted to go so badly, I couldn't refuse her.
Pilar: I know that having her father throw her this party means the
world to Sheridan. She craves his love and approval since he didn't give it to
her as a child. Alistair knows this, and that's why he's playing on her
neediness.
Luis: Yeah, but there's nothing Alistair or Julian can do to tear us
apart, especially at a party. There will be lots of people around.
Pilar: Oh, do not kid yourself, Mijo. Alistair Crane can do anything
he wants, and if he wants to tear you and Sheridan apart --
Luis: Mama --
Pilar: He can and he will. Now, I know that you love Sheridan and that
Theresa loves Ethan, but I cannot believe my luck.
Luis: What are you talking about?
Pilar: The one thing that I feared the most was that my children would
somehow get mixed up with the Cranes, and now it has come to pass. Thank heaven
that Miguel is in love with Charity. I cannot imagine that he will ever cause me
such worry.

Sam: Are you sure you're ok?
Kay: I’m fine, dad. Thanks.
Sam: Good. Now that Kay's all right, we can deal with your little
announcement. So, you say you've decided to get married?
Miguel: As soon as possible. We're thinking maybe a double ceremony
with Ethan and Theresa.
Charity: And if Luis and Sheridan decide to get married, we can make
it a triple wedding.
Kay: No. You can't get married.
Charity: Kay, we thought you'd be happy for us.
Kay: Well, I am. But, Charity, we're not even finished with high
school yet. How can you guys be thinking about getting married?
Grace: Kay's right. I mean, where are you going to live?
Sam: And how would you support yourselves?
Miguel: We've got all that covered. Charity and I both have full
scholarships to college next year. So we can live in the married dorms while
we're at school, and over the summer, we can work to pay for an apartment.
Charity: Right. And after we graduate, we'll have jobs.
Eve: Why don't you just wait till you graduate to get married. I mean,
there's no need to rush anything.
T.C.: Eve's right. You guys are so young. I think you're making a
mistake.
Miguel: We aren't making a mistake, coach Russell. We love each other.

Charity: We're soul mates.
Eve: Yeah, well, I know that you think that you are now, but when
you're young, your judgment is -- is not what it should be. And you think that
you know the person and that's the one you want to be with, but sometimes it
doesn't turn out that way.

Julian: I've never met anyone like you. You can fight me, but I know
you want me as much as I want you, don't you, Eve? Don't you?
Ivy: Well, still thick as thieves, I see.
Julian: Get off your high horse. Nothing's going to happen to Luis and
Sheridan at their engagement party.
Ivy: What about before the party or after?
Julian: Pity your imagination wasn't this active in bed.
Ivy: Who are you inviting to the party, Julian?
Julian: Oh, the whole town can come if they wish.
Rebecca: The more, the merrier.
Julian: Indeed.
Ivy: Ok, wait a minute. The two of you snobs are willing to mingle
with the local folk? Oh, my, my, my. Yes, something is up, indeed.
Julian: Oh, Ivy --
[Tabitha and Timmy scream]
Ivy: Do you hear that?
Rebecca: Hear what?
Ivy: Sounds like people screaming in terror -- a woman and a little
boy.
Rebecca: Oh. You're right.
Julian: Sounds like they're getting closer.
Ivy: Sounds like they're coming straight this way.
[Screaming]
Tabitha: Oh. I hope you don't mind me dropping by unannounced.

Pilar: Luis, do not go to this party. You will be courting disaster.

Luis: Mama, look, Sheridan and I, we love each other, all right? The
Cranes, they can't take that away from us.
Pilar: Well, you were once against Theresa marrying Ethan because he
was a Crane. You thought that Ethan's family would hurt Theresa. So why do you
think they wouldn't hurt you and Sheridan?
Luis: It's different.
Pilar: How, Luis? Because you're a man?
Luis: Well, yeah.
Pilar: So was your father, Mijo. My Martin. And you think they're
responsible for his disappearance.
Sheridan: Pilar, I’m sorry. I couldn't help but hear how concerned you
are. You know Luis is only going to the party for my sake.
Pilar: Oh, it's true, I do fear for my son. But I’m afraid for you,
too, Sheridan. Ever since Ivy married Julian, I have worked in the Crane
mansion. For several years, I even lived in this cottage with my family, before
we were thrown out like trash. The Cranes can be as cruel as they can be kind.

Sheridan: I can understand you being concerned. Maybe I should be,
too. I mean, if the people I trust are in such a state over this, then maybe I
should rethink going to the party.
Luis: What are you planning to do?
Sheridan: I’m going to go up to the main house and talk to Julian and
Rebecca again, just to see what's really going on.
Pilar: I think that's a good idea.
Luis: Why don't we all go up to the mansion.
Pilar: And, Sheridan, promise me that if -- if you sense that your
brother and Mrs. Hotchkiss are insincere, please, just refuse to attend.
Sheridan: I promise.
Pilar: Gracias a dios.

Ivy: Are you all right?
Tabitha: Oh, yes. Aside from being a bit embarrassed, dear, I’m fine.

Ivy: You're Tabitha Lennox, right?
Tabitha: Yes. How kind of you to remember.
Julian: My God. It's that doll.
Rebecca: What about it?
Julian: I've talked to it twice -- once on the Godforsaken prom boat
and again when I was trapped in the mineshaft.
Rebecca: Really?
Julian: Yes, really. Something strange about that old woman and her
freaky doll. Even father warned me to stay away from her.
Rebecca: Pookie, I think you need a drink, a big, stiff drink.
Julian: I know what I saw. That doll is alive. It can come to life.
I've talked to it.
Ivy: Are you sure you're all right?
Tabitha: Yes, yes, I’m fine. But a glass of water would be nice. I
think I have something -- dust or something caught in my throat.
Ivy: Yeah, of course, of course. I'll go get you some.
Tabitha: Thank you. Are you all right, lad?
Timmy: Timmy's fine. But what now?
Tabitha: Well, I’m not really sure. But I do know that the divining
rod brought us here because there's something hidden in this house, a key that
will help us keep Charity and Miguel apart. All we have to do is find it.
Timmy: So, just another carefree day for Timmy and Tabby.
Tabitha: Oh, just save the sarcasm. Ivy's going to be back with my
water any minute.
Timmy: Tabby needs more than water to calm her nerves. Come to think
of it, so does Timmy. Timmy's going to go find a place I can make some
Martimmys.
Tabitha: All right, but just be careful. And keep a lookout for
anything that will help our cause with Charity and Miguel, ok?
Ivy: Here you go.
Tabitha: Thank you.
Ivy: So, Ms. Lennox --
Tabitha: Tabitha. Please call me Tabitha.
Ivy: Tabitha, what made you decide to drop in?
Tabitha: Oh, this -- my divining rod.

T.C.: Eve, are you all right?
Eve: I’m sorry. It's just, you know, I see so many young people at the
hospital who have made bad decisions, and I don't want Charity and Miguel to
become part of the ranks.
Sam: We won't let that happen.
Miguel: Celebrating our love by getting married is not a bad decision.

Charity: Please, just give us your blessing.
Grace: I’m sorry, we can't.
Sam: We just don't think it's a good idea.
Miguel: But you and Mrs. Bennett see how much we love each other.
Grace: Oh, we do. It's just that love can change.
Miguel: Nothing is going to change between Charity and me.
Sam: Look, let's try to find some middle ground here. Charity, I don't
know if you've ever heard me say this to Kay and Jessica, but it's always been
Grace's and my policy that as long as the kids live under our roof, they must
abide by our rules. But when they turn 18, if they can support themselves, they
can move out of the house and do whatever they want.
Miguel: So you're saying that when Charity turns 18, we can get
married?
Sam: What I’m saying is when you both turn 18, if you both can support
yourselves, well, you can do whatever you want.
Grace: But we will be there as your family to give you all the support
and love that you need.
Sam: But -- and it's still a big but -- Grace and I still don't think
that you should get married so young.
Miguel: We understand. But we're going to prove to you all that you're
wrong. I mean, Charity and I are in love, and we're always going to be together.

Kay: Not only are they not always going to be together, that's one
wedding that's never going to happen. I’m going to do whatever it takes to make
sure of that. Whatever it takes. .

Grace: Eve, when you were talking to the kids about young love, you
were thinking about Julian, weren't you?
Eve: You know, it's not that I think that Charity and Miguel have too
much to worry about, but whenever I see two people who are getting so serious so
young, I can't help but think about my mistake with Julian. I mean, we didn't
get married, although I would have if he had asked me, but I did get pregnant.
Even though our baby died, I can't forget that he was born.
Grace: You know, Eve, I just hate to see you carry this burden all by
yourself. Are you sure you can't talk to T.C. about it?
Eve: Oh, now, Grace, we've been over this already. You know that T.C.
hates Julian with a passion. If he were to find out that I'd had an affair with
Julian before we met, he'd never forgive me. I'd lose my husband and my family.

Ivy: I’m sorry. You said your -- your divining rod?
Tabitha: Oh, yes, well, being a senior citizen, I live on a fixed
income. And sometimes money gets tight. So my divining rod has often led me to
hidden treasures. And this time, it zeroed in on you good people.
Julian: I assure you, there are no hidden treasures here. It's all out
in the open.
Tabitha: A subtlety lost on my rod, I’m afraid.
Julian: Where is it?
Rebecca: What?
Julian: Where's that little doll of yours?

Timmy: Timmy remembers being here. He came to get the pouch of curses
from the desk Tabitha sold to the Cranes to turn her from a fish back into a
witch. As Timmy remembers, the library had a very well-stocked bar that had
everything to make Martimmys.
Timmy: Jackpot.
Timmy: Now that Timmy thinks about it, being in this big house might
not be so bad after all.
Julian: Where's the gnome? Lying in wait, no doubt.
Rebecca: What -- Julian, what is wrong with you? I thought I was the
only living doll in your life.
Julian: This is no time for jokes. I’m telling you, that doll is
alive. Since he isn't here, it must mean he's on the loose in the house. I have
to find him.
Rebecca: Julian, wait! He's just a doll. Maybe the maid just moved him
when she was cleaning.
Ivy: Oh. So, Tabitha, could I have one of the drivers take you home,
perhaps? Oh, Luis and Sheridan, Julian told me about your engagement.
Congratulations.
Sheridan: Thank you, Ivy.
Luis: Yeah, thanks. What happened here?
Tabitha: Let's just say I barged in. Leave it at that. Congratulations
on your engagement, you two. You make a lovely couple.
Luis: Thank you.
Tabitha's voice: I'd wish you all the happiness in the world, but I've
seen your futures, dears, and this summer will bring you all the pain in the
world -- both of you.
Sheridan: We came to talk to Julian. Is he around?
Ivy: He and Rebecca just stepped out. I’m sure they'll be back.
Tabitha's voice: I hope they don't catch Timmy living it up.

Rebecca: You know, I think the stress that Alistair has you under is
finally starting to take its toll here. I mean, dolls don't just suddenly come
to life and roam around houses.
Julian: Toy tot must be around here somewhere.
Rebecca: Julian, you know, I have those little blue pills. Why don't I
get you one of those? You'll feel better right away.
Julian: I won't rest until I find that runaway rag doll.
Julian: Aha!

Miguel: As soon as you turn 18, we can get married with your aunt and
uncle's blessing.
Charity: It's really exciting. I can't wait.
Kay: If they're planning on getting married as soon as she turns 18, I
don't have much time.
Simone: Why can't you just let Charity and Miguel be happy?
Kay: Simone, you're supposed to be my best friend. What about my
happiness?
Simone: I want you to be happy, Kay. It just seems like every time you
scheme to get Miguel, something bad happens, like selling your soul and ending
up in hell. By the way, shouldn't you be concentrating on getting your soul
back?
Kay: I can't worry about that right now. I have to find a way to get
Miguel in bed and fast.
Eve: So Sam met with Ivy and they looked through pictures of Ethan
growing up? Oh, Grace. Now, I have to agree with Pilar. This pushing Sam to
resolve his feelings with Ivy is just asking for trouble.
Grace: Eve, I can't help it. I have to know that Sam loves me and only
me. The only way for him to do that is to resolve his feelings with Ivy. Now, if
he spends some time with her and then he still comes back to me, well, then I
will believe that he truly loves me.
Eve: There is another possibility, Grace. What if Ivy pulls some trick
on Sam to get him to leave you? Are you prepared to lose Sam for good?
Sam: Look, you're wrong, T.C. I’m not pining after all the time I
missed with Ivy. I love Grace. I wouldn't change the time I've spent with her
for anything.
T.C.: Well, I just hope you're being honest with yourself.
Sam: I am, T.C. There's nothing for you or Grace to worry about.
T.C.: Good.

Pilar: What do you think about this party? Are Julian and Alistair
planning to hurt Luis and Sheridan?
Ivy: That's definitely what I thought when I first heard about it. But
now I -- I don't know. I mean, maybe Alistair and Julian are reaching out to
Sheridan.
Pilar: I wish I could believe that.
Ivy: Well, if it makes you feel any better, I am not 100% sure myself.
But we have to remember that Luis and Sheridan are both intelligent people.
They'll know that this party could be a threat to their future happiness, and
they will both come prepared. I really don't think we have anything to worry
about. Try not to fret, please, Pilar. After all, I'll be at the party, too, to
help you keep an eye on things. After all, this party means something to me.
Pilar: What are you talking about?
Ivy: The party's a perfect opportunity for me to spend some time with
Sam, you know, get a little closer.

Rebecca: Nothing is out of the ordinary here, Julian. What are you
aha'ing about?
Julian: This.
Rebecca: That?
Julian: This is the drink the doll makes. He calls it a -- uh --
Martimmy. They're actually quite tasty.
Rebecca: Julian, you're -- you're trying to tell me that the doll
snuck in here and made itself a drink?
Julian: Well, there's the proof.
Rebecca: Well, then why isn't the doll drinking it?
Julian: Well, he obviously left.
Rebecca: Honey, you need to lie down. Let me get you those pills.
Julian: No, don't bother. I'll drink this instead. Oh. Ooh. What have
we here?
Rebecca: What? It's a button, Julian.
Julian: Yes, but not just any button, Becks. This is from the doll's
glove. I must find that doll.
Rebecca: I guess I could have him committed. After we're married.
First, there are more important matters to take care of.
[Telephone rings]
Alistair: What is it, Rebecca?
Rebecca: Alistair. How did you know it was me?
Alistair: I have my ways. Now, what is it you want?
Rebecca: Well, I -- I wanted to talk to you about Luis and Sheridan's
engagement party. You see, I have a few ideas I wanted to run by you, if that's
all right.
Alistair: I’m listening.

&nbsp;
Sheridan: Well, if Julian doesn't show up soon, then we'll just go
look for him.
Timmy: How's Tabby feeling?
Tabitha: Fine, now that I've got this wondrous elixir in my hand. So,
did you see anything on your wanderings that might be the key to keeping Charity
and Miguel apart?
Timmy: No, but, as Tabby can tell, Timmy found all the ingredients to
make an excellent batch of Martimmy.
Tabitha: Indeed.
Sheridan: Oh, Julian.
Timmy: Julian's drinking the Martimmy Timmy made for himself.
Tabitha: Shh. Go into doll mode right now. It's going to be hard
enough to stay in this house long enough to find the key to nix Charity and
Miguel without you causing any ruckus.
Sheridan: Are you and father really throwing us a party to celebrate
our engagement?
Julian: Yes. Of course. Where did you get that drink?
Tabitha: I made it myself. I hope you don't mind.
Sheridan: So who exactly is invited?
Luis: Yes. Is it just our families or what?
Julian: You're welcome to invite whomever you like. Ask the whole town
for all I care.
Tabitha: This is our chance, Tim-Tim, our ticket in. The whole town is
welcome, you say? Well, thank you, Mr. Crane. Timmy and I would love to come to
Luis and Sheridan's engagement party.

Sam: Do they remind you of someone?
Grace: Who?
Sam: Young love always reminds me of us when we first started going
out. Remember how we used to hold hands and talk all the time? We couldn't wait
to get married, just like Charity and Miguel. We even looked at each other
exactly the same way.
Grace: Yeah, well, that was then.
Sam: We can get it back again. We can get those feelings back again,
Grace. Just, please, tell me we'll try. I love you so much. Tell me we can get
those feelings back again.
Simone: I still can't believe you're going to try to get pregnant by
Miguel.
Kay: It's the only way to get what I want, Simone. And I want Miguel.
I just have to do it fast, before she turns 18 and they have a chance to get
married.
Simone: This is wrong, Kay. It's so -- so wrong.
Kay: I know I can seduce him. And once he finds out I’m pregnant,
there's no way he'll leave me for Charity.
Pilar: Using Luis and Sheridan's engagement party to get closer to Sam
is a horrible idea.
Ivy: No, it isn't, Pilar. Sam will be there because of Luis. I'll be
there because of Sheridan as well as Ethan. It'll be like we're a real family,
the family we should have been if first my father and then Julian and Alistair
hadn't manipulated us, ripped me away from Sam.
Pilar: Aren't you doing the same thing to Sam and Grace that the
Cranes did to you -- manipulating them, destroying their love? How can you cause
them so much pain, Ivy? How can you?

Alistair: I’m impressed with you, Rebecca. I only hope you can deliver
what you promised.
Rebecca: Oh, I will. Before Luis and Sheridan's engagement party is
over, they will be torn apart forever.
Alistair: If they are, I'll welcome you into the family with open
arms.
Rebecca: Ah! That is exactly what I wanted to hear. See, Luis and
Sheridan are finished. Their relationship is as good as dead.
Julian: You're coming to the party?
Tabitha: Yes. Thank you so much for inviting us. I know we'll have a
lovely time.
Julian: &quot;Us&quot;? You're serious about bringing your Timmy doll?
Tabitha: Oh, absolutely. I never go anywhere without my Timmy.
Tabitha: I know it will be a lovely party because you're such a lovely
pair.
Sheridan: Thank you, Tabitha.
Luis: Would you excuse us? I don't think that Julian and Rebecca
expected batty old Tabitha to come to our engagement party.
Sheridan: Well, it'll add character. I mean, not every engagement
party has a dotty woman walking around with her doll.
Luis: Yeah, but I’m not sure that's a bad thing.
Sheridan: I feel so silly for being worried before you proposed.
Everything is turning out perfectly, just like in my dream. I mean, not only are
we engaged, but my family is finally accepting you, which is why they're
throwing the party. I mean, now I’m sure that nothing will go wrong.
Tabitha: The party will give us the perfect
opportunity to find out what this house has to help us keep Charity and Miguel
from getting married, even if we have to rip the whole place apart room by room.
Otherwise, it's doomsday for both of us. Yes, evil will be at this party, Timmy,
mark my words. Major evil.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 5/21/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 5/21/01






Proofread by
 Ebele and
 Elissia
Julian: Let's drink up. It's not every day such a beautiful young
couple gets engaged. It's a cause for celebration.
Rebecca: Not to mention the fact that Alistair and Julian are going to
throw you a party that will be filled with excitement!
Luis: I don't know what's going on here, but I'm not trusting Rebecca
or Julian. And how the hell did Alistair know that we'd gotten engaged? It's not
like I called him to ask for your hand in marriage.
Sheridan: I don't know. I do think it's kind of nice, though, that,
you know, my father and brother want to throw us a party. Maybe they finally
accepted us as being a couple.
Luis: Alistair and Julian? Sheridan, there's no way. They're up to
something.
Sheridan: I'm afraid you're probably right.
Rebecca: I don't think they're buying this one bit.
Julian: They better start buying it. Father ordered us to make sure
that they come to this party so we can split up this ridiculous romance forever.

Rebecca: Yes, but the plan is perfectly in place. I mean, at the
party, Sheridan is going to get her little heart broken when she sees Luis in
bed with another woman. And she won't have a clue that it's actually an imposter
wearing a Luis look-alike mask. But we can't make it happen if they don't go to
the party.
Julian: Trust me, Becks, I can play my sister like a fiddle. Luis and
Sheridan will be at the soiree this evening.
Rebecca: I sure hope so, or Alistair will be serving our heads as
appetizers!
Theresa: I'm all set. Abigail said she’d be able to alter Mrs. Crane's
wedding dress into any style I want. And what are you doing?
Whitney: Just checking out some bridesmaids' dresses on this internet
site I found.
Theresa: You're going to look absolutely beautiful. And my wedding's
going to be perfect.
Whitney: Well, you know what? You seem a lot happier than you were
earlier -- you know, when your friend Gwen was here.
Theresa: Well, can you blame me? I mean, she was going on and on about
my secret. I thought she'd figured out that I knew that Ethan wasn't a Crane and
that I didn't tell him. But she doesn't have a clue.
Whitney: And how can you be so sure, Theresa?
Theresa: Well, come on, Whitney. I mean, you saw how angry she got. If
she really knew my secret, she would have thrown it in my face right then and
there.
Whitney: Ok, if you say so.
Theresa: I know so. Now, my wedding to Ethan, it's going to be a dream
come true. And there is nothing in the whole wide world that could ruin it.
Gwen: You won't be smiling for long, dear, because when your wedding
day comes, I'm going to turn your world upside down. When Ethan finds out that
that e-mail sent to the tabloid revealing his true paternity was really from
your computer, he'll despise you. There's no way he'll ever find out it was
really from my mother and me. You think you're going to have a dream wedding,
don't you? Well, think again because it's going to be your worst nightmare.
Ethan: This is weird -- coming back to the place I used to call home.

Chad: Yeah, I hear you, man. Yeah, but, hey, maybe your luck is
changing, you know? And I think running into that tabloid reporter back at the
gym is a step in the right direction.
Ethan: Yeah, you're right. You know, I think we've got a shot at
finding out who sent that e-mail to the tabloids.
Chad: Yeah. I mean, what we've got to do now is just get our hands on
it.
Ethan: Hmm. I'm going to make sure that happens. And I'm going to
search Case Law, find a way to force that tabloid to turn it over.
Chad: Ok. And if the legal way doesn't work, I've got a few tricks up
my sleeve from my days on the street. Hey, look, between the both of us, we're
going to nail down that e-mail in no time.
Ethan: Yeah. I can't wait to find out the name of the person who
ruined my life because I'm going to tear them apart.
Pilar: Hello, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Pilar, I have so much to tell you. Sam and I had the most
wonderful day.
Pilar: Really?
Ivy: Mm-hmm. Yes, he couldn't get over the photo album of Ethan I
brought, and I told him all kinds of stories about when Ethan was little and
growing up -- oh, like when he was 5 and we had his birthday party here on the
estate. We set up the petting zoo, and the goat chased him all over the entire
place. Oh, we laughed about that.
Pilar: Is that all? Did Sam say anything?
Ivy: Well, he said that he still loves Grace, but that's only for the
time being. Believe me, even Sam can't deny that we connected today. I'm sure in
time he's going to realize that he still loves me. In fact, I bet he's thinking
about me right now.
Ivy: Here's another one.
Sam: Ivy, what is this?
Ivy: It's the way I always pictured us as a family. You know, you and
Ethan and me.

Grace (to herself): I probably was wrong to insist that Sam spend time
with Ivy. Maybe Pilar was right. Maybe I'm
pushing Sam away and destroying my own marriage.
Grace: What happened? You still have feelings for
Ivy?
Grace: I have to know. Do you still have feelings for
Ivy?
Sam: No, I don't. I love you, and I made it clear to
Ivy.
Grace: You did?
Sam: Absolutely. I told her the truth -- that you're the only woman
that I love and that my life with you and the kids is all the life that I want.

Grace: You really mean that?
Sam: Absolutely, from the bottom of my heart. There's nothing
Ivy or anyone else could do to take me
away from you.
Grace: I was so worried when you were gone.
Sam: Hey, you don't have to worry. I can meet
Ivy 100 times at the Book Cafe,
and it wouldn't change my feelings for you.
Sam: Grace -- honey, what's the matter?
Grace: It's a premonition I had about you and
Ivy at the Book
Cafe. I mean, you were talking and
laughing, and, Sam, you were kissing her.
Sam: Ivy, you have to get that premonition out of your mind. It's not
what happened. I told you what I said to Ivy.

Grace: That you love me and our life together? But is that all you
talked about? Are you keeping more secrets from me?
Ivy: Oh. Pilar, being with Sam today, it was just -- it was like old
times. It felt like we could talk about everything, anything. Pilar, can't you
just try to be happy for me?
Pilar: I'm afraid I cannot. You were talking about a man who's married
to another woman -- a woman who happens to be a very dear friend of mine.
Ivy: I thought I was a very dear
friend of yours--
Pilar: Well, yes, you are, and that's why I must tell you that I -- I
just cannot approve of your actions.
Ivy: Grace is the one telling Sam to spend time with me.
Pilar: Grace is so confused right now. She's been through a lot. And
she's very emotional, and I am afraid that she will regret pushing you and Sam
together for the rest of her life.
Ivy: Well, I can't control what Grace
does or says.
Pilar: No, but you can control your actions. What you are doing is
wrong. And as your friend, I will not support you.
Ivy: Well, I'm sorry you feel that way. But I am not the one breaking
up Grace and Sam's marriage. Grace is doing that all by herself. Besides,
breaking up relationships, that's what Alistair and Julian do. That's not what I
do.
Julian: Trust me, Becks. This is child's play for a master manipulator
such as myself. My sister and her low-rent lover will be at this party. It will
be a night they shall remember forever.
Rebecca: Well, I don't mean to play devil's advocate or anything, but
the last time you used the imposter to break them up, it only worked for a
little while. Alistair specifically ordered us to break them up forever.
Julian: Aren't you the little turncoat? What happened to &quot;stand by
your man&quot;?
Rebecca: Oh, pookie. Oh, don't misunderstand me. I have all the
confidence in the world in you and your abilities.
Julian: That's more like it.
Rebecca: It's just that as your future wife,
I want to do everything I can to help you. So is there anything I
can do to ensure that Luis and Sheridan come to the party?
Julian: Absolutely not. I'm perfectly equipped to handle this, along
with more enjoyable activities. Why on earth would anyone miss a lavish party
thrown in their honor?
Luis: We want to thank you for offering to throw us a party.
Julian: Well, well, no. There's no thanks necessary. There's nothing I
wouldn't do for --
Luis: But we won't be coming. I know you're up to something, and
Sheridan and I want no part of it.
Theresa: That dress would look fantastic on you.
Whitney: Yes, that one. Oh, my
gosh, it's so beautiful, and it goes perfectly with the flowers that you've
already picked out.
Theresa: This is so amazing. And I still can't get over how gorgeous
my gown's going to be.
Whitney: It was so generous of Mrs. Crane to let you just completely
alter her wedding dress like that. It's definitely going to keep the cost of the
wedding way down.
Theresa: Yeah, tell me about it. I mean, now that Ethan's no longer a
Crane, we can't exactly afford to spend a billion dollars. But it doesn't
matter. All that matters is that Ethan is standing next to me at the altar.
Whitney: Are you sure that's all that matters, Theresa? Don't forget,
after the ceremony comes the actual marriage.
Theresa: And what are you saying?
Whitney: I'm saying that you still haven't told Ethan that you knew he
wasn't a Crane. You cannot go into
marriage keeping secrets like that.
Theresa: Whitney, everything is going to be fine.
Whitney: How do you know that? If Ethan finds out from someone else
that you knew the truth, he's going to be furious with you, Theresa.
Theresa: You know what? You worry way too much because there's no way
he's going to find out from anyone else.
Whitney: Yeah, unless Gwen really does know something. And I would not
count out Mrs. Hotchkiss, ok? I felt the temperature in the room go way down
when she told you that you need to watch your back.
Theresa: No, you're wrong. If Gwen and Rebecca really knew my secret,
they would have told Ethan by now. Now, as far as Ethan's concerned, I will tell
him when the time is right.
Whitney: And when exactly is that going to be?
Theresa: I'm not sure. But just trust me. He doesn't have to know
everything right now.
Ethan: What are you talking about? What don't I need to know?
Ethan: Well, Theresa, what is it I
don't have to know?
Theresa: You don't need to know what my wedding gown looks like. I
mean, after all, it is bad luck for the groom to see the gown before the
wedding.
Ethan: Well, I guess it's too late now.
Theresa: Nope. That isn't my wedding dress. It was just one of the
styles I was trying on. So you'll just have to wait.
Ethan: I'm sure whatever you're wearing, you'll look beautiful.
Chad: Oh, you two can't go two minutes without locking lips, can you?

Whitney: I know. Give me a break, please.
Theresa: Ok. Ok. How did the workout go?
Chad: Ah, actually, you won't believe who we ran into at the gym.
Whitney: Yeah? Who?
Ethan: That sleaze-ball reporter who works for the tabloid -- the one
who broke the story about my paternity.
Theresa: Are you kidding? Well, what happened?
Chad: Well, I went up to him, and -- actually, I pretended like
I was into being a reporter just so I
could milk the guy for some info.
Ethan: Yeah.
Whitney: Ok. Well, what did he say?
Ethan: Well, he told us that he got an e-mail with the information
about me not being a Crane.
Whitney: Well, we knew that already.
Chad: Yeah, but hold up. See, after that, I totally played him. You
know, told him how smart and talented I thought he was. I actually gave him the
idea to put a name to the e-mail address.
Theresa: Well, can he do that? I mean, can he actually track down the
name of the person who sent the e-mail?
Ethan: Yeah. I mean, he told us he has connections to all the big
e-mail providers. Then all it would take is a phone call.
Theresa: But, Ethan, that's fantastic news! Then you would know
exactly who sent the e-mail to the tabloid -- and exactly who didn't. He'll know
that I had nothing to do with the tabloid finding out that he wasn't a Crane!

Gwen: Come on, mother, pick up your phone. Damn it, where are you? Hi,
mother, I know that you said that we should wait until Ethan and Theresa's
wedding to expose the lying tramp, but I really don't think I can wait that
long. All I can think about is ruining her pathetic life. Call me. You better
call soon, mother, or I might just blow her out of the water right away.
Pilar: The bond of marriage is sacred, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Well, let's not forget that Grace is the one who is practically
shoving Sam into my arms. It's not like I went after him.
Pilar: Oh, my God! That is not
true, and you know it. You pursued Sam time and time again. Too many incidents
to count. Kissing him under the mistletoe right here at the Christmas party.
Stowing away in his boat. My God, you even
followed Sam and Grace on their romantic
getaway at the ski lodge.
Ivy: Well -- well, that was different. Then I just wanted to have an
affair with Sam.
Pilar: Oh, and what exactly is different now?
Ivy: Now? Now I want it all. Sam and I can have a fresh start. He
knows that Ethan is his son. We can be a real family.
Pilar: What about the family that Sam has with Grace?
Ivy: Grace told Sam that she wanted him to explore his feelings for
me. I'm only doing what Sam's wife wants.
Pilar: You're just taking advantage of the situation because Grace is
vulnerable and confused right now.
Ivy: Well, Grace may be confused
right now, but I am not. I have a chance with Sam, and this time he will be
mine.
Grace: Sam, it is so important that you resolve your past with
Ivy. I have to know that I am the only
woman in your heart.
Sam: Listen, I love you, and there's no space for any other woman in
my heart because I love you and only you.
Grace: How can I be sure?
Sam: Grace, I don't need to meet with Ivy
to know how I feel. Now, let's get on with our lives together. Stop pushing me
away before we do some real damage to our relationship.
Grace: Look, Sam, I don't want to see our relationship breaking up. I
want it back. It's just that ever since I found out you haven't been honest with
me, I've been so lost.
Sam: Lost?
Grace: I don't know. It's just -- I guess it's because of my amnesia.
I mean, there are so many years in my past that I don't know anything about that
I need to know exactly what is going on in my life right now. I need you to be
completely honest with me.
Sam: You can count on me.
Grace: I just don't know what to do.
Sam: Come here. Don't cry.
Grace: What are those pictures?
Sam: They're not important.
Grace: I think I should see them.
Pilar: I really wish you would listen to me about interfering in Sam
and Grace's marriage.
Ivy: No, Pilar. I wish you would listen to me. Sam and I really
connected today.
Pilar: How do you know that?
Ivy: Because I saw the old twinkle in his eye when I showed him the
picture.
Pilar: What picture?
Ivy: I showed him a picture of Ethan when he was young, and then I
showed him a computer-generated picture of the three of us, just like we were a
real family.
Pilar: How could you do that? You were trying to manipulate Sam's
emotions.
Ivy: No, I was trying to show him what could have been, and he was
affected. He is still interested in me.
Pilar: No, Ivy, he was
interested in Ethan -- the son you kept from him since he was born. That does
not mean he was interested in you.
Ivy: Well, now that is just a matter of opinion.
Pilar: No, Mrs. Crane. The fact is Sam has a wife and children. So
leave him alone, because if you do not, you will cause yourself and others
tremendous pain.
Julian: I must have heard you wrong. Surely you wouldn't miss a party
in your own honor.
Luis: No, you heard me. You heard me loud and clear. We're not coming.

Julian: Let's not be hasty here. Let's talk this through like rational
adults.
Luis: There's nothing rational about you or your father. And speaking
of Alistair, how did he even know that Sheridan and I were engaged?
Julian: Well, there's really nothing to be suspicious about. Father
merely likes to keep an eye on his family.
Rebecca: That's an understatement.
Julian: But frankly, that's not the point. The point is, father was
thrilled with the news of your engagement. He wants to welcome Sheridan's future
husband to the family. And he wanted his daughter to know that he supports her.

Sheridan: He really wanted that?
Julian: Yes, sister dear. He wanted you to know that we all support
you and that he loves you.
Sheridan: Father said he loves me?
Julian: Yes. You are his pride and joy. We all support you, and we all
love you.
Luis: Sheridan, please. Please don't start buying this.
Sheridan: Maybe Julian's being sincere. Maybe father really wants to
show us his support.
Luis: Sheridan, you were never able to trust Alistair and Julian. Why
start now?
Sheridan: You're probably right. I guess I just wanted to believe that
they'd changed their minds about us.
Sheridan: Thank you for coming down here, but we can't accept your
offer. We won't be coming to the party.
Julian: But you can't --
Rebecca: Julian, please, could you step outside? I'd like a moment
alone with the newly engaged couple.
Julian: Excuse me?
Rebecca: Please, Julian?
Julian: Excuse me.
Luis: You're not going to change our minds. There's no way we're going
to that party.
Julian: Hello, father.
Alistair: Have Luis and Sheridan agreed to attend tonight's
festivities?
Julian: Ah, well, things aren't actually going exactly according to
plan.
Alistair: Why does that not surprise me? When you're involved, Julian,
nothing ever goes as planned. Can you at least tell me what's going on, or is
that too difficult for you?
Julian: Rebecca is in the cottage right now, trying to convince them
to come to the engagement party.
Alistair: You better hope your little floozy can work some magic.
Because if she doesn't, Sheridan is one dead woman, and you and Rebecca will be
the ones killing her.
Grace: If they're not important, I should be able to look at them.
Sam: Grace --
Sam: Grace, listen to me -- these pictures mean nothing.
Grace: That picture of you and Ivy
and Ethan -- did Ivy have that made?
Sam: Yes, she did. And I told her she shouldn't have done it. I was
going to throw them away.
Grace: You shouldn't do that. It's a picture of your other family.
Sam: No, I have one family -- the one I have with you and the kids.
Now, I swear to you, God, these pictures mean nothing.
Grace: That's not true. They were given to you by your past love.
Sam: That's right -- my past love. Ivy is not in my present or my
future.
Grace: I'm not so sure that Ivy
is in your past. Her father tore the two of you apart. It wasn't your choice to
end that relationship.
Sam: It doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. Look, I love only you.
Grace: Did you hide those pictures
from me because you still have feelings for
Ivy?
Ivy: Pilar, you have been my friend for how many years? Don't you
remember how happy I was when I was with Sam?
Pilar: Of course I do. At the mere mention of his name, your face
would light up.
Ivy: It was the most wonderful feeling in the world, and I want to
feel like that again.
Pilar: I understand. I do. But a lot has changed since then.
Ivy: All right, all right, fine. Just -- I don't want to fight
anymore. Today is supposed to be a wonderful day for our children. I mean,
Theresa is finalizing the design on her gown and picking out bridesmaids’
dresses for her wedding with Ethan. It should be a joyous day for our children.

Pilar: You're right. I would not want Theresa to hear her mother and
future mother-in-law arguing.
Ivy: So we will just have to agree to disagree. Now, come on, let's go
and see if there's anything else that Theresa needs.
Pilar: I'll be right there, Mrs. Crane.
Pilar: Oh, Theresa. Hmm. I always want to see you smiling like that,
Teresita. But I have this feeling that Ivy's
actions will affect everyone in Harmony. No one's life will ever be the same
again.
Theresa: This is so great! Soon you'll know exactly who sent the
e-mail to the tabloid.
Chad: Whoa, whoa. Don't get ahead of yourself there, all right,
because this story ain't exactly got the happiest of endings.
Theresa: Well, what happened?
Ethan: Well, the reporter found Chad and me talking. He recognized me
and realized that Chad was just trying to get information out of him.
Theresa: Oh, no.
Ethan: Yeah -- but we're not going to give up. I mean, as an attorney,
I can find a way to force them to release the information.
Chad: Hey, and if that doesn't work, you know, I've got a few ways of
my own I'm going to try -- a thing or two I picked up on the street.
Whitney: Well, hopefully they won't give Ethan a hard time.
Theresa: And then we can put this horrible situation behind us and
move on with our lives.
Ethan: Right. Speaking of moving on with our lives,
I need to make some phone calls about
apartments so we can have a place to live once we get married. I'll be right
back.
Theresa: This is so amazing. If Ethan finds out who sent the e-mail,
then he'll know I had nothing to do with anyone finding out that he was Sam
Bennett's son.
Whitney: All right, you've got a point there, Theresa. But at the same
time, that doesn't change the fact that you knew the truth and you didn't clue
him in.
Theresa: But it doesn't matter. Once Ethan knows that I had nothing to
do with the information getting to the tabloid, I can tell him I knew, and he'll
have no reason to hate me.
Whitney: Well, I just hope you're right, Theresa.
Theresa: I know I am. This is the most wonderful news ever!
Gwen (to herself): Revenge is sweet, Theresa. And I can't wait to give
you everything you deserve.
Priest: If anyone knows a reason why this couple should not be joined
in the bonds of holy matrimony, let them speak now or --
Gwen: You better believe I have a reason!
Ethan: What, is this true? Are you the person who ruined my life?
Theresa: No. No, this can't be.
Ethan: Well, it says in here that the e-mail came from your computer.
It gave your e-mail address.
Theresa: No that’s not true, Ethan. I never sent that!
Ethan: How could you do this to me? I never want to see you again.
Theresa: Don't say that, Ethan. You love me.
Ethan: No, I don't. I despise you. Good-bye.
Ethan: Father -- father, wait. I'm going to need you for a minute.
Gwen, I'm sorry. I never should have left you. You're the one I really love.
Gwen: Mother's right. The wedding day is the perfect time to expose
you as a two-bit tramp, and I can't think of a more perfect wedding gift.
'Something new from pledge.’
Alistair: What's going on now, Julian? Can you hear anything?
Julian: Oh, sorry, father. I left my spy kit at home.
Alistair: If I were you, I wouldn't be joking. You better hope Rebecca
can convince Sheridan and her brutish boyfriend to attend the party.
Julian: Don't worry, father. Um, Rebecca is very good at getting what
she wants. She's a very resourceful woman.
Alistair: You're finally right about something. Rebecca is indeed a
resourceful woman.
Rebecca: All I ask is that you hear me out.
Luis: Oh, I haven't forgotten the last time I heard you out. You got a
hell of a lot of joy telling me about Ethan and Theresa's relationship.
Rebecca: You have to admit I was telling you the truth. And I'm trying
to tell you the truth here. Sheridan, this party comes from Julian's and
Alistair's hearts.
Luis: Well, where's the truth in that? Julian and Alistair have no
hearts.
Rebecca: Look, you may not know this, but when Ethan's true paternity
was revealed, the two of them were devastated.
Sheridan: I saw how they treated Ethan. They cast him out as if he
were a total stranger.
Rebecca: You know that the Crane men are raised never to show their
emotions in public. What, they were torn apart and they know that if they don't
accept Luis, well, they could lose you, too.
Sheridan: I just don't know.
Rebecca: Look, just accept this olive branch from your brother and
your father. I mean, after all, is an extravagant party such a hardship to get
your family's love?
Chad: Theresa, look, don't wait until Ethan finds out about the
e-mail. You've got to tell him you knew the truth about his pops now.
Whitney: Secrets have a way of backfiring, Theresa. Big time!
Theresa: But I don't have to tell him now. When we find out who sent
the e-mail, I will be in the clear because Ethan will know that it did not come
from me.
Mrs. Crane! Guess what -- my wedding gown is going to be perfect.
Pilar: Oh, I know you'll make a beautiful bride, Teresita.
Ivy: So Abigail provided everything you needed?
Theresa: Oh, absolutely. And I cannot thank you enough, Mrs. Crane.

Ivy: It was my pleasure.
Theresa: Thanks.
Ivy: Every bride should have the dress she dreams about for her
wedding.
Chad: Hey, you know what? This is definitely my cue to exit because I
ain't got much to say on the topic of wedding dresses, so I think I'm going to
go and find Ethan.
Ivy: Ethan's here?
Chad: Yeah. He's making a couple of phone calls.
Ivy: Would you have him come and see me when he's done?
Chad: Yeah. No problem.
Ivy: Thank you.
Ivy: Well, what about you, Whitney? Did you find any bridesmaid's
dresses?
Whitney: Oh, no, not yet, but we found a bunch of web sites.
Theresa: And -- yeah, and Abigail left us fabric catalogs, too.
Ivy: Oh, let me see.
Whitney: Oh. I'll show you.
Ivy: Ok. Ooh, pretty. Wait, wait, wait. Oh, this would make a
beautiful bridesmaid's dress.
Whitney: Yeah, that is very beautiful, but it's a little out of my
price range, but we found a bunch of wonderful fabrics on the internet that
would be just fine.
Ivy: Well -- well, don't worry about the price, darling. I'd be more
than happy to pay for your dress.
Whitney: Oh, no. No. Thank you, Mrs. Crane. Don't worry about it.
Ivy: Oh. Well, all right. Why don't you show me the designs on the
internet you found.
Whitney: Ok.
Theresa: I'll show you. I mean, there are so many incredible styles.

Ivy: Ok.
Whitney: I really hope I didn't hurt Mrs. Crane's feelings, but my
parents would kill me if I accepted anything from the Cranes.
Pilar: Oh, I understand. Your parents hate the Cranes just like
everyone else in this town.
Whitney: They have a way of destroying everything that they touch.
Pilar: Well, I hope and pray that's not the case.
Whitney: I don't think you have anything to worry about, Mrs. Lopez
Fitzgerald. I think Theresa and Luis are going to be just fine. Ethan isn't even
a Crane, and Sheridan seems really nice.
Pilar: Well, I hope you're right. But, you know, I worry about my
children being so close to the Cranes, and sometimes I fear that both my
children will be destroyed.
Grace: I need you to be completely honest with me. Do you still have
feelings for Ivy?
Sam: I do have feelings for Ivy. But those feelings are anger and
resentment for all the pain she's caused with her lies.
Grace: I want to believe you, Sam, but those pictures -- they just
brought back all -- all the pain and all the heartache.
Sam: Grace, I don't want to hurt you anymore. Just tell me what I need
to do.
Grace: I don't know. I'm just so terrified of losing you, Sam.
Ivy: Oh, that would look beautiful on Whitney.
Pilar: Oh, that is a pretty color.
Ivy: Oh, isn't it?
Whitney: Theresa, I have a really bad feeling about this. Please just
tell Ethan the truth.
Theresa: Stop worrying, Whitney. I told you everything is going to be
fine.
Whitney: Yeah, but secrets always have a way of coming out. Just ask
Sam and Grace Bennett.
Theresa: Trust me. My secret is safe.
Whitney: I'm not so sure, Theresa. Just tell Ethan the truth. Tell him
you knew he was not a Crane before somebody else does.

Gwen (to herself): I finally found the perfect way to pass the
time until Ethan and Theresa's wedding. Bull's-eye! If you think that hurt, just
wait till your wedding day. Then you'll know the real meaning of pain.
Chad: You know, I thought I'd find you in here.
Ethan: It's like I was never even here. Like I was never even a Crane.

Chad: Hey, man, I'm sorry.
Ethan: You know, the strange thing is I went to go make some phone
calls, and I automatically came to my room and this is what I find.
Chad: Must have hit you pretty hard.
Ethan: And I'm going to find out who took this all from me, Chad. And
I'm going to ruin their lives just like they ruined mine. I'm going to make them
pay.
Rebecca: Sheridan, I'm sure that Luis is not your family's first
choice for your future husband.
Luis: Well, now, that's the first truthful thing you've said all
night.
Rebecca: But they don't want to lose you. So they are willing to
accept Luis for your sake, so please -- please, just let them throw you this
party.
Luis: Sheridan and I will throw our own engagement party. And we'll
invite Julian and Alistair because they're Sheridan's relatives. There's no way
I'm letting the two of them do a thing for us.
Rebecca: Well, ok. If that's the way you want it.
Rebecca: But, Sheridan, please, if you change your mind, just -- just
call me.
Julian: Excuse me. Did you convince Luis and Sheridan to come to the
party?
Rebecca: Well, Luis is still insisting that he would never come to a
party thrown by the Cranes, but I think I played at Sheridan's heartstrings
pretty well.
Alistair: That's it! I've had enough of these games!
I want Sheridan dead right away, and you two are going to kill her!
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 5/22/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 5/22/01






Proofread by
 Ebele and
 Elissia

Kay: Going to get pregnant, and I&#39;m the one he&#39;s going to spend the rest of his
life with.
Jessica: Do you believe all these crazy clothes?
Charity: They&#39;re wild, aren&#39;t they? I mean, it must have taken her years to
collect all these things.
Jessica: Years? Try centuries.
Charity: Well, I think it was so sweet of her to let us borrow clothes for
the Sheridan and Luis&#39;s engagement party.
Jessica: Yeah, it was sweet, especially since every stitch we own went down
with the house when it collapsed.
Charity: Honestly, Jessica, I don&#39;t even want to think about it, ok? I&#39;m just
really, really glad that we all survived that.
Jessica: Yeah. Who cares about a bunch of old clothes, anyway?
Charity: Exactly. Especially considering all the wonderful things that we
have to choose from. You know, I have never been to an engagement party.
Jessica: Well, this one&#39;s going to be really cool because it&#39;s at the Crane
mansion.
Charity: I know. I can&#39;t wait. And you know, secretly, Miguel and I are going
to be planning our own engagement.
Jessica: Are you really going to get married to Miguel?
Charity: Well, actually, aunt Grace and Sam say that we have to wait until
We’re 18. But we have pledged our love to one another and we know that we&#39;re
going to get married, even if it&#39;s not official.
Jessica: That is so romantic. I think it&#39;s so neat that you&#39;re in love just
like, well, Theresa and Ethan and Sheridan and Luis. Like my parents used to be.

Charity: Oh, come on. You know that aunt Grace and Sam are going to work out
their problems, don&#39;t you?
Jessica: I hope so. At least I know there&#39;s nothing getting in the way of
yours and Miguel&#39;s happiness.
Theresa: Come on! We don&#39;t have much time to get ready for Sheridan and Luis&#39;
engagement party. Can you imagine my brother marrying Sheridan Crane? A year
ago, that would have seemed completely impossible.
Whitney: I know. So much has happened this past year.
Theresa: Including you and Chad and Ethan and me. I still can&#39;t believe I&#39;m
actually going to marry the man I have dreamed about my whole life.
Whitney: Well, I still think that you should tell Ethan the truth before you
two get married.
Theresa: Whit, you sound like a warped C.D.
Whitney: Look, Theresa, I really don&#39;t care, ok? If Ethan finds out that you
knew he was Sam Bennett&#39;s son and didn&#39;t tell him, he&#39;s going to be so angry and
furious with you. You shouldn&#39;t have that hanging over your head when you guys
get married.
Theresa: Look, I know that I have to tell Ethan the truth. I just -- I don&#39;t
want to upset him. I will tell him when the time is right.
Whitney: Before you get married, right?
Theresa: Yes. Probably. And what about you? I mean, you keep putting off
telling Simone that you and Chad are a couple. She still thinks that Chad&#39;s in
love with her.
Whitney: Yeah, I know. It&#39;s because I&#39;m worried about my sister&#39;s feelings.
But it&#39;s a whole lot different than lying to the man that you&#39;re about to marry.
Theresa, I&#39;m telling you, you are playing a dangerous game and it&#39;s going to
blow up in your face.
Miguel: Are you excited about the party tonight?
Luis: Well, I&#39;d be a little more excited if anyone but Julian Crane was
throwing it.
Miguel: Yeah. I mean, I know how you feel about the Cranes, but he is
Sheridan&#39;s brother. And isn&#39;t Mrs. Hotchkiss co-hosting?
Luis: Yeah, exactly. Another reason I don&#39;t want to go. I don&#39;t trust either
of them. But Sheridan wants to go, even if she is uneasy about it.
Pilar: You think Julian is up to something, don&#39;t you?
Luis: When is he ever not up to something?
Pilar: Yeah.
Tabitha: There. Now, don&#39;t you look handsome?
Timmy: Timmy looks great in a tux. Wait till Charity gets a load of the new
&quot;G.Q.&quot; Model.
Tabitha: Timmy, we are not going to Luis and Sheridan&#39;s engagement party so
you can impress Charity, who, incidentally, thinks you&#39;re a doll. No, we are
going because the divining rod indicated that there is some object in the Crane
mansion with enough evil power to destroy Charity and Miguel. So our mission
tonight is to witness that evil when it strikes.
Tabitha: Tonight will be as exhilarating as watching the Bennett house break
apart and sink into the ground. Wasn&#39;t that pure joy, Timmy?
Timmy: Timmy thinks it was pure creepy.
Tabitha: Nonsense. It was absolutely delicious. And I have a feeling that
what happened to the Bennett house is nothing compared to what will happen at
the Crane mansion tonight. All we have to do is find that mysterious object that
will help us separate Charity and Miguel.
Timmy: Is Tabitha sure that if Miguel and Charity get married, she&#39;ll come
into her full powers and they&#39;ll make -- make --
Tabitha: Make love? Yes, yes, I&#39;m sure. And I&#39;m also sure that if that
happens, Charity will destroy me without a backward glance.
Timmy: What makes Tabitha so sure that the Crane mansion is evil?
Tabitha: Well, think of all the things that have happened there, Timmy. I
mean, Grace found out that Ethan was Sam&#39;s son, which made her fall down the
stairs and lose her baby, and now she blames Sam. And then Ethan found out that
he was no longer a Crane, which means he has nothing -- no power, no money, not
even a name. And when Sheridan saw a bloody corpse as a child, she believed it
was Luis&#39; father, who went to work one day to the Crane mansion and disappeared
forever. Now, I mean, if you wouldn&#39;t call that a house of evil, what would you
call it? And don&#39;t forget -- there are still secrets unrevealed, secrets that
could disrupt people&#39;s lives and destroy their love.
Whitney: Ok. How do I look?
Theresa: Whitney, I think you better be prepared. Chad is going to take one
look and propose on the spot.
Whitney: Theresa, don&#39;t be silly.
Theresa: I mean it. He&#39;s going to be all over you. So you better fill Simone
in before Chad sees you and freaks. [Telephone rings]
Theresa: Excuse me. Hello?
Chad: Hey, what&#39;s up, Theresa? Yo, is my pretty lady there?
Theresa: Right here. Speaking of you know who --
Whitney: Hello?
Chad: Hey, how you doing, sweetie? You about ready?
Whitney: Yeah, I&#39;m ready. It&#39;s just Theresa is giving me a hard time, you
know? She wants me to tell Simone about us.
Chad: Well, she&#39;s right. I mean, Simone&#39;s got to be told. It&#39;s not going to
be easy, but it&#39;s going to be a lot worse if she finds out from somebody else.

Whitney: Yeah. Yeah, I know. I just know that she&#39;s going to hate us both,
especially me.
Chad: Well, she&#39;ll eventually get over it.
Whitney: Yeah, I know she will. It&#39;s just that I love my little sister and I
hate that I have to hurt her this way. But she can&#39;t go on thinking that you&#39;re
in love with her.
Chad: No, no, that ain&#39;t right. Whitney, look, if you want me to tell her, I
will.
Whitney: No, no. I&#39;ll tell her. It&#39;s going to be better coming from me. I
just need to wait for the right moment, you know?

Simone: Kay, are you sure this dress is going to look ok on me?
Kay: Uh-huh.
Simone: Kay, look at me.
Kay: What?
Simone: What do you think?
Kay: You&#39;re going to look great. Really.
Simone: Really? Ok. Thanks. Ooh, of course, I guess it really doesn&#39;t matter
what I wear since Chad only has eyes for me. Whoo!
Kay: Hey, Simone?
Simone: Mm-hmm?
Kay: Did I show you what I ordered from this catalog?
Simone: Wow! This is so amazing.
Kay: Sexy, huh? Charity doesn&#39;t have anything like it. And once Miguel sees
me in these little items, he&#39;s going to be like, &quot;Charity who?&quot;
Simone: I wouldn&#39;t count on it. You&#39;ve tried every trick in the book, and
Miguel still loves Charity.
Kay: Yeah, well, he won&#39;t, not once I get him in my bed. I have a little
premonition of my own -- Miguel and me, married.
Simone: Well, don&#39;t go around telling people that. They&#39;ll think you&#39;re nuts.
Now, if you had said Chad and me or Theresa and Ethan, ok. But you, the girl who
sold her soul to the devil, and Miguel? That will never happen.
Kay: Just wait and see, Simone. Just wait and see.

Sheridan: Well, how does my hair look?
Ethan: You look like a million bucks, as usual.
Sheridan: Thank you. And so do you.
Ethan: Well, looks can be deceiving. You know, growing up with all the money
in the world, you always take it for granted -- well, at least I did. I never
really worried about it. It was always just there. You know, just being a Crane,
everything&#39;s taken care of. I never really thought about where I was going to
work or live, but now, suddenly, I have to invent a whole new life for myself.

Sheridan: Are you scared?
Ethan: Yeah. Yeah, a little. But it feels good. You know, I -- I&#39;ve had a
chance to think about what I really want. And I know whatever I achieve, I&#39;ll be
my own man.
Sheridan: I&#39;m sure you&#39;ll be just fine.
Ethan: I hope so. But the first order of business -- well, after I get a job
-- is to try to find an apartment. But it&#39;s not going to be easy because we
don&#39;t have much money.
Sheridan: Well, I can help if you&#39;ll let me.
Ethan: Thank you, but I need to do this on my own. The hard part is I have to
find it quick. I mean, we&#39;re going to be walking down the aisle soon. I need a
place to put my bride.
Sheridan: She&#39;ll be happy in a one-room shack so long as she&#39;s with you.
Ethan: Well, I hope so. So, what about you? You&#39;re going to have to find a
new place, too, once you and Luis get married. He sure is not going to live on
Crane property.
Sheridan: You&#39;re right. And he&#39;s definitely not going to want to live in a
place that he can&#39;t afford. I guess there are a lot of things that I&#39;m going to
deal with that I never thought about before. I just love Luis so much. I&#39;m sure
there&#39;s nothing I can&#39;t handle.

Miguel: Luis, why did you accept Julian&#39;s invitation if you think he&#39;s up to
something?
Luis: Well, like I said, Sheridan wants to go to the party, so I&#39;m going.
Pilar: I know, but you did say that she was uneasy, too.
Luis: Well, she knows her brother. She&#39;d be crazy if she wasn&#39;t uneasy.
Miguel: But Julian must be happy for Sheridan or why would he be throwing
this party?
Luis: Yeah. That&#39;s a good question since the guy doesn&#39;t like me at all. But
there&#39;s nothing he can do. Sheridan and I love each other and we have a great
relationship.
Pilar: Just be careful, son. Julian is a very clever man, and there&#39;s no
telling what he might try to do.
Luis: I know, mama. I&#39;ve been suspicious of Julian Crane from the day papa
disappeared. I&#39;ll never trust that guy.
Miguel: Do you think Julian would try to break you and Sheridan up?
Luis: Well, I&#39;m sure he&#39;s working his pea brain overtime trying to figure
something out. There&#39;s no way they can break me and Sheridan up. We love each
other, we trust each other, we have no secrets. So Julian and Alistair can huff
and puff all they want. It&#39;s not going to do any good.
Miguel: Well, I&#39;m glad to see you&#39;re so sure of your love.
Luis: Thanks, Miguel.
Miguel: No problem.
Pilar: I don&#39;t know. It&#39;s just not like Julian to be so generous. There must
be a reason he&#39;s throwing this party. He&#39;s up to something.
Sheridan: You know, I don&#39;t mind moving out of this place, but after tonight,
I might not have to.
Ethan: Why not?
Sheridan: Well, because I&#39;m hoping that Julian wants to get to know Luis, you
know, so that they can get along. Wouldn&#39;t it be nice if Luis stopped being
suspicious of my family, they stopped disliking him?
Ethan: That would be great, but don&#39;t hold your breath. I don&#39;t trust
Julian&#39;s motives for throwing this party.
Sheridan: Julian and Alistair have always been against me being with Luis.
But maybe now they just want to see me happy.
Ethan: I mean, that would be nice, but I know how they think. And Luis -- he
still suspects them of having something to do with his father&#39;s disappearance. I
mean, why would Julian and Alistair suddenly drop their objections to Luis?

Luis: Don&#39;t worry about it, ok? There&#39;s nothing Julian can do that Sheridan
and I can&#39;t handle.
Pilar: Isn&#39;t that what mothers are supposed to do -- worry?
Miguel: I&#39;m sure Luis knows what he&#39;s doing, mama. I mean, the Lopez
Fitzgeralds are on a roll. You know, first Ethan and Theresa and now Luis and
Sheridan. Charity and I wanted to make it a triple wedding, but the chief and
Mrs. Bennett made us promise to wait till we were 18.
Luis: You and Charity?
Pilar: Mijo, you&#39;re getting married? I can&#39;t believe this.
Miguel: We love each other, mama. You know that.
Luis: Well, that&#39;s great that you&#39;re in love, Miguel, but Sam and Grace are
right. You&#39;re way too young to be thinking about marriage right now.
Miguel: Well, I told you -- we&#39;re going to wait.
Luis: Until when? You&#39;re 18? Miguel, that&#39;s still too young. Come on, you
haven&#39;t even really, really lived life yet or dated a lot of girls. Come on,
just enjoy life while you&#39;re young.
Miguel: I can enjoy life while I&#39;m young with Charity.
Luis: Well, how do you know that she&#39;s the right one for you, the one that
you&#39;re going to spend the rest of your life with?
Miguel: I know. That&#39;s all. You know, I never stop thinking about her. And
all I ever want to do is be with her.
Luis: Well, I&#39;m not saying anything against Charity, but what about all those
weird premonitions? I mean, she got dragged into hell, and you and Kay and
Charity -- you guys almost died. Doesn&#39;t that worry you?
Miguel: Look, that just tells me that Charity is a very special girl, all
right? And that there&#39;s never going to be another girl like her. I love her.
Luis: Well, that&#39;s great. But love at 17 looks a hell of a lot different than
it does at 20 or 25. Miguel, your feelings could change.
Miguel: Not mine. I know she&#39;s the girl for me.
Luis: Ok. I just hope you&#39;re right. I hope you&#39;re ready to make a commitment
to her for life.
Jessica: Well, one thing&#39;s for sure -- at least nobody at the party&#39;s going
to be wearing anything like this.
Charity: Well, it&#39;s really beautiful, Jessica.
Jessica: It is, isn&#39;t it?
Charity: It suits you.
Jessica: Well, you look wonderful, too. So elegant and stylish.
Charity: Well, thank you. I love it.
Jessica: I just hope Tabitha doesn&#39;t mind us borrowing her clothes.
Charity: Well, why would she? She told us to go upstairs and pick out
whatever we wanted.
Jessica: Yeah, I just hope she remembers that she told us.
Charity: Well, yes, she is a bit strange, but I really don&#39;t think she means
any harm.
Tabitha (to herself): How wrong you are, Miss Charity. I wish you more harm
than you can ever imagine.
Timmy: Oh. Doesn&#39;t Charity look beautiful?
Jessica: What is it, Charity? What&#39;s wrong?
Jessica: What is it, Charity? What are you seeing?
Charity: I see myself. I&#39;m just wearing some kind of a strange veil. Wait,
now I -- I see now. It&#39;s -- it&#39;s a wedding veil. I&#39;m wearing a wedding dress.
Jessica, I&#39;m dressed as a bride. Well, that must mean that everything is ok,
right? But the thing is that I don&#39;t see Miguel anywhere in that vision. But it
must mean that I&#39;m going to marry him, right?
Tabitha (to herself): Over my dead body, dearie. You&#39;re going to the house of
evil tonight. And if all goes well, it&#39;ll be the last party you ever attend.
Simone: I don&#39;t know if I like that color.
Kay: I got a great idea. I am going to get Miguel to help me choose
lipsticks. That way, he&#39;ll be on my lips all night.
Simone: Now, this I got to see.
Miguel: Luis, you know how sure you are that Sheridan&#39;s the right woman for
you?
Kay: That&#39;s Miguel&#39;s voice.
Miguel: What about Kay?
Luis: I know you liked her a lot.
Miguel: Yeah. You know, I still do. I mean, Kay&#39;s a wonderful girl, Luis. You
know, she means a lot to me.
Simone: Kay, we shouldn&#39;t be listening. Let&#39;s go.
Kay: No way.
Luis: So, is there a chance that someday you and Kay could be together?
Miguel: There was a time when I thought we might end up together. You know,
but then Charity came to town and -- I mean, she&#39;s changed my life,
Luis. And the way I feel about Charity, I&#39;ve never felt about any other girl.

Luis: Ok. Ok, I&#39;m convinced. Well, I think it&#39;s time for me to go pick up the
woman who changed my life.
Pilar: I&#39;ll see you later.
Luis: Ok.
Simone: Come on, come on. Kay, come on. I told you not to listen.
Kay: Miguel only thinks he&#39;s in love with Charity. Once I get him to get me
pregnant and we get married, I&#39;m going to make him forget all about her.
Simone: Tricking a guy that way is so low, Kay.
Kay: Oh, low, schmo. Haven&#39;t you ever heard the expression &quot;nice guys finish
last&quot;? Well, I intend to finish first.
Whitney: Theresa, I know you&#39;re tired of hearing me say this, but I wouldn&#39;t
be a good friend to you if I didn&#39;t at least try to change your mind. Just tell
Ethan the truth.
Theresa: I will, I promise.
Whitney: Ok. When?
Theresa: Soon.
Whitney: You&#39;re afraid that you&#39;re going to lose him. Aren&#39;t you? You think
you&#39;ll lose Ethan over this, really?
Theresa: No. Look, I know that I have to tell Ethan that I kept the truth
from him. But I&#39;m not worried about how he&#39;ll react. Fate has been on my side
from the beginning, and I know that fate is not going to let me down. Now, I am
marrying the man of my dreams.
Whitney: Ok, well, if you&#39;re so sure, then tell Ethan as soon as he gets here
tonight. You don&#39;t want to walk down the aisle with this cloud over your head,
do you?
Theresa: All right. I will do it.
Whitney: You will?
Theresa: Yes. I will tell him when I find the right moment, just like you
will tell someone.
Whitney: Oh, you know what? I give up.
Theresa: Whitney, I don&#39;t want to put a damper on Ethan&#39;s happiness. I mean,
everything was just taken away from him. He lost his name, his fortune. It
seemed like his whole world. But now, with Luis marrying Sheridan, he&#39;ll at
least be related to a Crane again, so he&#39;ll have an in with the family. And I&#39;m
sure he&#39;ll be able to go back to work for Crane Industries and everything will
be fine. It&#39;ll be so wonderful for him. Fate is smiling down on us, I just know
it.
Ethan: You know Theresa&#39;s a big believer in fate and she always thinks it&#39;s
going to go her way. But I know what it feels like when life throws you a curve.

Sheridan: Like finding out that Julian&#39;s not your father.
Ethan: Exactly. You know, I can live with not being a Crane, but I can&#39;t live
with not knowing who e-mailed my mother&#39;s letter to the tabloid. I haven&#39;t even
told you. Chad actually talked to the tabloid reporter that wrote this story,
and he almost told us who sent it.
Sheridan: Really? What happened?
Ethan: Well, he saw me and Chad talking and clammed up.
Sheridan: Oh. Look, Ethan, it&#39;s over and done with. Why don&#39;t you just let it
go.
Ethan: I can&#39;t. You know, I can&#39;t let this go, not until I find out who did
this to me. And I know -- I know for a fact that my mother and Pilar knew the
truth, but they wouldn&#39;t have done this to me. I just need to find out who else
knew the truth. When I do, I&#39;m going to destroy them.
[Theresa hums bridal march]
Whitney: Theresa, are you practicing walking down the aisle?
Theresa: Of course. I want everything to be perfect.
Whitney: You know, you&#39;ve been practicing walking down that aisle ever since
we were little kids.
Theresa: Well, yeah. I mean, haven&#39;t you?
Whitney: No. No, I&#39;ve been practicing [British accent] my curtsy for when I
win Wimbledon, thank you very much.
Theresa: Oh. Ahem. [British accent] congratulations, my dear Whitney, on
behalf of the Queen.
Whitney: Thank you very much. [Normal voice] but, no, it&#39;s serious because
it&#39;s going to happen someday.
Theresa: [Normal voice] I believe you. But tell the truth. I mean, haven&#39;t
you ever imagined walking down the aisle to get married?
Theresa: Whitney? Where were you just now?
Jessica: Well, by now we all know that your visions usually come true. So how
happy does it make you to see yourself marry Miguel?
Charity: That&#39;s the strange thing. I don&#39;t see Miguel in my vision.
Jessica: Well who else would you be marrying?
Charity: You&#39;re right. You&#39;re right. And you know what? I would never want to
disobey aunt Grace or Sam, but if Miguel asked me to elope right now, I would.

Jessica: Elope? Oh! Charity, that is so romantic.
Timmy: Isn&#39;t true love wonderful?
Tabitha: Will you get a grip, lad? There&#39;s nothing romantic about what&#39;s
going to happen to Charity tonight, believe me.
Timmy: What&#39;s going to happen to her?
Tabitha: Well, I don&#39;t know exactly, but I do know that the evil that will
separate Charity and Miguel for good is in the Crane mansion somewhere. My
divining rod proved that. And we, my little stuffed dumpling, are going to find
the evil in that house tonight if we have to tear the whole damn place apart.

Timmy: Poor Charity.
Tabitha: Save your tears for us, lad. If Miguel and Charity ever make love,
she will destroy us completely.
Timmy: Oh, Timmy keeps forgetting.
Tabitha: Well, please, try to remember. And concentrate on finding the evil
that will rip Charity and Miguel apart because once we find it, that will be the
end of them.
Charity: What will be the end of whom, Tabitha?

Pilar: My son, I cannot believe that you&#39;re old enough to be talking about
getting married. You&#39;re my little boy.
Miguel: Mama, I&#39;m a big boy now. And Charity and I are in love.
Pilar: I know. I know you love each other. But, Miguel, she&#39;s your first
love. And your brother&#39;s right, your feelings could change.
Miguel: They&#39;re not. I mean, you and papa were young when you got married.

Pilar: I know, but we were old for our age.
Miguel: Well, that&#39;s how Charity and I feel. I mean, we both feel more mature
than Theresa, and she&#39;s getting married soon.
Pilar: I know. Perhaps you are mature enough. I -- I just -- I can&#39;t bear the
thought of all my children leaving me so soon. Getting married, starting their
lives on their own.
Miguel: Mama, we&#39;re not going to go very far. You&#39;ll still see us all the
time.
Pilar: Yeah. But it won&#39;t be the same. Who will I cook breakfast for? Who am
I going to reprimand for not picking up their clothes? And who&#39;s going to lick
the bowl when I bake a cake, huh?
Miguel: Look, when you bake a cake, just call me. I promise, I&#39;ll come right
over to lick the bowl.
Pilar: Yeah. Well, you know, you mustn&#39;t keep Charity waiting, huh?
Miguel: Yeah, you&#39;re right. I got to go pick her up at Tabitha&#39;s. Good night,
mama. Bye.
Pilar: Bye.
Pilar: Oh, my.

Kay: Ok. Miguel&#39;s leaving to go get Charity. I have got to go.
Kay: Mm-hmm.
Kay: Well, I guess I&#39;ll see you at the Crane mansion, then.
Simone: You mean you&#39;re not going to wait for me?
Kay: I&#39;m sorry, Simone, but I can&#39;t let him out of my sight tonight.

Sheridan: I was thinking about what you said with Julian and Alistair. And
this is totally unlike them to do an about-face and throw this party for me and
Luis.
Ethan: Yes. It makes you wonder what they&#39;re up to.
Sheridan: I don&#39;t know. But like Luis said, what can they do? I mean, only we
can destroy what we have together. We&#39;re not about to do that because we love
each other too much.
Ethan: Right. You know, maybe they&#39;re just being nice to Luis so he&#39;ll forget
about investigating into his father&#39;s disappearance. I mean, you know how Julian
and Alistair are about people looking into their private affairs.
Sheridan: Or maybe having lost you, they don&#39;t want to lose me, too. Because
they know that if I had to choose between them, I would choose Luis.
Ethan: I&#39;m sure they know that.
Sheridan: I mean, they must love me to go through all this trouble to throw a
party.
Ethan: I&#39;m sure they love you in their own way.
Sheridan: You know, they are my family. In my heart, I can&#39;t believe they
would do anything to hurt me or to ruin my happiness with Luis. Because if they
did and I lost Luis, I would absolutely die.
Tabitha: What, dear?
Charity: Well, I heard you say, &quot;that would be the end of them,&quot; and I was
wondering what you were talking about.
Tabitha: Oh. Oh, yes. Well, what I meant was that it would be the end of us,
of me and my Timmy doll, if we didn&#39;t get to go to the party tonight. I have a
feeling it&#39;s going to be the gala event of the season.
Charity: Well, it is going to be exciting, isn&#39;t it?
Tabitha: Oh, yes. I think people are going to be talking about this party for
decades to come. And we&#39;d hate to miss it, wouldn&#39;t we, Timmy?
Charity: Well, Tabitha, why would they be talking about it unless --
Tabitha, has anybody told you that something bad is going to happen tonight?

Tabitha: Something bad?
Charity: Well, yes. I was thinking about Theresa and Ethan&#39;s engagement party
at the Crane mansion, and I just hope nothing goes wrong tonight.
Tabitha: Well, nobody&#39;s said anything about anything to me. But, of course,
the Cranes are very rich. And I have heard that odd things do tend to happen at
rich people&#39;s parties.
Jessica: Like when my mom fell down the stairs and lost her baby?
Tabitha: Oh, that was a terrible thing, yes. Oh, I hope nothing like that
happens tonight. [Knock on door]
Tabitha: Hello, Miguel.
Miguel: Hey, Tabitha.
Tabitha: The lady&#39;s waiting for you.
Miguel: Thanks.
Kay: Oh -- Tabitha.
Tabitha: Oh, sorry, dear.
Kay: Hi.
Miguel: Charity, you look so beautiful.
Charity: Thank you. You look wonderful yourself.
Miguel: Thanks. Oh, jeez, you look really pretty, too.
Jessica: Thanks, Miguel. Well, it was sweet of Tabitha to let us borrow these
vintage dresses, so --
Miguel: Yeah, they&#39;re really cool. You both look terrific.
Kay: Well, I think we all look terrific. Don&#39;t we, Tabitha?
Tabitha: Yes, yes. Quite so, dear.
Miguel: Yeah. You look really pretty, too, Kay.
Kay: Thank you.
Charity: Miguel, I had a really strange premonition.
Kay: Here we go again.
Miguel: What kind of premonition?
Charity: Well, I saw myself in this veil, dressed as a bride. But I was all
alone. And why wouldn&#39;t I be able to see who the groom was?
Miguel: Charity, the groom&#39;s supposed to be me. I mean, who else could it be?


Ethan: I&#39;ll see you at the party.
Sheridan: Ok.
Ethan: Luis. I was just leaving. Congratulations to you.
Luis: Thank you.
Ethan: So, it looks like Theresa was right. We&#39;re going to have a double
wedding.
Luis: Yes, we are.
Ethan: Great. I&#39;ll see you at the party.
Luis: I&#39;ll see you there.
Ethan: All right.
Luis: How do you do it? How do you manage to look more beautiful every time I
see you? Huh? How do you do it?
Sheridan: Well, haven&#39;t you heard? Women in love have a special glow. You
look pretty wonderful yourself.
Luis: I am the luckiest guy alive.
Sheridan: I&#39;m the lucky one.
Luis: Ok, it&#39;s a tie.
Sheridan: Tell me everything is going to be all right tonight. If you tell
me, then I&#39;ll believe it.
Chad: Man, I&#39;ve been in more tuxes since I came to Harmony than my entire
life. Well, I really hope Whitney doesn&#39;t think this is lame.
Pilar: Hello, Chad. Please, come in.
Chad: How you doing, Mrs. Lopez Fitzgerald?
Pilar: Great. Look at you. Let me see. Oh, my, you look handsome. Come on in.

Chad: You think? Really?
Pilar: Yeah.
Chad: All right. Yeah, I&#39;m here to pick up my girl for the party.
Pilar: I know she&#39;ll be happy to see you.
Chad: Yeah?
Pilar: Mm-hmm.
Chad: Hey, let me ask you something.
Pilar: Hmm?
Chad: I mean, do you think she&#39;s going to like this? This is one of the
wrist corsages. I mean, I don&#39;t even know if they&#39;re really hip anymore.
Maybe I should just toss it.
Pilar: No, don&#39;t. It&#39;s lovely. She&#39;ll love it.
Chad: Yeah?
Pilar: Yes.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 5/23/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Wednesday 5/23/01






Proofread by
 Ebele and
 Elissia
Tabitha: Cheers.
Timmy: Timmy feels smooth in his tuxedo. Like Bond -- James Bond.
Tabitha: Well, 007, I hope you're ready to snoop because that's what we're
going to have to do tonight at Luis and Sheridan's engagement party. We can't
rest until we find the object in the Crane mansion that will separate Charity
and Miguel.
Timmy: How can Tabitha be sure that the object's even at the Crane mansion?

Tabitha: Because, batting for brains, my trusty divining rod led us there.
Once I get my hands on that precious piece, it will cause much evil. Charity and
Miguel will be destroyed forever, and all of Harmony's couples will be overcome
with pain. [Noise]
Tabitha: Well, who could that be? Get down.
Reese: Whoa --
Tabitha: Oh!
Reese: Ah!
[Reese coughs]
Reese: Good evening, Tabitha. I’m -- I’m just here to pick up my precious Kay
for the Crane shindig.
Tabitha: Is there something wrong with the front door, Ross?
Reese: That's Reese. And, actually, I was looking for clues. You see, I know
you're a witch, Tabitha, and tonight I’m going to prove it.

Jessica: Mom? Have you seen my purse that Tabitha lent me?
Grace: Have you checked the sunroom maybe?
Charity: Will you please help me with this, Miguel?
Miguel: Anything for you.
Charity: Thank you.
Grace: Oh.
Kay (to herself): Enjoy your time with Miguel because it's almost up. Once I
seduce him tonight, he's going to be all mine.
Charity: This necklace is so beautiful. It was really sweet of Dr. Russell to
lend it to me.
Grace: Well, she knows all the difficulty we've been through lately. I still
can't believe that our house was destroyed by demons and we lost everything.
Jessica: Look -- I mean, it was really horrible losing our stuff, but, I
mean, it was nothing compared to you and dad separating. You love dad, right?

Grace: Yes, sweetheart, I do love your father. Just we have some things to
work through.
Jessica: Well, I hope you work through them soon because I’m really starting
to miss being a family. [Knock on door]
Grace: I'll get the door.
Grace: Sam.
Eve: Oh, I wish Grace would tell Sam not to go to that party tonight. They
just need some quiet time where they can just be alone together.
T.C.: Well, I wish we could be alone tonight. If it weren't for Luis and
Sheridan, there's no way I would set foot in that damn mansion. Every time I see
Julian Crane, I want to kill him. [Music plays]
Eve: I thought I knew I could live without you though I could tell if I fell
under your spell. It seems that I was wrong, your magic lingers on. Every moment
you're gone, I taste your kiss at moments like this.
Julian: Oh, Eve. What I would give to feel your delectable body close to mine
once more.
Eve: Now I know it's true [telephone rings] [music stops]
Julian: Julian Crane.
Alistair: Stop thinking about Eve Russell right now.
Julian: Father.
Alistair: And stay away from her volatile husband. We can't let anything
interfere with our plan to break up Luis and Sheridan.
Julian: I am completely focused on our mission. Tonight Sheridan will catch
her beloved in the arms of another woman. Of course, it will really be the Luis
imposter, but she'll be none the wiser. And as far as Eve is concerned, I highly
doubt the good doctor will make an appearance here this evening.
Alistair: Of course the Russells will be at the party, you idiot. They're
good friends of the Lopez Fitzgeralds. And Sheridan has become very close to
Eve.
Julian: Yeah. Guess I hadn't thought of that.
Alistair: Well, here's something for you to think about -- keep your mind off
Dr. Russell and on Luis and Sheridan. Tonight is the night we break them up
forever.

Luis: I can't believe that you're going to be my wife.
Sheridan: You better get used to it because you're stuck with me.
Luis: Ooh, I like the sound of that. I love you, Mrs. Soon-to-be Lopez
Fitzgerald.
Sheridan: I love you, Mr. Lopez Fitzgerald.
Luis: Hmm. You know, I think you ought to get changed for the party, huh?
Sheridan: I will. But before I do, there's something I want to give you.
Luis: Really?
Sheridan: Mm-hmm. Something straight from my heart.

Chad: This misunderstanding with Simone is just getting worse. She thinks I’m
her date tonight.
Whitney: Yeah, I did notice that.
Chad: Yeah, well, I thought you were going to be the one to tell her. Why
didn't you say something back at the house?
Whitney: I will. I will talk to her. I’m just waiting for the right moment,
that's all.
Chad: Well, you can't keep putting this off. I mean, you got to tell her.
Simone: Chad, wait for me! Wow. This is the most exciting night of my life.
It's the first time I've ever been to the Crane mansion. And best of all, I’m
here with my man. Come on.

Ethan: You know, I've never been a guest at the Crane mansion before.
Theresa: It'll be ok.
Ethan: Yeah. I mean, it's just strange. The last time we were here was to
celebrate our engagement. And at the same time, I found out I wasn't a Crane.

Pilar: I just hope that there will be no surprises this evening.
Theresa: This will be a wonderful party. I mean, it's a night for love.
Ethan: If she says so, it must be true.
Theresa: Nothing can possibly go wrong. I mean, soon we're going to have a
double wedding with Luis and Sheridan! Come on!
Gwen (to herself): That's what you think, Theresa. I'll never let you marry
Ethan.

Ivy (to herself): Oh. Oh, Sam. Starting tonight, we will be together forever.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life
&nbsp;

&nbsp;
Tabitha: That computer of yours is sending radioactive waves to your brain,
Ross. Of course I’m not a witch.
Reese: Aha! A clue.
Tabitha: What did I do to deserve this?
Reese: This glass is obviously yours, Tabitha. I can tell by the lipstick
mark.
Tabitha: He's a regular rocket scientist.
Reese: But this glass has no lipstick mark. Who else was having a drink,
Tabitha?
Tabitha: Grace. I just poured it for her.
Reese: You don't fool me, Tabitha. That drink's obviously for your little
dolly!
Tabitha: My -- that's utterly ridiculous!
Reese: Oh, no, your doll's alive, and I’m going to prove it right now.
Tabitha: Now, listen. Kay is most anxious to see you, and I know you don't
want to keep your lady up waiting, now, do you? Oh.
Timmy: Ah. That was close.
Tabitha: I have to find a way to stop that no-good nerd from coming to the
party tonight. Nothing and no one is going to stop me finding the object in the
Crane mansion that will separate Charity and Miguel. No one.
Grace: Come on in. The girls will be glad to see you.
Sam: Hey.
Kay: Hi, dad.
Sam: How are you?
Kay: Good.
Sam: You look great.
Kay: Thanks.
Sam: Hey.
Jessica: Oh, daddy, I’m so glad you're here! Oh!
Sam: Yeah. Me, too. Look at you guys, huh? Oh, you look so beautiful.
Kay: Well, it's going to be a very special evening.
Miguel: Oh, you can say that again. I get to dance with the woman I love.
[Charity laughs]

Tabitha: Good thing Inspector Gadget doesn't have powers like Grace and
Charity. That mirror enhances the powers of anyone who possesses it.
Timmy: What if Reese notices something fishy?
Tabitha: We're going to put a stop to that Sherlock Holmes wannabe right now.
Watch this.
Reese: Ow! That hurt.
Tabitha: I’m so sorry, dear. I didn't see you there.
Charity: Tabitha? I just wanted to thank you for lending us all the vintage
clothes. They're really beautiful.
Grace: You have been so good to all of us. We've come to think of this as a
second home. Even fluffy feels like family. [Charity laughs]
Tabitha: Oh, there's no need to thank me. Now, come along. I think we ought
to be running along to the party. We don't want to miss any festivities, do we?

T.C.: Well, is everyone ready?
Jessica: I am. I can't wait to go to the Crane mansion.
Grace: Here, Sam. Let me help you with that.

Simone: This place is amazing, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Oh, well, thank you, darling. I’m so glad that you could all be here for
Luis and Sheridan. And, Chad, I understand you're in charge of the music
tonight.
Chad: Yeah, yeah, I’m going to make sure this place is rockin'.
Simone: And I'll be by your side all night.
Ivy: Oh, well, why don't you just go in and enjoy yourselves.
Chad: Thanks.
Ivy: Certainly.
Ethan: Mother.
Ivy: Darling. Oh. Theresa.
Theresa: Hi, Mrs. Crane. You look beautiful.
Ivy: Oh, thank you. Thank you. And, Pilar, you look lovely.
Pilar: Thank you.
Ivy: Ethan, I’m so glad you could come tonight. I know it must be difficult
after everything you went through.
Ethan: It's ok. Tonight is for Sheridan.
Ivy: Well, I want you to know that I am working with Crane security to track
down whoever sent an e-mail of my letter to the tabloids.
Ethan: Have you found anything?
Ivy: No, I've come to a dead end. And the only one who knew about the letter
was Pilar. I know she'd never betray me.
Pilar: Of course not.
Ivy: So someone else must have known. But who?
Ethan: Chad and I are working together to find out who sent that letter. And
once we find them, I'll make sure they pay.

Rebecca: Ooh -- oh, I just get goose bumps thinking about our plan to break
up Luis and Sheridan.
Alistair: You better not screw up tonight, Julian.
Rebecca: Oh -- Alistair? If I may -- everything is going, well, according to
plan. Our -- our special guests have arrived.
Julian: Luis and Sheridan are on a one-way trip to splitsville.
Alistair: They'd better be, or you two will have to kill them.

Luis: If we keep this up, we're not going to make it to the party.
Sheridan: You know, we could be fashionably late. Why don't you come help me
get dressed?
Luis: You are one naughty girl, Sheridan Crane.
Sheridan: You haven't seen anything yet.
Tabitha: We're going to have to do something about that boy, Timmy.
Tabitha: I noticed some lint on your jacket, Ross, and I know you want to
look your best for Kay.
Reese: Ow! What are you doing?
Tabitha: Oh -- oh, I think your hair got caught on one of my bracelets. I’m
so sorry, dear. Excuse me. I’m just going to freshen up before we hobnob with
Harmony's elite.

Kay: Well, I can't wait for this evening to start. Let's go.
Sam: Kay, just hold on a second. I want to have a word alone with your
mother.
Jessica: Take all the time you guys need. We'll be in the kitchen. Come on.

Sam: You sure you want me to go to the party? Can't we just spend tonight
together and stop all this once and for all?
Simone: I can't believe people actually live here.
Chad: This is getting ridiculous.
Whitney: Yeah, I know, I know. I just -- I just don't think I can bear to
tell her in front of all these people. She's going to be really embarrassed.
Chad: Well, then, the minute you get her alone, you got to say something to
her.
Whitney: I will. It's just going to break her heart. I mean, she really loves
you.
Chad: Yeah, well, the last time I checked, you were my girl, not her.
Whitney, you're the only girl for me. I’m hoping I’m the only guy for you.
Whitney: You are. You are.
Ethan: Mother, do you know why Julian is throwing this party? Because I can't
help but think that he's up to something.
Ivy: Julian is always up to something. But he insists that he just wants to
support Sheridan and welcome Luis into the family.
Ethan: I hope that's true. Maybe Julian and Alistair have finally realized
that they have no choice but to accept the relationship.
Ivy: I doubt it. My guess is that they just want to keep their enemies close,
and no one is more of an enemy than Luis.
Ethan: I just hope she doesn't get hurt.
Ivy: I know. If Luis and Sheridan have a love that's anything like the love
you and Theresa share, nothing can come between them.
Ethan: Well, I don't know if it's possible for two people to be more in love
than Theresa and I. Speaking of -- I was just telling mother how much I adore
you.
Gwen (to herself): I can't wait to ruin Theresa's life.
Rebecca: Our guests of honor have arrived.
Julian: Indeed they have. I don't believe I've had the pleasure of your
acquaintance.
Woman: The name's Deedee.
Julian: Oh, a very distinctive name for a very distinctive woman.
Rebecca: Uh-huh. Let's get down to business, shall we?
Julian: Yes, of course. I understand my father hired you for the job. Did he
explain exactly what service you'll be providing this evening?
Deedee: I know what I have to do, and I am more than ready.
Julian: Oh, I bet you are. Did he mention that you will be very well paid for
your silence?
Fake Luis: She'll be quiet if she knows what's good for her.
Julian: Hmm. Now -- no one can see you in the Luis mask until the proper
time. We will contact you with the signal.
Rebecca: Julian -- I’m not so sure we can trust this Deedee.
Julian: Nonsense. She seems very well equipped to do the job.
Rebecca: Well, I should be the one in bed with the Luis imposter because when
I’m through, Sheridan will want to kill Luis.

Timmy: What's Tabby looking for?
Tabitha: Oh -- just an old friend. A doll, to be specific.
Timmy: A doll? What about Timmy?
Tabitha: Oh, don't get your knickers in a twist. It's a different kind of a
doll. Voila! Ah.
Timmy: Oh.
Tabitha: Yes. My little pal here is going to help me get rid of that witch
hunter for the evening.
Timmy: Good. Timmy's tired of Reese bugging him.
Tabitha: Bugging you? That's the least of my worries. Tonight I have to find
that mystery object that will break up Charity and Miguel because if those two
kids get married and make love, then Charity will come into her full powers and
you and I will be finished, Timmy.
Timmy: But they can't get married till they're 18.
Tabitha: Well, 18 isn't too far away. No, I have to get rid of Romeo and
Juliet now. And that Reese isn't going to stop me. All I have to do is attach
Ross' hair to the doll. And then, if there's any power at all left in this
little old rag -- thank you, Timmy -- Ross won't be coming to the party. [Reese
gags]
Jessica: Reese? Reese?
Charity: Reese, are you ok? [Reese coughs]
Miguel: Get him some water.
Jessica: I'll get him some water.
Kay: Reese, you sound like you're coming down with something. Maybe you
shouldn't go to the party tonight.
Reese: No way. I'd go even if I were dying. Nothing's going to stop me from
being with my beautiful Kay -- [Reese chokes]
Kay: Well, don't do me any favors.
Miguel: Reese, don't talk. [Reese coughs]
Jessica: Here -- see if you can drink some water.
Charity: Try to breathe, Reese.
Kay: Hey, Charity. I was thinking -- you know how you said you didn't see
Miguel in your vision of being a bride? It's a little weird, isn't it?
Charity: Well, I know that Miguel and I are going to get married. We're going
to be together forever.
Kay: Well, that's what I thought about my parents, too. Look what happened to
them.
Grace: I’m sorry, Sam. I just can't be with you until you're certain that Ivy
doesn't mean anything to you.
Sam: Well, I'll tell you right now -- Ivy means nothing to me.
Grace: Sam, those are just words. You can't be sure until you spend more time
with Ivy alone.
Sam: Ok. I'll go to the party only because you want me to. And when I’m done,
I’m going to come right back here. So, Mrs. Bennett, will you have dinner with
me tonight?
Grace: It's a deal.
T.C.: All right, Sam, come on, let's get going. The sooner we go, the sooner
we can get back here.
Sam: That's music to my ears.
Grace: Eve, I am worried about you and T.C. being so close to Julian tonight.

Eve: Why? What is it, Grace?
Grace: I don't know, but just be careful. If your past with Julian comes out
at the party, it could threaten your marriage.
Eve: I'll be careful. I'll stay away from Julian, and I'll keep T.C. away
from Julian.
Grace: Ok, you do that. Your marriage depends upon it.
Ethan: Why don't I get us something to drink.
Theresa: That would be great. Hurry back.
Ethan: Definitely.
Gwen: I’m surprised you let him leave your side.
Theresa: He'll be right back. But I am glad that I have a moment alone with
you. I need to ask you something.
Gwen: Oh?
Theresa: Your mother said there's going to be a new Mrs. Crane who's going to
take something back from me. She must have been talking about herself. So, was
she threatening me?

Julian: You absolutely will not be the girlfriend in our little scenario.
Father personally hired Deedee.
Rebecca: Well, then I guess I'll have to personally teach the little tart a
few tricks.
Julian: Call me crazy, but I doubt Deedee needs any tips.
Rebecca: Trust me. She doesn't have the finesse with men that I do. Ah --
take some notes, sweetheart. I’m going to show you exactly how this should be
done.
Julian: Thank you, Rebecca. I think we all get the picture.
Rebecca: No thanks necessary. I just want to make sure that our plan is
absolutely perfect.
Julian: Uh-huh. Excuse us. Yes. The guests must be arriving. I'll go greet
them while you set up our friends. We can't let anything go wrong.
Rebecca: I know. Alistair will never reinstate you as heir unless our plan
works.
Julian: Not to mention, if we don't break up the happy couple, father will
force us to murder them.
Rebecca: Well, don't worry about that, ok? Together we are unstoppable. And
tonight we will break up Luis and Sheridan for good.

Chad: Man, this is crazy. I mean, you know the longer Simone's in the dark
about us, the worse it's going to be when she finds out.
Whitney: Yes, I know. I’m going to tell her as soon as she gets back here.

Simone: Thanks for keeping my boyfriend company while I was gone, Whitney. So
I hope that we'll be able to have the first dance.
Chad: Hey, I’m a working man tonight, ok? I’m not sure if I’m going to have
much time for dancing.
Simone: Oh. Well, that's ok. I'll keep you company.
Chad: You know what? I think I’m going to go and start playing the music.
Simone: Ok.
Whitney: Hold on one second, Simone. There's something that I want to tell
you.
Julian: Eve, T.C., Good evening.
T.C.: There's nothing good about being in this house. We're only here because
we're friends of Pilar and Luis.
Eve: Oh, look, honey, there are the girls. Why don't we go over and say
hello.
Julian: I could kiss your scrumptious lips right now.
Eve: You try it, and T.C. will make you a soprano.
Gwen: I have no idea what my mother meant, and, frankly, I have better things
to do than stand around and discuss it with you.
Theresa: You know what, Gwen? I think it's time that you both realized that
Ethan is mine and there's nothing you can do about it.
Gwen: We'll just see about that, won't we, dear?
[Reese coughs]
Miguel: Sit down.
Reese: You know, every time I’m in Tabitha's house, something strange
happens. That lady's a bona fide witch.
Jessica: Would you cut it out, Reese. Look, Tabitha's been nothing but nice
to us.
Charity: I knew there were happy times ahead of us.
Charity: It can't be.
Kay: Charity, what's wrong? Did you have another vision?
Charity: Yes. But it doesn't make any sense. I saw Sam and Ivy kissing at the
party, and aunt Grace saw them together.
Kay: Well, mom isn't even going to the party. That can't be right. Hey -- you
know, maybe this means that your vision of marrying Miguel is wrong, too.
Charity: I’m sure it isn't. But nothing would make me happier than for my
vision of Sam and Ivy to be wrong.

Tabitha: The damn hatpin won't go in far enough. He probably has nothing more
than a tickle in his throat right now.
Timmy: So what's Tabby going to do?
Tabitha: Well, we'll just have to avoid the teenage twit. Nothing is going to
stop me finding the artifact that will annihilate Miguel and Charity.
Timmy: Timmy hopes Charity isn't too upset when she loses Miguel. Hey --
Timmy will be there to pick up the pieces.
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy. The whole town's going to be in pieces. And when I find
the mystery object, I will use it to destroy everyone in Harmony. [Tabitha
cackles]
Pilar: I know you're waiting for Sam and I’m begging you, Mrs. Crane, stay
away from him.
Ivy: I can't, Pilar. I love him.
Pilar: I fear what's ahead for all of us tonight. Thank God Grace will not be
here tonight.
Ivy: Oh -- oh, I couldn't agree more.
Pilar: All I ask is that you follow your conscience. I know either Grace or
you will be hurt tonight, and I pray that you do not live to regret your
actions.
Rebecca: Oh, this is such fun. The Luis imposter and his girlfriend are
ready. They're just waiting for a signal.
Julian: Whatever will we do to pass the time? [Telephone rings]
Alistair: Stop pawing each other and start explaining, Julian. How did
Tabitha Lenox get invited to the party?
Julian: That old fool invited herself and her strange little doll, I might
add.
Alistair: You're the fool. You better watch Tabitha like a hawk.
Rebecca: Alistair, I don't understand. Why are you so worried about a
harmless old lady?
Alistair: Harmless? That woman is a menace. Don't let her out of your sight,
Julian.
Julian: Trust me, father, I will stick to Tabitha like glue.
Rebecca: Well, I don't understand what the deal is with this old woman and
her doll, but she's not going to interfere in our plan.
Luis: I bet that party's in full swing by now.
Sheridan: I bet it is. You know, if this party means that my family is
finally going to accept our relationship, this is the happiest night of my life.

Luis: I know how much that means to you.
Sheridan: It does. My family's never supported me.
Luis: I know that Julian and Alistair have treated you badly your whole life.
And I promise I will never let your family hurt you again.
Ethan: I hope Luis and Sheridan's engagement party goes better than ours did.

Theresa: I know it will. And there are more good times ahead. We're going to
have a double wedding. Gwen (to herself): Wrong, Theresa. You won't be marrying
Ethan.
Julian: Oh, greetings, children.
Kay: Hi, Mr. Crane.
Julian: Good evening. What, no raves to attend this evening?
Charity: We wouldn't miss this for the world, Mr. Crane.
Julian: How lucky for me. Well, look who's here. If it isn't my wife's
law-enforcing lover. You have a lot of nerve showing up here, Bennett.
Sam: Believe me, it's the last place I want to be.
Julian: Mm-hmm.
Sam: I won't be staying long.
Tabitha: Timmy and I are as pleased as punch to be here, Mr. Crane.
Julian: I don't suppose you and your rag doll get out all that often, do you?
I'll have my eye on you and that puppet all night long, Tabitha.
Reese: That makes two of us, Mr. Crane.
Julian: Who are you?
Reese: Just consider me a partner in crime.
Tabitha: There's a sight -- Julian and the nerd boy together. I wonder what
other surprises are in store for us tonight, huh?
Chad: So, did you tell Simone about us?
Whitney: My parents came in before I could say anything to her.
Chad: Well, you know this is a bad scene, right? I mean, you know this can't
really go on.
Whitney: What am I supposed to do?
Chad: There's only one thing to do. I’m going to tell her myself.
Simone: You were wrong about Chad liking Whitney. He picked me up from
Miguel's house for the party.
Kay: Hello? Wasn't Whitney there, too?
Simone: Yeah? So what? He gave me this wrist corsage. I’m his girlfriend now
and forever.
Kay: Whatever. Listen to this. Charity had a vision of being a bride.
Simone: Then you better get ready to be a bridesmaid because Charity's
visions always come true.
Kay: Not anymore. She also had a vision of my mom coming to this party, and
my mom is not coming to this party. So I guess her psychic days are over and
little Miss Goody Two-Shoes won't be marrying Miguel. I will.
Miguel: Thank God tonight is nothing like Ethan and Theresa's engagement
party. All that evil is out of our lives forever.
Charity: No.
Miguel: Charity, what's wrong?
Charity: I just had another vision. I saw aunt Grace. She was here, and she
walked in on Sam and Ivy kissing.
Miguel: But your aunt's not coming to the party, so there's no way that can
happen.
Charity: I guess you're right.
Ivy: I’m glad you came, Sam. I have some more photos of Ethan I'd like to
show you.
Sam: Look, I can't stay long. I promised Grace I'd take her out to dinner
later.
Ivy: No. We -- we just started to work out our feelings for each other.
Sam: Ivy, listen, there's nothing to work out. I have no feelings for you.

Ivy: You smell my perfume, don't you, Sam? It's jasmine -- your favorite. I
wore it especially for you.
Grace: If Sam works out his feelings for Ivy tonight, then we can be together
again. That's strange. I smell jasmine. Tabitha doesn't have any jasmine. Hmm.
Wonder where it can be coming from.
Ivy: You always did love the scent of jasmine, Sam.
Charity: Do you smell jasmine all of a sudden?
Miguel: No, I don't smell anything.
Charity: It's really strong. You know, Miguel, I have a really bad feeling
about tonight. A very bad feeling.

Sheridan: Wait. Just one more kiss before we face the crowd.
Luis: I could just stay here and kiss you all night. But I guess we should go
in. All right?
Sheridan: Ok. [Applause] [Applause]
Tabitha: This is our chance to make a getaway, Tim, Tim. It's time to find
the evil object.
Fake Luis: Should be getting the signal soon.
Deedee: You know, I just can't believe how much you look like Luis.
Fake Luis: Well, that is the plan. Sheridan's going to see me in bed with
you. She's going to think her fiancé betrayed her.
Julian: The games will begin very soon. Luis and Sheridan should celebrate
now because this is going to be one very short engagement.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 5/24/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 5/24/01






Proofread by
 Ebele and
 Elissia
[Applause]
Luis: Thank you. I would just like to say, on behalf of Sheridan and myself,
thank you all for coming to our engagement party. And I hope that you all have a
wonderful time.
Julian: Oh, yes. We will.&nbsp;
Woman: Whoo!
Whitney: Ok, wait. Chad, so you're telling me that you want to tell Simone
about us now, tonight, at this party?
Chad: Well, she's got to know the truth, that you and me are a couple.
Whitney: Ok, well, I'm worried about how she's going to react. She loves you,
Chad, and she thinks that you love her.
Chad: Hey, I never said that I loved her. All right? That was all a
misunderstanding.
Whitney: Yes, I know. But I just really don't want to hurt her like this.
Chad: Well, me neither. But she's got to know. Right now.
Simone: I can't wait to dance with Chad, feel his arms around me.
Kay: In a couple of months, there is going to be a party just like this for
me and Miguel.
Simone: Dream on, Kay.
Kay: You'll see, Simone. I mean, once he gets a good look at me in this
dress, it'll be a snap to seduce him. And then I’ll get pregnant, and that'll be
it. Happily ever after.
Tabitha: We've got work to do, Timmy. We have to find that object that will
help us tear Charity and Miguel apart.
Timmy: Is Tabby sure it's in the house?
Tabitha: Well, why else would my divining rod have led us here earlier? No.
If we let those two make love, then Charity will come into her full powers and
you and I will be destroyed. Where should we start? Come on, let's go up here.

Jessica: You know, you've got to stop this, Reese.
Reese: Haven't you --
Jessica: Leave Tabitha alone.
Reese: Haven't you noticed how weird she's been acting lately, even for her?
Tabitha's a witch, and before tonight's over, I'm going to prove it.
Jessica: Reese –
Miguel: Charity, what is it?
Charity: I just have the feeling that something's wrong here.
Miguel: Like what?
Charity: You know how earlier I had that vision of Sam and Ivy kissing, and
then aunt Grace walked in on them?
Miguel: But that vision -- or, you know, whatever it is -- I mean, it can't
come true because your aunt's not going to be here tonight.
Charity: I know. I know it doesn't make sense. I just -- I keep having all
these other bad feelings, too. And then I keep smelling this jasmine.
Miguel: I don't smell it.
Charity: I feel like it's trying to tell me something, Miguel, and I don't
know what.
Miguel: Come on, Charity. Everything's fine. Look, tonight is going to be
nothing but fun.
Charity: You're right. I'm sorry.
Miguel: It's all right.
Ivy: Do you like the jasmine, Sam? I wore it especially for you. Do you
remember the first night I wore it for you? It was on the beach, and we made a
fire. You remember it, don't you?
Pilar: I still can't believe that Grace let Sam come to this party without
her.
Eve: She thinks that Sam needs to resolve his feelings about Ivy.
T.C.: Most psychologists would think that's a good idea. But they don't know
Ivy.
Pilar: She will do anything to get Sam back.
T.C.: The Crane mansion. I swore that I would never set foot in this place
again, and here I am. This place is -- just gives me the creeps. It's like evil
lives here. I'm sorry, Pilar. I know that Luis loves Sheridan, and I know that
Sheridan is not like the rest of her family. But the Cranes bring nothing but
pain and misery to everyone they touch.
Eve: Misery to everything they touch.

Ethan: Excuse us.
Chad: All right, man.
Ethan: So, how does it feel?
Luis: It doesn't get any better than this, does it?
Theresa: I'm so happy for you guys!
Sheridan: Thank you.
Ethan: You know, I've -- I've never seen Sheridan this happy. This means so
much to her. And Julian and Alistair throwing a party for her, accepting you
into the family -- she finally feels like she has their love.
Luis: Mm-hmm.
Ethan: She's always wanted that.
Luis: I know. We've already had a long discussion about that.
Ethan: Well, there's just one thing, though.
Luis: And I've already been warned. Everyone's told me not to trust that
Julian and Alistair are throwing this party out of the goodness of their hearts
-- like I need to be told that.
Ethan: Right. Right, but it is possible that --
Luis: That this a set up? That they're doing something to try and screw
Sheridan and me up? It's not going to work. I love Sheridan, and she loves me.
There's nothing they can come up with to separate us. Hey.
Julian: So, are we all set out here?
Fake Luis: Let's do it.
Rebecca: You know, I just can't get over how much you look like Luis -- in
every way.
Fake Luis: No problem.
Rebecca: Oh, his voice was perfect.
Julian: Mm-hmm.
Fake Luis: At your service, Mr. Crane.
Rebecca: Remarkable.
Julian: So, Deedee, are you feeling amorous this evening?
Deedee: Always.
Fake Luis: Hey, don't worry. We're going to put on a show when Sheridan walks
in on us that's going to blow her feeble little mind.
Julian: Would that I could be there.
Rebecca: Indeed.
Julian: Well, well -- blow her mind or no, just as long as our little drama
plays out according to plan and the final curtain rings down on Luis and
Sheridan's relationship.
Singer: Breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you are my passion for
life
Chad: Yeah, Simone's right there. I'm going to go tell her.
Whitney: Chad, no. Will you just look at how happy she is? We can't tell her
tonight, not at this party. Not in front of the whole town and all of her
friends. It's going to crush her. We can't.
Chad: Yeah. I guess. I'm -- look, I'm just tired of having to hide our
relationship from your sister.
Whitney: Well, trust me, so am I. But I cannot bear to tell her like this
tonight.
Chad: Ok, ok. But after the party, later on, we're going to tell her.

Simone: Chad loves me. I must be the luckiest girl in the world.
Kay: It's like he's chained to her.
Simone: Who?
Kay: Well, she's not going to be smiling in a couple of months.
Simone: Leave them alone, Kay. Plotting to get pregnant to get a guy is
disgusting.
Kay: Well, I'm an &quot;end justifies the means&quot; kind of girl. And besides, it's
not like I don't have a right to Miguel. He did tell me he loved me.
Simone: As a friend.
Kay: Well, if Charity hadn't come to town, we'd be together.
Simone: But she did show up, Kay. She's here. And Miguel said that no other
girl makes him feel the way Charity does.
Kay: Yes. But once I get him in bed, he will change his tune. He's going to
be saying that no other woman makes him feel the way that I do.

Charity: There it is again, Miguel – that smell.
Miguel: I still don't smell it.
Charity: You know, and it's not just the jasmine. It's something else now.
It's -- it's temptation. And it's really wrong, Miguel. It's so wrong.
Ivy: Do you remember the love we shared, Sam? And the love we can share
again? Do you remember?
Eve: Maybe we should call Grace and tell her to get down here.
T.C.: No. We're not going to do anything. This is what Grace wants -- for Sam
to come to terms with his feelings for Ivy.
Eve: Yeah, but what if --
T.C.: Sweetheart, no. We're staying out of it, all right? Whatever happens
happens.
Pilar: And we just have to trust in Sam's love for Grace.
T.C.: Exactly.
Theresa: My brother has always called me a silly romantic, but I told him
that there was this perfect woman out there just waiting for him.
Sheridan: That would be me!
Luis: Yes, it would.
Julian: Oh. Well -- ahem -- here's a happy group.
Rebecca: Yes. You light up the room.
Sheridan: Well, we're having a wonderful time. I can't thank you enough for
giving us this party.
Julian: Well, I wish I could take full credit, but father's every bit as
responsible as I am.
Sheridan: And I'm going to thank him the next time I speak to him.
Julian: Yeah, that time is at hand.
Alistair: Ladies and gentlemen, your attention, please. Alistair Crane
speaking. I want to thank you all for coming and to apologize for my absence.
Unfortunately, I have some pressing business concerns, but I wanted to call and
wish my daughter and her fiancé all the happiness in the world. Sheridan, dear,
I love you so very, very much. And your happiness means everything to me.
Deedee: All right, Laurence Olivier. Aren't you going to drop the phony
voice when we're alone?
Fake Luis: Not a chance. See, it helps me get cantered on my character.
Deedee: Oh, please.
Fake Luis: You know what? I love working for the Cranes, though. They always
come with lots of cold cash, but you got to watch out. Get on the wrong side --
squish you like a bug.
Deedee: So I’ve heard.
Fake Luis: Yeah. Goes for their own family, too.
Deedee: Julian -- he's faking like he cares all about Sheridan when all he's
really doing is plotting to ruin her life. Hypocrite.
Sheridan: Isn't it sweet of father to call?
Julian (to himself): Won't be long now. That
toothpaste grin on Sheridan's face will be gone. Her life will never be the
same.

Timmy: Does Tabby have a plan?
Tabitha: Oh, I don't have a clue. I have no idea what I'm looking for, Timmy.
If it wasn't for my trusty divining rod leading us here, I wouldn't even know
that what we need to separate Charity and Miguel is somewhere here in this
mansion.
Timmy: Timmy still doesn't get it. How can Tabby be sure that they can find
something when they don't even know what they're looking for?
Tabitha: Well, we just have to trust that the forces of darkness will guide
us, and we just have to stay open to however they choose to do it.
Timmy: Open. Wide.
Tabitha: Now, let's see –
Alistair: Tonight is one of great pride and joy for the Crane family -- pride
in my beautiful daughter and Julian's beloved sister, and joy because I can feel
even from here that our house is filled with happiness.
Sheridan: Yes. Oh, yes.
Alistair: Now, I don't mean to paint an overly rosy picture. It's no secret
Luis has had his differences with the Cranes. But I hope that tonight is the
first step toward making him feel like part of our family. So, a most heartfelt
welcome to Luis. And now I'm afraid I must leave you. The pressing concerns
await -- a merger that must be attended to immediately. But I leave you with a
smile on my face, knowing that my daughter's engagement party will be a night
she'll never forget.
Julian: And now, ladies and gentlemen, we would like to move the party into
the solarium where dancing and other festivities are set to begin, so --
Sheridan: Julian, this is all so wonderful. Thank you so much.
Julian: Enjoy, dear. It's your night.
Rebecca: No glitches so far.
Julian: There won't be. This is all going to be as smooth as a baby's bottom
-- or someone's bottom.
Rebecca: Well, we'll see, won't we?
Julian: Yes, we will. Tonight's party is turning out to be the affair of the
decade. Everyone's going to be discussing the festivities for years to come.
Nothing yet.

Tabitha: What could it be, Tim, Tim?
Timmy: Beats Timmy.
Tabitha: Well, whatever it is, it has to be here, somewhere in this house --
an object that will help us find a way to tear Charity and Miguel apart. If only
we had a sign. Wait a minute. I smell evil. Where are we?
Timmy: A bedroom.
Tabitha: Ivy's bedroom. Ooh. Ooh, there's a strong smell of evil in here. Ivy
must be plotting something.
Timmy: Duh. She's plotting to get Sam away from Grace.
Tabitha: Oh, no, no, no. It's much more than that. Anyway, we don't have time
right now. Got our own problems. You know, it's funny, Timmy. Even though I
don't have my powers, I feel that -- that we're close to something. We're close
to finding the key that we need, and that it's right here, somewhere, under my
nose.

Ivy: They look wonderful, don't they, Sam? I remember another young couple
who used to gaze into each other's eyes just the same way -- a debutante and the
son of a cop. And they were so in love. Do they remind you of anyone, Sam?

Pilar: Luis looks truly happy tonight. And in a house he hated to even enter.

Eve: There they are again -- Sam and Ivy.
T.C.: Well, she's on the prowl again.
Pilar: If only Sam had told Grace that he and Ivy were once young lovers.
T.C.: Well, he didn't, and he bought himself a ton of trouble.
Pilar: Secrets in a marriage -- you know, they always come out.
T.C.: Yes, and they wreck a marriage. I don't know why husbands and wives
just can't be honest with each other.
Theresa: Ethan, this room is so beautiful. It's romantic.
Ethan: Well, we can have that. Maybe not on such a grand scale, but --
Theresa: Oh, it will be wonderful. No matter what, it will be perfect. It's a
double wedding! What's wrong?
Ethan: I don't know if I can do this, Theresa. I don't think I can go through
with this.
Singer: You are my passion for life.
Theresa: Are you -- are you saying that you don't want to marry me? That you
want to call off the wedding?
Ethan: No. No, that's not what I'm saying at all.
Theresa: But you said that you couldn't go through with this.
Ethan: Look, Theresa, I'm sorry. I know that sounded stupid of me. Forgive
me.
Theresa: For what? I still don't understand what you mean.
Ethan: I'm talking about being here, being back at the Crane mansion.
Theresa: There are lots of memories.
Ethan: I mean, my room was completely ripped apart, totally redesigned like I
never even lived there. That hurts.
Theresa: Ethan --
Ethan: Just being here at this party. The house is all decorated. All the
people. It's tearing me apart, reminding me that I'm not a Crane anymore,
reminding me that my whole life was basically a lie.
Theresa: No.
Ethan: And even if I could blame this all on the person who sent the
information to the tabloid, it's still deeper than that. You know, I miss -- I
miss being at the mansion. I miss my home.
Theresa: Of course you do.
Ethan: I -- you know, I know that I should stay here and help celebrate
Sheridan's engagement, and I will. It just -- it still hurts.
Tabitha: Where can it be, Timmy?
Timmy: Tabby keeps saying that.
Tabitha: Well, I -- but I still have a feeling that it's somewhere right here
in front of me. Ooh! The vial!
Timmy: How can the vial be doing that?
Tabitha: Well, I don't know. It's -- wait a minute. It's Kay's soul. Perhaps
Kay's soul is leading us to what we're looking for, leading us to the object
that we need to separate Charity and Miguel.
Timmy: How? Timmy doesn't understand.
Tabitha: Well, I'm not sure I do, either, Timmy, but -- but I do have a
theory.
Timmy: Great. Just what Timmy and Tabby need -- a theory.
Tabitha: Well, since Hecuba took away Kay's soul, it must be held by the
forces of darkness. So they're communicating through it. They're using their
energy to lead us in the right direction. So all we have to do is follow the
vial.
Timmy: Here it goes, princess.
Tabitha: Look, Timmy!
Reese: Aha! I got you!
T.C.: You know, sweetheart, every time I look at you, I have to pinch myself.

Eve: You what?
T.C.: Well, I'm married to the most beautiful woman in this world, inside and
out.
Eve: Now, what brought that on?
T.C.: Guilt.
Eve: What do you have to feel guilty about?
T.C.: Well, I was thinking about what I said earlier about how couples should
be honest with themselves. Then I started thinking that maybe I should take my
own advice.
Eve: I'm not following you.
T.C.: Sweetheart, I have kept secrets from you. I mean, things that happened
in my past that we never talked about.
Eve: Like your knee, the shed, even Julian Crane.
T.C.: Yeah. I should’ve never kept those things to myself, and I know that.

Eve: It's all right, honey.
T.C.: Well, at least you know none of that had to do with another woman, I
can promise you that.
Eve: Well, I'm sorry that you're worrying about it, that you feel guilty. I
mean, there's no reason for you to feel bad about not wanting to talk about
something. And we will when you want to. We'll take it at your pace.
T.C.: Sweetheart, you are a wonderful woman. I have to be honest, I don't
know if I could be this understanding if you were keeping secrets from me about
another man. Besides, you wouldn't keep any secrets from me. And as for another
man -- that's a joke.

Ivy: Well. You never answered my question, Sam.
Sam: Yes. Luis and Sheridan do remind me of us -- the way we were. But that
was a long time ago. There is nothing between us now.
Ivy: Well, there would be if it hadn't been for my father's lies and Julian
and Alistair's manipulations.
Sam: We have been through this, Ivy, over and over. You married Julian, and
it doesn't matter that it was arranged. You married into the Cranes, and you
chose to stay with Julian.
Ivy: Because of Ethan. I did what I thought was best for my son -- for our
son.
Sam: I just wasn't good enough for you. That's the bottom line. You had a
chance to let Ethan be raised by his real father or be brought up filthy rich,
and you opted for the cash.
Ivy: No, that is not true. But I can't undo what's been done. All I can do is
-- is try to find what we once had.
Sam: You want it both ways. You talk about leaving the past behind,
forgetting about it. And in your next breath, you're saying that we should try
to go back and find -- find what?
Ivy: What we had! And I will do whatever it takes. Don't dismiss what we
meant to each other, Sam, because it can be like that again. I know it can.
Chad: Hey, what's happening, fellow party goers?
Theresa: Hey.
Chad: Something wrong?
Ethan: No. No, everything's fine.
Theresa: You know, why don't we get out of here for a while, go for a walk on
the grounds?
Ethan: That's a great idea.
Chad: Yo, I'm halfway out the door. Let's go.
Whitney: No, wait, wait. Chad, we have to play the music.
Chad: Oh, but, see, I've been doing so many gigs lately that I finally picked
myself up one of those computerized D.J. Systems. Yeah, that's right.
Everything's pre-programmed, so I can do anything I want, including spending
time with the woman of my dreams.
Simone: Oh, Chad. I'm so glad that you'll be able to spend time with me
tonight.
Miguel: Hey, what's up?
Charity: Hey, what's going on?
Chad: Hey, what's happening?
Miguel: How you doing, man?
Chad: All right.
Kay: Why is everybody so quiet?
Theresa: Oh, you know, we're not. We were just talking about going for a walk
on the grounds.
Charity: Great. I would really like to explore this place.
Simone: Ooh, Chad and I would, too.
Charity: So, where should we go?
Theresa: Well, it doesn't matter. I mean, you can walk miles in any
direction.
Ethan: Wait a minute. I know the perfect place to go.
Simone: Ooh, where?
Ethan: Well, it's a place where true love is revealed and those that are
meant to be together are brought together.
Simone: Sounds great.
Ethan: Also, it's where lies and secrets are exposed, as are the liars and
those that harbor secrets. So, is everybody ready?
Chad: Uh --
Miguel: Sure.
Charity: Yeah, let's go.
Chad: Yeah, man, yeah.
Ethan: All right, then. Follow me.
Chad: Ok.
Simone: Come on.
Ethan: Right this way.

Rebecca: I hate all this waiting. When do we get started?
Julian: The starter's pistol is about to fire. Now, Deedee, mon amour, you
must listen to me carefully, very carefully.
Deedee: Oh, well, I am all ears. Well, maybe not all.
Julian: Ah, yes. I see your point.
Rebecca: Ahem -- Julian? Let's just get on with it.
Julian: Yes. Now, it is very important that you do exactly as I say.
Deedee: I am very obedient, Mr. Crane.
Rebecca: Those two will have no idea what hit them. None at all.
Reese: I knew it! You'd have to get up pretty early in the morning to pull
one over on -- hey!
Tabitha: Yes?
Reese: What happened? Ow!
Tabitha: Keep your hands to yourself!
Reese: That vial -- it was glowing and floating.
Tabitha: What?
Reese: I saw it.
Tabitha: Oh, you're out of your tiny mind.
Jessica: Oh, there you are. I was wondering where you were.
Reese: I saw it, Jessica -- the proof! I've got it!
Jessica: Proof?
Reese: Yeah. This vial around Tabitha's neck? It was glowing and floating
around like this.
Tabitha: Naughty, naughty!
Jessica: Uh, yeah. You mind telling me what's going on here?
Tabitha: It's nothing, Jessica dear.
Jessica: Yeah, but Reese just said that --
Tabitha: If he thought he saw my vial floating, it was because I whirled
around when I was frightened when he came into the room.
Reese: Oh, no, you're not blaming this on centrifugal force.
Tabitha: I never would dream of such a thing.
Jessica: Look, Reese, you really need to leave Tabitha alone.
Reese: But it was glowing! What about the glow?
Tabitha: The room is awash with light! It was reflecting!
Reese: Don't you think I know a reflection when I see one?
Jessica: Come here. Come on.
Reese: What?
Jessica: Look, you are making a fool of yourself with this hocus-pocus stuff.
Yeah.
Tabitha: Damn that boy! Why won't he leave me alone?
Timmy: The vial -- it's floating and glowing again!
Tabitha: This time we're going to follow it, Timmy. Follow, follow.
Timmy: It stopped floating.
Tabitha: This can't be right. It's led us to the bloody wall!
Timmy: Maybe it's broken.
Reese: I know what I saw, Jessica, and that vial was floating. I'm going to
go get Tabitha right now and prove it.
Jessica: No --
Reese: Now where'd they go?
Timmy: Where are Timmy and Tabby?
Tabitha: We're in some sort of secret passageway. I just hope it leads us to
what we're looking for. [Noise]
Timmy: What was that?
Tabitha: I don't know. I have the distinct feeling it wasn't good. [Timmy and
Tabitha scream]
Tabitha: Oh. Oh, oh --
Timmy: Ow, ow. Ow! Tabby, are you all right?
Tabitha: Well, I've been better. Well, at least I don't think anything's
broken.
Timmy: Where are Timmy and Tabby now?
Tabitha: Underneath where we were before. Wait a minute. I know exactly where
we are, Timmy! We're -- we're in the underground corridor leading to Hecuba's
old lair!
Timmy: Hecuba?
Tabitha: Oh, don't worry. Don't worry. She's still trapped in that bottle.
She can't do us any harm. Uh-oh. Here we go, Timmy.
Timmy: Why would Hecuba build an underground lair beneath the Crane grounds?

Tabitha: Oh, look, she was here long before the Cranes. I had forgotten all
about this spot. Hecuba used to radiate evil out into the world from here. I
helped her. Oh, look, Timmy -- the maze. Hecuba's greatest creation. This maze
was designed to attract all the negative and evil energy in the area and focus
it on couples that stumbled into it. Oh, the chaos that went on in there, Timmy.
Oh, it was all too delicious. Oh, wouldn't it be a hoot if some of the people in
the party just came upon the maze tonight. Oh, well. One can always hope.
Timmy: It doesn't look all that dangerous.
Tabitha: Oh, wolf in sheep's clothing. Look. There's the entrance. Pity
anyone who goes beyond that gate, Timmy.
Ethan: Hey, this is it -- the maze. It's -- it's been there for at least a
hundred years. Wow. I can't remember the last time I was inside. I think I was a
kid.
Theresa: A maze? That's so fun!
Theresa: When Ethan said that thing about revealing secrets, I thought it was
all over, that he'd learn mine.
Whitney: Oh, I know, and I was so scared that Simone was going to find out
that Chad and I are really a couple before we got a chance to really say
anything to her.
Kay: A maze. Simone, we're going to have to find a way to use this to our
advantage, you know.
Ethan: So, does everyone remember what I said inside? That the maze reveals
true love, but it also reveals lies and secrets -- and those that tell lies
themselves. So, knowing this, do you still want to go inside?

Sam: We can't get anything back, Ivy. My feelings for you are all in the
past. If our love was the real thing, then nothing would've been able to tear us
apart -- not your father, Alistair, Julian, nobody, because true love can't be
torn apart. Like Grace and me -- no matter what, I’ll always love her. I just
hope Sheridan and Luis have what it takes to be together because you can bet
that Julian and Alistair will try to tear them apart. I hope Sheridan stands by
Luis no matter what her family tries. Unlike you, Ivy. You let them tear us
apart, destroy what we had together.
Julian: I hate to interrupt, but I need to ask Luis a favor. Security just
notified me -- there's a rumor that my gun collection could be the target of
thieves while the party's going on. And I was wondering if you would give me a
hand -- ugh -- you know, moving it. It's one of the perks of having a cop in the
family.
Luis: Yeah, let's go.
Julian: Uh, leave your jacket here. You'll be doing some heavy lifting.
Sheridan: Here. Just don't be long.
Julian: I’ll have him back in a flash. Promise you.
Rebecca: Get ready to make that call.
Pilar: Oh, I see a caterer who's an old friend. I’ll be right back.
Sheridan: Ok. [Telephone rings]
Sheridan: Oh. Must be Luis' phone. Caller I.D. must be turned off. Should I
answer it? No.
[Ring]
Sheridan: What if it's the police station?
[Ring]
Sheridan: Or the F.B.I? Hello?&nbsp;
Deedee: Where the hell are you? Are you never going to make some time for me
at this damn party? And when are you going to dump that little spoiled rotten
debutante bitch to spend some time with me? You promised you would make love to
me tonight.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 5/25/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 5/25/01






Proofread by
 Ebele and
 Elissia
Tabitha: I can feel it, Timmy. We're very close to Hecuba's lair.
Timmy: Tabitha, look.
Tabitha: Ooh -- the vial is going to lead us. Lead us, vial. Show us
the way to the mysterious object that we need to separate Charity and Miguel. Of
course, if Charity and Miguel went into the maze, we might not need the object
at all.
Timmy: Why?
Tabitha: I told you, lad. Because the maze attracts evil and negative
energy, affecting all the couples who enter into it. Hecuba created it hundreds
of years ago on what is now the Crane property.
Timmy: Hecuba created the maze?
Tabitha: Oh, yes. Definitely one of her finer moments. Hmm. Oh, we had
some witching good times down here, Timmy, the two of us. We developed this
potion, and we used it to foul up things between couples. Oh! Oh, the sweet
havoc we wreaked among mortal minds.
Timmy: Maybe the potion's still down here.
Tabitha: Hmm. That's probably too much to ask for -- hoping to find
that potion. But what we can hope for is that some of Harmony's brightest
couples find their way into the maze tonight. And if they do, their
relationships will be damaged beyond repair. If they go beyond the maze's gate,
they'll be doomed.
Chad: Wait a minute. Back up here, man. The maze is supposed to do
what?
Ethan: Well, it reveals true love. Look, it said the maze will bring
together couples that are supposed to be together. But it also reveals lies and
uncovers secrets.
Theresa's voice: What if Ethan learns my secret -- that I knew he
wasn't a Crane and didn't tell him?
Kay: Simone, this is way creepy. I mean, what if --
Simone: The maze reveals your scheme to seduce Miguel, get pregnant,
and steal him away from Charity? Hmm -- I wonder how that would go over.
Ethan: What's wrong? What, none of you want to go in?
Chad: Well, I don't know, man. I mean --
Kay: It just kind of freaks us out a little. That's all.
Ethan: No. Look, the maze is fun. Don't be scared off by what I've
said. And it's just a legend. It's not real. Come on.
Chad: All right. I’m game. Let's go.
Ethan: Great.
Theresa: Wait, wait. Wait a minute. I mean, like, when was this maze
built? How long has it been here?
Ethan: Well, I’m not sure exactly, but my -- Julian told me that this
was here before the Crane mansion was ever built. You guys are going to love it.
I mean, there are dozens and dozens of passageways. I mean, I used to run
through here all the time when I was a kid. You know, and the maze is arranged
in a way that you can't even tell how it works from the air.
Whitney: Ok, but, Ethan, how does it work?
Simone: Is it like a game or maybe a --
Ethan: Yes, yes, it's like a game -- a game for lovers. Look, the
legend in the maze shows whether or not lovers are truly meant to be together.

Kay: This maze will definitely show that Miguel and I are supposed to
be together.
Theresa: It's just an old wives' tale, right? I mean, the thing about
revealing secrets? Let's just go in there and have fun.
Whitney: Yeah. Yeah, we'll have fun.
Ethan: You know, Chad, from what I saw earlier, I guess you haven't
told Simone that you're in love with her sister yet, huh?
Chad: Whitney didn't want to embarrass her at the party.
Ethan: Yeah, of course.
Simone: I’m ready to go into the maze with my boyfriend.
Sam: Look, I think I've had enough of this.
Ivy: Oh. You can't just get up and walk out.
Sam: Look, I want to go home to my wife.
Ivy: But she wants you --
Sam: Look, I know she wants us to spend time together, resolve things.
I just don't have any feelings for you, Ivy.
Ivy: Well, I’m not convinced.
Sam: Well, I’m not sure that concerns me.
Ivy: Well, it should. Grace won't be convinced until I am convinced.

Sam: Well, I don't know what more I can do, short of getting a court
order.
Ivy: She wants to hear it from me, Sam. Grace needs to know that I
know.
Sam: Well, I’m not sure that I can trust that you're going to keep
your word, Ivy.
Ivy: Cross my heart.
Sam: So you're going to call her and tell her that I don't have any
feelings for you?
Ivy: Yes -- just as soon as you convince me.
Sam: How?
Ivy: Come up to my bedroom.

Julian: If you could take the guns down the hall to the first room on
the right -- the door's open, there's a safe inside. Put the guns in there. I'd
be forever in your debt. Oh.
Luis: Yeah, sure.
Julian: All right.
Julian: Yes.
Alistair: And how is our plan to split Luis and Sheridan developing?
And I want good news.
Julian: Everything is running perfectly, father. Luis suspects
nothing.
Alistair: And Sheridan?
Julian: Well, she's receiving a very unsettling phone call as we
speak.
Deedee: Damn it, you promised you would make love to me tonight, that
you would make some time for me. I hate this party, and I hate being alone. Now,
come make love to me like you promised. Come on, baby. You told me that spoiled
little debutante had nothing compared to me, remember? So prove it to me, big
boy. Come to me. Forget little Miss Moneybag because I've got everything you've
ever needed.
Kay: So, how does the maze reveal when a couple's truly in love?
Ethan: Well, legend has it that in the center of the maze is a love
square.
Chad: Oh, love square, you-all. [All laugh]
Ethan: Yes, and the first couple to make it to the square will live
and love together forever, and all that is good will be bestowed on them.
Charity: Ooh. Well, I hope it's us. I hope that we get there first.

Kay's voice: Fat chance.

Ivy: Shall we?
Sam: Your bedroom is about the last place that I'd like to be right
now.
Ivy: What's the matter, Sam? Afraid you can't resist me?
Sam: Hardly. Look, I’m sorry that sounded kind of harsh, but I don't
think your bedroom is the proper place for me to be.
Ivy: Would you relax, Sam? I’m not trying to seduce you.
Sam: No?
Ivy: No. I just want to show you some more pictures of Ethan, some
trophies. We had such a good time looking through the album today. I thought you
might enjoy getting to know a little bit more about your son's life.
Sam: Is that all?
Ivy: Promise.
Sam: All right. I would like to learn a little bit more about Ethan,
but I’m warning you -- if this is another one of your tricks --
Ivy: You have my word. No tricks.

Deedee: Fine. If you won't come to me, then I’m going to come to you.
I don't care what your rich little fiancée has to say. I’m going to find you,
lover. Now, meet me where you said you would. I'll be waiting. Come to me now,
baby.
Sheridan: What is going on? Who is this?

Alistair: Let's hope the phone call does the trick, then.
Julian: How could it miss?
Alistair: And the modifications that I made to your plan -- they're
being followed to the letter, yes?
Julian: Yes. I assure you, I've taken care of everything. The plan is
for Sheridan to ultimately discover the Luis imposter in bed with another woman.
Everything's going according to plan. I’m sure Sheridan's still on her phone
call to Deedee, staggered by what she's hearing. And Luis -- he hasn't a clue as
to what we're up to.
Luis: You're wrong. I know exactly what you're up to.
Deedee: Sheridan wants to know who it is.
Rebecca: So, just -- just ask her who she is.
Deedee: Who is this?
Sheridan: Sheridan Crane.
Rebecca: Brava! Deedee, brava. Oh, I can't wait to tell Julian that
the first part of our plan went off without a hitch.
Luis: You don't think I have any idea what you're up to?
Alistair: Whatever could you mean, Luis?
Luis: Everyone warned me about this party, that you had an ulterior
motive. And I believed them. Don't have to warn me that the Cranes are up to
something. The Cranes are always up to something.
Julian: Really, Luis. After all we've done -- throwing this engagement
party for you and Sheridan -- is this how you respond?
Luis: Oh, no, it's worked, Julian. You've made Sheridan a very happy
woman. She actually started to believe that you and Alistair actually care about
her. Well, I even started to believe it myself. But I know your motive. I see
the reason that you're throwing this party. You're trying to make nice with me,
trying to soften me up so I'll forget about my father's disappearance.
Alistair: Luis, please, that's ridiculous.
Luis: I’m not here to cause a scene. I’m just putting the both of you
on notice. I’m never going to forget about what happened to my father. And I'll
follow any lead. If it leads to you, Alistair, or if that leads to you, Julian,
heaven help you. [Door slams]
Julian: Fantastic speech, wouldn't you say, father?
Alistair: We always did know the Lopez Fitzgeralds were a passionate
bunch. Keep me informed, Julian. Luis thinks he can threaten, but he's utterly
in the dark. He'll never find a lead concerning his father's disappearance
because, after tonight, he'll never be this close to the Crane family again. Get
to work.
Julian: God. I have to relax, take my mind off everything. Oh. Hmm. To
success.
Eve's voice: It seems that I was wrong your magic lingers on every
moment you're gone I taste your kiss
Julian: Ah, Eve. If only father hadn't torn us apart oh so many years
ago.
Eve's voice: Gave me such a rush

T.C.: So, sweetheart, you having an ok time?
Eve: Oh, I’m having as ok a time as I can have at the Crane mansion.

T.C.: You know I am never comfortable here.
Eve: T.C.?
T.C.: Yes, honey.
Eve: I know you don't like to talk about your past, your knee, or the
shed, hatred of Julian Crane. But is there anything that I can do to help?
T.C.: No, but it's great to know that I have a very supportive wife.
And I promise not to embarrass you tonight.
Eve: What?
T.C.: Well, sweetheart, you know how I am. Every time I’m at one of
these Crane functions, I’m always ready to come to blows with Julian. But I
promise, tonight I’m going to keep my temper in check. Unless I walk in on you
and Julian making love. Sweetheart, do you remember when we were at the hospital
and I was -- well, we were all looking at the D.N.A. test results for Chad?
Eve: Yeah.
T.C.: Sweetheart, I can't believe that I started to think that you and
Julian once had an affair. I’m sorry for suspecting something like that.

Pilar: Luis? Did you help Julian move his guns?
Luis: Yeah, part of it. I had a little heart to heart with Julian and
Alistair before we could finish.
Pilar: About what?
Luis: I just wanted to let them know that I’m not giving up trying to
find out what happened to papa.
Pilar: You didn't anger them, did you?
Luis: So what if I did?
Pilar: Well, if they weren't planning on destroying your relationship
with Sheridan before, they will now.
Luis: Mama, look. Sheridan and I love each other, ok? Now, there's
nothing they can do to separate us.
Sheridan: Luis?
Luis: Yeah?
Sheridan: Did you ask some woman to meet you here at the party?

Sam: You keep pictures of your son in a safe?
Ivy: Well, there are some things I don't want Julian to see.
Sam: What's that?
Ivy: Nothing.
Sam: My -- when was this taken?
Ivy: Oh, at the summer carnival one year. I knew you'd be at the
Police Department's booth, so I had Pilar bring Ethan over so you could have
your picture taken together.
Sam: Why send Pilar?
Ivy: I was afraid that if you saw me with Ethan, you would know he was
yours. It's a good picture, don't you think? Father, son. For years, that
picture was all I had. And when things got tough -- well, I don't have to tell
you about my marriage with Julian. You know what it is -- what it was. That
picture -- it always reminded me of you, of us. And I cherished it. I still do.
For a long time, that picture was all I had in the world.

Ethan: So is everyone ready?
Miguel: Yep.
Charity: We are. Can we go in first?
Ethan: Well, actually, I forgot to tell you, you can't go in as a
couple.
Chad: What?
Miguel: Why not?
Ethan: That's one of the rules. You have to go in separately, at least
five seconds between. And you can't go in and then wait for your significant
other. That's why the game is so hard. You have to find the love square on your
own, separately.
Chad: The game's getting a little tough, ain't it?
Ethan: Well, hey, no one said true love was easy.
Simone: Oh, no. I don't want to hear another word how you and Miguel
are going to come out of that maze with your arms around each other.
Kay: You'll see.
Simone: No, you'll see. Chad and I are going to meet in that love
square together, and nobody's going to stop us.
Ethan: Ok, people. Let the game begin.
Chad: Let's do it.
Theresa: Wait, wait. What's this?
Ethan: Oh -- oh, yeah, that's the plaque. I forgot about that.
Chad: Oh, yeah? What does it say, man?
Theresa: &quot;Enter here only those pure of heart, pure of intentions and
love, and those with nothing to hide. All others, may God have mercy on your
soul.&quot;

Eve: What do you think you're doing?
Julian: Just being a friend, saying hello.
Eve: Just leave me alone, Julian, because you know that T.C. will go
crazy if he sees us together.
Julian: You know, I was just thinking or -- ahem -- I was remembering
a certain night many years ago when I first heard you sing at the club. I
happened to be listening to a tape of you just now. Stunning voice. Dazzling.

Eve: Where did you get a tape of me singing?
Julian: I had it made when we were together. I was going to promote
your career, but then --
Eve: I got pregnant and you abandoned me. Not that that matters now,
but that tape does matter. What are you trying to do, Julian? Destroy me?
Julian: Never.
Eve: I have worked very hard to keep my past a secret. If someone
hears that tape -- especially T.C. -- I'll lose everything.
Julian: I’m sorry, darling, but that tape and others like it are among
my prized possessions. I listen to it whenever I want to be taken back to the
past, what we had.
Eve: Yes, well, look what secrets of the past have done for your
family, for the Bennett’s, for Ethan. Just leave the past alone, Julian, and
leave me alone. You got it?
Julian: If only things had been different between us, sweet Eve. If
only I'd had the courage to stand up to my father.

Sheridan: Who was calling you, Luis?
Luis: Calling me?
Sheridan: I don't understand who would do this.
Luis: Well, the only people who have my cell phone number besides you
are -- Police Department and my family -- Theresa, Miguel -- Mom, did you just
call me?
Pilar: No.
Sheridan: No, I would've recognized your mother's voice. This voice --
I had never heard it before.
Luis: It was a woman?
Sheridan: Asking you to meet her somewhere.
Luis: What, she asked for me specifically, Luis Lopez Fitzgerald?
Sheridan: You know what? I don't remember her saying your name.
Luis: Yeah. Must've been a wrong number.
Pilar: What else did she say?
Sheridan: Well, she mentioned a party and meeting you -- not
specifically you, but whoever she was calling. Did you ask anyone to meet you
here tonight?
Luis: No.
Pilar: Sounds suspicious, doesn't it? I warned you about the Cranes
trying to do something at the party.
Sheridan: No, if my family was going to try to do something to us,
they wouldn't do it with a phone call.
Luis: Oh, hold on. You know what? Could be the guys at the station
playing a joke. They know the party's tonight. I'll get to the bottom of this
right now.

Rebecca: Look like trouble in paradise.

Tabitha: We're here.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't see anything.
Tabitha: That's exactly how Hecuba wanted it. But yours truly
remembers the secret entrance. Watch this.
Tabitha: Open sesame! [Tabitha laughs]
Tabitha: This is it, Timmy. This is the place where we can ruin the
lives of everyone in Harmony.



Ivy: You know, I suppose I don't have to keep the rest of these photos
in my safe anymore -- well, now that the entire world knows my secret, huh?
Maybe I should just put them up on the wall, let the whole world see.
Sam: Damn it, Ivy, I told you not to pull any of your tricks.
Ivy: It's not a trick, Sam. I was just showing you some pictures.
Sam: Oh, God.
Ivy: You know, instead of accusing me of trying to manipulate you,
maybe you should ask yourself why these photos make you so angry, Sam. They're
just old pictures. You have nothing to fear from a bunch of old photographs of
us. Unless, of course, you're worried that these pictures might awaken some
feelings you've buried deep inside of you. Is that what's going on, Sam? Are you
afraid that these pictures could spark the fire that you used to feel for me?


Rebecca: Look at him, squirming, desperately trying to explain the
phone call. Deedee, you were magnificent.
Deedee: Yes, I was, wasn't I?

Luis: All right. Sorry to bother you. Guys at the station house swear
up and down that it wasn't them.
Sheridan: It's so strange. I don't know what to think now.
Luis: I guess it's just a hell of a wrong number.
Sheridan: If only you had heard it.
Luis: Mom, you ok?
Pilar: I’m fine. I’m going to go mingle a little bit, enjoy the party.
I'll see you two later, hmm?
Luis: All right.
Sheridan: Ok.
Luis: Guess some guy out there is in a hell of a lot of trouble, huh?

Sheridan: Big time.
Luis: Yeah.
Sheridan: I’m just happy to know I can trust you no matter what.
Luis: No matter what.

Rebecca: What is going on? This was supposed to cause a big fight!
Julian: What? Dear Lord, don't tell me it brought them closer
together.
Rebecca: Julian, our plan is not working. It is not working at all.

Julian: Ah –

Tabitha: This is it, Timmy. You see? Kay's soul isn't glowing anymore.

Timmy: And that means?
Tabitha: That means that the object we're looking for to separate
Charity and Miguel is somewhere here in Hecuba's lair.
Timmy: But what is it?
Tabitha: I don't know. Maybe it's one of these potions, perhaps. Oh,
Timmy, Timmy, Timmy, be careful. Oh. Oh. Now, listen -- these potions are
incredibly powerful. If you broke the wrong one, it could kill both of us.
Timmy: Timmy's sorry. He didn't know.
Tabitha: No, well, that's all right, lad. Just -- just let me handle
everything around here, ok?
Timmy: You're the witch, Tabby.
Tabitha: Yes, that I am. Oh, Timmy. The havoc we wreaked upon the good
citizens of Harmony from this place. What sweet memories.
Timmy: It's kind of stuffy down here.
Tabitha: Yes, well, don't worry. Once we find the object that will rip
Charity and Miguel apart, we'll get out of here and go straight to work. How
does that sound? [Noise]
Timmy: It sounds like rumbling.
Tabitha: No! No, damn it! No, we've got to stop that stone closing!
Oh, bloody hell.
Timmy: But, Tabby, isn't there a way to open the door on this side of
the wall?
Tabitha: No! No, that -- that stone was supposed to stay open until we
left. There's no other way out, Timmy. Now we're trapped like rats in a cage.

Timmy: Does that mean Timmy and Tabby won't be able to separate Miguel
and Charity?
Tabitha: It means worse than that, Timmy.
Timmy: Oh, Timmy hates to ask, but how much worse?
Tabitha: Well, it could mean that we're -- we're trapped in here for
all eternity.
Timmy: Oh, no! No more Martimmys? Nada.

Sam: There are no feelings inside me to be awakened, Ivy. You need to
let go of the past.
Ivy: Well, I can't. It was the best time of my life.
Sam: Maybe for you. But my best times have been with Grace.
Ivy: No. No, that can't be true.
Sam: The past is the past.
Ivy: But ours was never resolved, Sam. And love and passion -- those
aren't things that just stop because a certain amount of time has elapsed!
Sam: Our past is alive only because you're keeping it alive. These
photos have you clinging to something that was over a long time ago.
Ivy: Because we were ripped apart.
Sam: No, you kept us apart.
Ivy: And I was sorry about that, but I kept you close. The locket you
gave me -- I kept it with me always. I wanted to keep your love with me.
Sam: No. No. I don't have feelings for you anymore. Now, you keep it,
you wear it, whatever you want to do with it. But it has nothing to do with
what's really going on, and you know it.
Ivy: What are you doing?
Sam: These belong in your safe. They don't belong in the real world.
These pictures are your past, like our love. It's over, Ivy.

Ethan: Is everyone ready?
Chad: Yeah. Let's do this.
Ethan: Ok. I’m going to go in first, then everyone follow separately.

Miguel: Got it.
Ethan: And I will see you in the love square.
Ethan: Ok, Theresa, you next.
Chad: Good luck. Via con dios!
Simone: The love square is waiting for us, Chad.
Whitney: Chad, I hate this. I feel so horrible for her.
Chad: All right, well, hey, look. We'll tell her the truth, all right,
once we can figure out a way not to embarrass her. But for now, we're going to
have some fun, all right? So let me see that smile. Let me see it. Yeah, there
it is. I'll see you soon.
Whitney: Ok.
Ethan: Everybody in?
Miguel: Almost.
Charity: I am so excited.
Miguel: We're going to get there first, right?
Charity: Oh, yeah. [Charity laughs]
Kay: Half right. He'll be there with me.

T.C.: I just saw you with Julian. What'd he want?
Eve: Just hospital business.
T.C.: Well, he touched your arm.
Eve: Honey, please. Don't let Julian get to you.
T.C.: Yeah, you're right, honey. Maybe I just need to just get away
from this party for a minute, just clear my head.
Eve: I'll join you in a minute.
T.C.: Ok. Sounds good.
Eve: T.C., If you find out about Julian and me, you'd never stay calm.
You'd kill Julian -- and me.

Luis: You hungry?
Sheridan: For food?
Luis: Why don't I go rustle us up something to eat.
Sheridan: Sounds great.
Luis: All right.
Sheridan: I love you.
Luis: I love you, too.
Sheridan: Don't be long.
Luis: I won't.

Rebecca: Oh, I thought at the very least that phone call would provoke
a screaming match.
Julian: No, no, no. Patience, Rebecca. We're laying the foundation.
We're planting the seeds of doubt in Sheridan's mind. Once she sees the imposter
with Deedee, she'll have to buy it.
Fake Luis: You ready for me now?
Rebecca: Where's the mask?
Fake Luis: It was getting too hot. I can put it on quick. Don't worry.

Julian: Then do it!
Rebecca: Amazing.
Julian: It's just uncanny. Luis and Sheridan will never know what hit
them.

Timmy: For all eternity? Isn't there any other way out?
Tabitha: I can't remember one.
Timmy: Timmy needs air. Timmy's going to pass out.
Tabitha: Oh, pull yourself together, lad.
Timmy: A window. A window will do. Timmy needs a window.
Tabitha: A window? We're more than a hundred feet underground, you
twit.
Timmy: A window. Where's a window? Timmy needs to find a window. Timmy
needs to find a window. Timmy --
Tabitha: Oh -- oh. Now you've done it, Timmy. Oh, forget being here
for all eternity. We could be dead in a matter of minutes.

T.C.: &quot;Julian Crane, club champion.&quot; That's bull. Should've been mine.
[Music plays]
Eve's voice: I thought I knew I could live
T.C.: That voice.
Eve's voice: Without you I could tell if I fell under your spell

Eve: Oh, that's me singing. Julian must've left the tape running.
Well, I better get in there before T.C. hears it because I could never explain
how Julian got that tape.

Sam: You are the one keeping this fantasy alive, not me.
Ivy: It wasn't a fantasy, Sam. It was real. Our past was real. What is
happening now is real. I’m not the one keeping this alive, Sam. We are. You
remember what it was like between us. I know you do. Can't you feel it now, Sam?
Can't you feel the fire?
Simone: This is unreal. Chad, you there?
Ethan: Miguel, Charity, Kay, are you guys in?
Miguel: I’m going in first.
Charity: Ok.
Miguel: I'll see you soon. [Charity laughs]
Kay: Oh -- I'll go in next, Charity.

Tabitha: Oh. Oh, you've broken the vial, Timmy. We're done for!
Timmy: What is it? What has Timmy done?
Tabitha: Wait -- wait a minute. I think you've found it.
Timmy: Found what?
Tabitha: The potion. That potion I was telling you about. The potion
that confuses people in relationships. Hecuba used it to cause all sorts of pain
and suffering. Oh, Tim Tim, this mist, when it hits the good people of Harmony,
they can all kiss their romances good-bye.

Julian: What? Is something bothering you?
Rebecca: So many things could go wrong -- I mean, even if the Luis
imposter does look perfect.
Julian: The plan will work. Luis and Sheridan are history.
Rebecca: You seem so sure.
Julian: They don't stand a chance. I want to see the look on
Sheridan's face when phase two of our plan kicks in. Huh.

Sheridan: I wonder who that crazy woman was who called Luis. Some poor
guy's going to get an earful when he gets home tonight.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 5/28/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 5/28/01






Proofread by
 Elissia
Timmy: Is princess sure this is the right stuff?
Tabitha: I think I know one potion from another.
Timmy: But Hecuba has more vials in her collection than fluffy has
fangs.
Tabitha: Oh, trust me. This is the potion that Hecuba -- and I --
developed to wreak havoc on any couple that is stupid enough to think they
were destined for a lifetime of happiness. It works every time, Timmy. It
twists people's minds, not to mention their futures. [Sniffs]
Tabitha: Take a deep sniff. It has a very distinctive scent. And once
this mist makes it up to the festivities on the crane estate, every happy
couple you can think of will be torn asunder.
Charity: Why am I picturing Miguel kissing Kay inside the maze?
Simone: Oh --
Kay: My --
Simone: Kay. Have you seen Chad?
Kay: No. But I'm not looking for him. I'm trying to find Miguel. I want
to make sure we're the first to make it to the love square.
Simone: Kay, Ethan's been playing in this maze since he was a kid. Even
he said that whole thing about couples meeting in the square, being
together forever, is all just a big legend.
Kay: Well, fine. You treat it as a legend. I'm going to be the one
living happily ever after with my true love.
Simone: Don't forget about the baby that you're planning to trick
Miguel into fathering. They cry at night, you know.
Kay: Mind your own business, Simone.
Simone: Whatever you say. Don't be surprised when you find out that
Chad and I beat you to the love square.
Kay: Hey!
Whitney: Ah!
Theresa: Oh! [Whitney laughs]
Whitney: I have no idea where I am, much less where the center of this
thing is.
Theresa: Me, neither. But I hope you and Chad get there first.
Whitney: Oh, come on. I know that you and Ethan want to make it to the
center first.
Theresa: We don't need to win. We already know that we're going to be
together forever.
Whitney: Well -- oh, my gosh -- wouldn't it be great if we both made it
to the love square at the exact same time?
Chad: Whitney, is that you? [Whitney screams]
Whitney: We're over here, Chad!
Ethan: Whitney, we'll need better directions than that.
Theresa: Hey, it's Ethan. It sounds like our guys are together.
Chad: Man, you rich people got a weird way of entertaining yourselves,
boy.
Ethan: Hey, hey, I'm not rich anymore. And I told you -- I mean, this
was here before the cranes even settled on this property. I don't even
know who built this.
Chad: Oh, I do. Somebody with a very sick mind.
Theresa: I feel so much better now that I know that Ethan's focus is on
the person who actually sent the e-mail to the tabloid. Once he finds out
who that person is, he won't be so mad at me when I tell him that I knew
about his mother and Sam Bennett before he did. I'm finally out of the
woods.
Whitney: Maybe, Theresa, but you sure aren't out of the bushes.
Theresa: Huh. Ok.Rebecca: Oh, Gwen.
Julian: Enjoying yourself, dear?
Gwen: Not terribly. May I have a word with you, please?
Rebecca: Oh -- yeah. I'll just be a minute, ok? This isn't going to
take long, is it, because Julian and I were in the middle of something. Am
I missing something?
Gwen: No, I am. Where's the story exposing Theresa as Ethan's
whistleblower? You promised me you'd make it look as though Theresa was
the person who sent the damning e-mail to the tabloid exposing his
paternity.
Rebecca: All in good time.
Gwen: I can't wait any longer. Theresa stole Ethan from me the night
before we were supposed to be married. I think it's time Theresa knows how
it feels to lose the man she loves.
Mort: So, what do you say, boss? Can I run with the story or not?
Man: Well, it is true our readers have an insatiable appetite for
anything to do with the cranes, but I’m not sure that this story will sell
newspapers. People already know that Ethan's been 86'd from the family.
Mort: A couple days ago I would've agreed with you. And, in fact,
that's what I told Ethan. But, you know, I’ve been thinking about it, and
my gut tells me the public will lap this up. The only thing juicier than a
rags-to-riches story is its opposite -- the downfall of somebody rich and
famous. And, believe me, inquiring minds want to know the name of the dirt
bag who sold out the young heir to the family fortune. And I'm going to
give it to them.
Man: You may be right.
Mort: Look, boss, I know that this is a hot story because Ethan himself
would pay good money to find out the name of the person who did him dirty.
Just pity the poor schmo who turned him in. Because when Ethan gets a hold
of him -- or her -- it ain't going to be pretty.
Man: Who cares as long as it sells papers for us.
Mort: So then I have your ok?
Man: Go for it.
Mort: Great.
Luis: Can I get two champagnes, please? Ah. Thank you, sir.
Hank: There he is, the man of the hour himself.
Luis: Hank. I'm so glad you could make it, man.
Hank: Oh, like I’d miss my best buddy's engagement party. Just help me
understand one thing, though.
Luis: Yeah?
Hank: Since when did Sheridan's brother and father become such big fans
of yours to throw you a bash like this to welcome you to the family? No
offence, amigo, but isn't something a little rotten here in Harmony?
Luis: Yeah. You got that right. That's exactly what I want to know.
Sheridan: I wonder who Luis is talking to. Never seen that woman
before.
Julian: But you will be seeing her again, sister dear. I wonder what's
keeping Rebecca. [Telephone rings]
Julian: Hello, father.
Alistair: Well? I'm waiting.
Julian: Everything's going according to plan. It won't be long now
before Sheridan discovers the man she intends to marry in flagrante with
another.
Alistair: The night of her engagement party, no less.
Julian: Should put a bit of a damper on their wedding plans, don't you
think?
Alistair: I most certainly do, Julian. [Alistair laughs]
Alistair: I most certainly do.Timmy: Timmy still doesn't understand what's so special about that
maze.
Tabitha: Sometimes I think your brain's made of stuffing. Never mind,
Timmy. It's just a joke. The maze was created in order to concentrate an
enormous amount of negative energy in one place. And it's absolutely
crackerjack at destroying even the happiest couples. Now, if we're lucky,
charity and Miguel will wander in there. And I promise you, once they
emerge, the odds of their ever making love are nil.
Timmy: Then Tabitha and Timmy would be saved from Charity's forces of
good.
Tabitha: You're paying attention, Timmy. Think of it this way -- lovers
check into the maze but they don't check out. [Tabitha chuckles]
Charity: If I don't go inside the maze, maybe my premonition won't come
true.
Miguel: Charity? Charity, where are you?
Charity: I'm still outside, Miguel!
Miguel: What are you waiting for? It's fun in here.
Hank: So how do you explain big brother and big daddy's sudden
turnaround? Before tonight, I got the distinct impression that they'd
rather die than let you marry Sheridan.
Luis: Yeah, well, get this -- they claim it's because they discovered
family values after they lost their precious Ethan.
Hank: And you buy that?
Luis: Not at all. But Sheridan does. Hank, you should've seen her face
when she heard her father say that he loved her. Ever since her mother
died when she was a little girl, she's been desperate for his attention.
Hank: That's why you've gone along with this whole charade.
Luis: It's the least I can do for the woman I love. Deedee: Come on,
baby. You told me that spoiled little debutante had nothing compared to
me, remember? So prove it to me, big boy. Come to me. Forget little miss
moneybags because I've got everything you've ever needed.
Sheridan: I thought that was a wrong number. Is it possible that Luis
-- no. I'm sure Luis can explain.
Julian: I wish you could be here, father. Sheridan's about to confront
Luis about his other woman. It's all synchronized like a fine Swiss
timepiece.
Alistair: With your track record, I'd hardly be so smug. You better
hope this succeeds in permanently parting Sheridan from Luis. If not, it's
back to plan A.
Julian: It's not going to come to that. I'm not going to have to murder
my own sister.
Simone: I know you're in here, Chad! Why can't I find you? I'm warning
you, Whitney. He's mine! Leave him alone, or you will be sorry.
Charity: What's going on? Why am I having these horrible visions?
Kay: Hey, where are you going?
Simone: Look, Kay, you're on your own. I'm trying to make it to the
love square first myself. [Kay laughs]
Simone: Yeah. If Chad and I beat the rest of you, then maybe you guys
will start taking our relationship a little bit more seriously. I mean, I
don't know why you guys don't, but I'm going to fix that tonight.
Kay: I think Whitney may have a little bit to say about that.
Simone: What? What did you just say about Whitney?
Kay: Simone, I'm only suggesting that you may have bigger problems with
Chad than who beats who to the love square. I mean, I think Whitney may
want him just as much as you do.
Simone: No. We straightened that all out. She knows that Chad is my
boyfriend.
Kay: Whatever you need to tell yourself.
Chad: Hey, yo, Ethan. Help me out here, man. What do you think is the
best way to tell Simone that I like her just as a friend?
Ethan: Yeah, that's pretty tough. I mean, any way you say it, she's
going to be hurt.
Chad: Yeah, I know, man. I hate that. I mean, she's a good kid, you
know?
Ethan: Mm-hmm.
Chad: But you also know that Whitney's the one I'm crazy about. I mean,
how do you think Simone's going to take it if me and Whitney wind up in
the love square first?
Ethan: Well, you know, Chad, that's one thing you don't have to worry
about because Theresa and I are going to get there before you even get
close.
Chad: Says you, chump!
Whitney: Oh. I think that we've been here before.
Theresa: Well, that's because everything looks the same. It'll be a
miracle if any of us ever make it to the love square.
Whitney: Yeah, I guess you're right.
Theresa: So when are you going to break the news to your sister about
you and Chad?
Whitney: Oh, I don't know. Probably the same time you tell Ethan that
you knew about his paternity before it came out in the tabloid.
Theresa: You are not going to start in on me about that again --
Whitney: Yeah. Yeah, I am, until you come clean. You know that it's the
right thing to do.
Theresa: Stop worrying. Once Ethan finds out who sent the e-mail to the
paper, I will be in the clear. There's no way anything could ever come
between us. You'll see. Come on. [Whitney sighs]
Gwen: It's so easy for you to be patient, mother. You have Julian right
where you want him. I have to watch Theresa climbing all over Ethan every
time I turn around.
Rebecca: Then don't look. Look, just do what you have to so you don't
lose control. Look, I'm sure that the tabloid is working overtime trying
to find out who sent that e-mail.
Gwen: Great. And if they are, they'll blame us.
Rebecca: No. That is the beauty of it. They will blame the person who
owns the computer that sent the e-mail -- namely Theresa. And, ideally,
Ethan will get all this information from the tabloid. But if he doesn't,
then you will let him know this information on the day when it will do the
most damage -- Theresa's wedding day. But right now the most important
thing we can do is be patient so that nobody suspects that we're the ones
that sent the e-mail. Now, Gwen -- Gwen, you gave me your word.
Gwen: Ok, I'll try. But that's all I can do.
Rebecca: We'll talk later. Julian needs me.
Man: You do realize there are strict confidentiality laws in place.
E-mail address or no, it won't be that easy to match it up with a name.
Mort: Oh, I got my ways, boss. All I got to do is make a couple phone
calls to my contacts at the internet providers, and it's done. It -- oh.
Damn, they've all left for the day. Well, it'll wait till morning.
Man: Not necessarily. You may get lucky tonight.
Mort: Well, what do you know? It's monkey suit time again. Sheridan
crane's engagement party, and this time everyone's invited.
Man: You shouldn't have half so much trouble getting past security.
Mort: I've still got my tux hanging in the office.
Man: Get moving.
Mort: Get out your earplugs, boss, because that explosion you hear will
be the sound of Ethan losing it when he finds out who sold him out.[Tabitha sighs]
Timmy: What's wrong? Timmy thought his princess was happy.
Tabitha: Oh, I would be if I could get out of here. But it's so
frustrating to be stuck down here while the mist is making its magic
above. If only that stone hadn't closed, cutting off our exit.
Timmy: Timmy still can't believe there isn't another way out.
Tabitha: Ah. You're wasting your time, doll face. I distinctly remember
Hecuba's original design plans for this place. She wanted to be sure that
her lair was completely inaccessible to any potential trespassers. Ha! As
if anyone would find there way down here, hundreds of feet underground.
Oh, I'd give anything to be up at that party tonight, watching the mist
take effect. I wonder who it's playing havoc with right now at this very
moment.
Sheridan: I could've sworn Luis and that woman were right out here.
Fake Luis: Let me explain --
Deedee: I don't want to hear it. I'm tired of you ignoring me.
Fake Luis: I'm not.
Deedee: You don't even answer your own cell phone anymore. I thought
that was our private number!
Sheridan: That voice -- it sounds just like the woman on Luis' phone.
But he said he had no idea who she was or what the call was about. Why
would he lie to me?
Hank: Maybe we're being too cynical. Maybe Sheridan's brother and
father have had a change of heart.
Luis: Not a chance. Just a little while ago, I caught them in the
middle of a phone conversation. Julian and Alistair were congratulating
each other about how I had no idea about what was going on.
Hank: Talk about being caught in the act.
Luis: Right. So my hunch is they're just being nice to me so they can
get on my good side and I'll forget about investigating my father's
disappearance.
Hank: They obviously don't know you very well, do they?
Luis: No. They don't know me very well at all. Because I am going to
marry Sheridan, I am going to find out what those bastards did to my old
man. If I find out that Julian and Alistair did have something to do with
my father's disappearance, I’m going to make them pay -- in-laws or not.
Hank: I believe you. Hey, listen. I'm going to go mingle. Tell Sheridan
that I’m sorry for, you know, stealing you away for so long.
Luis: Yeah, well, I got to find her first. You have a good time
tonight. Maybe there's a woman here for you.
Hank: From your lips, man.
Luis: All right.
Rebecca: I'm sorry, Julian. Gwen really needed me. What did I miss?
Julian: Only Sheridan catching sight of her lover outside with our
hired floozie. She's gone to investigate.
Rebecca: Hmm. Such a short engagement. I hope she enjoyed it while it
		lasted.Charity: I wonder where this is coming from. It wasn't foggy before.
[Charity's Premonition]Ethan: Get away from me, Theresa. I never want to see you again.
Theresa: No -- Ethan, no!
Charity: Ethan and Theresa are madly in love. What would they possibly
have to fight about?
Mort: You were right, boss. Crane security is lax tonight. Nobody even
checked my I.D. When I came through the gate.
Man: Good. You remembered to bring a copy of the original e-mail,
didn't you?
Mort: Oh, yeah. Wouldn't leave home without it. Now all I got to do is
check around, see if anybody recognizes the return address. With any luck,
we'll know whose computer tipped us off about Ethan's paternity by the end
of the night. And I can't wait to see the informer's face when I tell them
they've been outed.Theresa: You again?
Whitney: Well, I was kind of hoping that you were Chad.
Theresa: Well, to be honest, I was hoping that you were Ethan, too.
Chad: Hey, Whitney, you ok?
Whitney: I'm fine, Chad!
Simone: Me, too, Chad! Do you have any idea where you are?
Chad: Uh -- not a clue.
Whitney: Ooh! All this mist is really weird, isn't it?
Theresa: Yeah, no kidding. It just, like, came up so suddenly. It's
giving me the creeps.
Whitney: Are you sure it's not Gwen and Rebecca Hotchkiss that are
giving you the creeps?
Theresa: Don't start, whit.
Whitney: Well, I can't help it, Theresa. I wouldn't be your best friend
if I didn't give you a hard time. I mean, what if they did find out that
you knew that Ethan was Sam Bennett’s son and didn't tell him?
Theresa: Well, they couldn't have. I mean, it just doesn't make any
sense. If they had any idea, they would've gone running to Ethan out of
spite. No, they're just -- they're just bluffing, that's all. Now, I may
not have all the answers, but I do know one thing for sure -- that Ethan
and I are going to be together and happy for the rest of our lives.
Gwen: Where'd they go? The lying tramp has probably lured Ethan to some
romantic spot so she can try and seduce him again. Well, give it your best
shot, missy. Enjoy it now while you have it because once he finds out that
you're the one who sold him out to the tabloid, he's going to send you
packing. And no one is going to enjoy watching you being tossed out on
your behind more than me, miss Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald.
Hank: You wouldn't be threatening my best friend's little sister, would
you?
Tabitha: What a cruel twist of fate. We set all the fun in motion
upstairs, and now we're going to miss the whole show.
Timmy: Oh, Timmy knows how his princess feels. Last week Timmy missed
"Buffy," and he doesn't know when they'll show the rerun.
Tabitha: On the other hand, if Miguel and charity are ripped apart,
maybe the forces of darkness will recognize my efforts and give me enough
of my powers back so we can escape this bloody lair.
Timmy: Maybe Timmy and tabby won't have to wait that long.
Tabitha: What are you on about? Where the dickens did you get those?
Timmy: Over there in that box. Timmy is going to use this magic wand to
get him and his princess back to the party.
Tabitha: You most certainly are not. You don't know the first thing
about magic. In the wrong hands, things can go terribly awry. You have no
idea about the potency of that wand, Timmy.
Timmy: Do, too. Timmy's seen his princess and Hecuba cast thousands of
spells. It's easy.
Tabitha: Oh. Well, thank you, mini-Merlin. You've just dismissed my
entire professional career.
Timmy: Timmy didn't mean to put down his princess. He just wants to get
out of this place. And tabby did say she wants to go back to the party.
Julian: You know, I just realized that I haven't seen Tabitha and her
little sidekick since they first arrived.
Rebecca: Julian, her "sidekick" is a doll. And you got to stop carrying
on about her. She is just a harmless village eccentric.
Julian: You're a smart woman, Rebecca, but in this case you're wrong.
Timmy: Watch this, princess.
Tabitha: Ow.
Timmy: Timmy's going to cast a spell.
Tabitha: You'll do no such thing, Timmy!
Timmy: "Timmy and tabby are stuck in a lair, they want to go to the
party, but --" "but --" it needs to rhyme, doesn't it?
Tabitha: I'm warning you, Timmy.
Timmy: "Get them out of here before they run out of air."
Tabitha: Oh, that makes absolutely no sense at all. The cadence is
completely off. It won't accomplish a thing.
Julian: What --
Timmy: It's Mr. Crane.
Julian: Oh, my God. Where am I? What have you two degenerates done to
me?
Tabitha: Now, just calm down. No need to get yourself in a lather.
Julian: Well, the hell there isn't!
Tabitha: Will you get rid of him, Timmy?
Timmy: But Timmy's not sure he knows how.
Julian: Now I have proof he's alive. You're coming with me, young
fellow!
Timmy: Oh, no! Timmy needs to take back his spell!
Julian: Come, you little sprat!
Timmy: "Hocus-pocus! Mumbo-jumbo! Frogs and lizards --" um -- um -- um
-- um -- um -- oh, no! Timmy can't think of a thing! Get Julian out of
here! Whoo! Did you see that, princess? Timmy must be a great wizard.
Rebecca: Julian, you are scaring me. You've got to stop this unhealthy
obsession with Tabitha Lenox and her doll. Besides, it's a huge waste of
time and energy, especially now.
Julian: How can you say that to me after what just happened?
Rebecca: What are you talking about?
Julian: They kidnapped me! I've just returned from an involuntary round
trip to some sort of lair beneath the earth.
Rebecca: "Lair"? "Kidnapping"? Don't tell me -- this is about Tabitha.
Julian: That's who was behind it. She and her damn Timmy doll. I
believe he is the one who sent for me. He had on this most
ridiculous-looking wizard cap.
Rebecca: Oh. You poor dear. You are on overload, aren't you? I'm going
to cut you off right now.
Julian: It has nothing to do with drinking or being tired or anything
else! It's the God's honest truth! I'm trying to tell you -- those two are
dangerous.
Rebecca: Of course they are. Look, why don't I take you to the library
so you can just sit down and rest a minute, all right? I'll take care of
the whole Luis and Sheridan thing on my own. Come on.
Julian: Ahem.
Rebecca: Oh, damn it, we're too late. Just try and act normal, ok? Here
comes the real Luis.
Julian: Ahem.
Luis: I'm looking for Sheridan. Have either of you seen her?
Julian: Oh, I'm afraid we can't help you.
Rebecca: Maybe she went upstairs to powder her nose.
Luis: Maybe.
Julian: Not one word, Rebecca. Not one word.
Rebecca: Oh!
Woman: Oh -- oh, oh, oh. Luis. Congratulations.
Luis: Hey, Sharon. Wow. You look great in that purple dress.
Sharon: Thank you.
Luis: So, where's the big guy tonight?
Sharon: Oh, Harry's on duty at the station, so I’m here for the both of
us. Where's your beautiful bride-to-be?
Luis: That's a good question. I'm actually looking for her right now.
Sharon: She's a lucky woman. And, Luis, I’ve got to tell you, I've
never seen you look happier.
Luis: Well, there's a reason for that. I found the love of my life. For
some strange reason, she loves me, too.Sheridan: Luis? What's going on? I need to talk to you. Maybe he and
that woman went back inside. I've got to find out why he lied to me.Tabitha: I warned you to put that wand down before you did any damage.
Timmy: Timmy didn't do any damage. Timmy made magic. If Timmy was able
to beam Julian down here, then he should definitely be able to beam him
and his princess back up to the party.
Tabitha: This isn't an episode of "star trek," you know. You're out of
your league. And you're lucky that your antics didn't get us into any more
trouble than they did. Now, put that wand down this instant. I'm the one
who's going to get us out of here.
Timmy: Hold on a second, tabby. Let Timmy try one more thing. "Hecuba's
lair is as nice as a house, but tabby needs to get out of here as quick as
a mouse."
Tabitha: Eek! Now look what you've done, Timmy! I'll never be able to
view the chaos upstairs!
Timmy: Princess?
Miguel: Charity! Thank God. I was afraid I’d never find you.
Charity: I know. I feel like Alice when she fell down the rabbit hole.
And the mist is making it really hard to see.
Miguel: I was worried about you.
Charity: Oh. I'm ok. I just wish the game was over. I'm really not
having fun.
Miguel: Me, neither, without you. Did something happen to upset you?
Charity: I've just been having these premonitions again.
Miguel: Well, you told me about the one where you saw chief Bennett and
Ivy Crane kissing and then Mrs. Bennett saw them, but --
Charity: I know.
Miguel: That's not --
Charity: These are different. And it's not that I really believe that
they're going to happen. I mean -- I had one vision of Whitney and Simone,
and they were fighting over Chad. And then I saw Ethan, and he was furious
with your sister.
Miguel: I wonder where that could've come from.
Charity: I don't know. And -- that's not even the most disturbing one
of all of them.
Miguel: What else did you see?
Charity: You know what? I feel stupid even talking about it, so --
Miguel: Come on. I want to hear it.
Charity: Ok. I had a premonition of you, and you were --
Simone: You've been having premonitions again, charity?
Kay: What about?
Miguel: Charity was just about to tell me. Tell us what you saw.
Theresa: Ethan! Ethan, hurry up! I think I found it! I think I found
the love square! Over here! Come here, quick!
Whitney: Hey, Chad -- follow the sound of Theresa's voice, and I'll
meet you there.
Chad: All right. You got a date!
Theresa: No fair, you guys.
Whitney: Oh. I hope this doesn't mean we're destined to be together for
the rest of our lives.
Theresa: Ah -- [Whitney and Theresa scream]
Theresa: We win! We win!
Whitney: No, no, no!
Chad: What'd you say? No, no, no. I don't think so. You're looking at
the champion super couple right here.
Whitney: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Chad: We're the ones who won.
Ethan: Um, actually, you're wrong.
Theresa: What is that supposed to mean?
Ethan: Well, I hate to burst your bubble, but it doesn't matter who got
here first. This isn't the love square.
Chad: What? What are you talking about, man?
Whitney: Oh, man. Well, where is it?
Ethan: Well, I don't know. I mean, I don't have a clue on how to get
there from here. But I know you'll know what it looks like when you find
it because there's, like, a distinctive-looking bench right smack in the
middle of the love square.
Theresa: Ah, which Ethan and I will be sitting on when you two
slowpokes get there!
Chad: Hey, you going to let her get away with that?
Whitney: No, no, no. That's ok, that's ok. Because I'm not really
worried about them because I know we'll make it there first, honey.
Chad: That's right.
Theresa: Well, you know what? I don't care who wins because everything
is so perfect right now. I've got the best feeling that the four of us are
always going to be as happy as we are this very minute.
Hank: I know you were hurt when Ethan decided to marry Theresa instead
of you.
Gwen: "Hurt" isn't the word.
Hank: I've been there before. I had pretty high hopes for Sheridan and
me before my best friend decided to move in on me.
Gwen: Yeah, it's a completely different situation.
Hank: I'm just saying I've got a pretty good idea how you must feel, so
I'm going to give you a bit of friendly advice.
Gwen: Oh, thanks, but we're hardly friends.
Hank: Do yourself a favor and listen up anyhow. I've known Luis all my
life. He's very protective of his little sister.
Gwen: And what does that have to do with me?
Hank: Plenty. Don't get any ideas about giving Theresa a hard time. You
don't want Luis on your bad side. Besides, what's the point? You're a
beautiful woman. You can have any guy you want. Forget Ethan. Move on with
your life.
Gwen: The nerve of him threatening me, as if I should be afraid of
Theresa's brother? He should be afraid of me! Hey, watch where you're
going. Hey -- hey, hey -- wait a minute. I -- do I -- I know you?
Mort: I don't think so --
Gwen: Oh, no. You're the tabloid reporter who broke the story about
Ethan and Sam Bennett.
Mort: Well, you got it. Look, I'm sure you're not my biggest fan, but
do me a favor and don't rat me out to anybody tonight, ok?
Gwen: Oh, no, no. On the contrary, I am very happy that you're here.
Julian: Take the mask off. Someone sees you and the real Luis in the
same room, it'll ruin everything.
Julian: Yes, that's good. Can't afford to blow it when we're doing so
well thus far. Deedee: Well, then you're pleased with my acting job, Mr.
Crane?
Julian: Oh, extremely, my dear. I'm sure my sister thought that she was
witnessing a lovers' spat between Luis and some girlfriend he neglected to
tell her about.
Rebecca: Let's hope so.
Julian: We'll know for sure when Sheridan catches up with Luis. Come,
my dear. Let's go find a good spot for which to view the fireworks.
Luis: Sheridan, there you are. I have been looking all over for you.
Sheridan: Luis, why are you lying to me? I saw you talking to that
woman.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 5/29/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 5/29/01






Proofread by
 Elissia
Timmy: "Trixie and Dixie, mighty and Stuart, Tabby's no mouse, so
Timmy's spell -- undo it!" Undo it! Oh, it's no use. No matter how many
spells Timmy tries, Tabby's still cat food.
Tabby: Eek! This is all your fault, Timmy. I told you not to play with
Hecuba's magic wand, but, as usual, you didn't listen. Now we'll never
escape her lair under the Crane mansion.
Timmy: Timmy's sorry.
Tabby: Sorry, schmorry. I could nibble your nose off for this, you
half-wit Houdini. That beautiful fog is wafting around the Crane estate
even as I squeak. Fog that Hecuba and I used to wreak havoc on the lives
of happy couples. That mischievous mist is messing with people's minds,
and I can't even enjoy it!
Timmy: Tabby enjoys food. How about a bite to eat?
Tabitha: Now that you mention it, I am quite hungry. Think there's a
bit of cheddar or brie around?
Timmy: Timmy will look.
Tabitha: Wait! Wait! I don't give a rat's tail about cheese.
Timmy: Tabby shouldn't diss her cousins like that.
Tabitha: Diss my -- change me back, Timmy. Change me back this instant!
I have to know who that fog is affecting. Hopefully, it's working to tear
Charity and Miguel apart.
Simone: This fog is getting thicker. Between it and this crazy maze, no
wonder why we all keep bumping into each other.
Miguel: I’m glad I ran into you, Charity. I mean, if you're having
premonitions, then maybe we should give up trying to get to the middle of
this maze. You know, we don't have to get to the love square to know that
we're going to be together forever. Right? Charity, what is it?
Kay: Yeah, Charity, you definitely look upset. Is it because of your
premonitions?
Charity: You know what? Let's just get back to the game, all right?
Kay: After you tell us what you saw in the future, sure.
Ethan: Fair warning, losers, because Theresa and I will find the love
square first.
Chad: Oh, I don't know, man. I mean, me and Whitney just might surprise
you.
Whitney: That's exactly right.
Chad: I'll be honest, though. I wish we could work through this crazy
maze together.
Ethan: Hey, well, that's the beauty of the game -- that you do it
separately in hopes of ending up at the love square together. But, you
know, it really doesn't matter what they do because you and I will win
hands down.
Chad: Oh, you want to bet?
Theresa: Ok.
Whitney: It's ok, ok.
Theresa: All right. No, all joking aside. I’m serious. You know, I want
you and Chad to win.
Chad: Oh, well, thank you very much, Theresa.
Whitney: Oh.
Ethan: Theresa, you turncoat, you! [Whitney squeals]
Theresa: You know, Whitney and Chad are just starting out, and we're
about to be married. So even if we don't win, we'll still be together
forever. Besides, I know nothing and no one will ever come between us.
Mort: So you don't hate me for running the story that Ethan's the son
of a cop, not a Crane?
Gwen: No, no. In fact, I’m really glad to see you.
Mort: Really? My own mother locks the door when she sees me coming.
Gwen: I’m sorry.
Mort: Thanks. Say, wait a minute. You being nice to me -- that's not
some kind of trick, is it?
Gwen: Why would you think that?
Mort: Well, I pretty much nuked Ethan's life with that story. I know
you stayed friends with the guy, even though he dumped you for Theresa
Lopez Fitzgerald. Sorry. I didn't mean to open up old wounds.
Gwen: So, what are you doing here?
Mort: I’m doing a follow-up story on who e-mailed the bomb to my paper
that Ethan is the bastard son of Harmony's police chief.
Gwen: You know who sent the e-mail?
Mort: Not yet. But I’m calling my internet contacts tomorrow. I just
came by to ask people who they think might've torpedoed Ethan.
Gwen: Oh, I see.
Mort: Hmm. What about you, Miss Hotchkiss? Who do you think did the
deed?
Gwen: I didn't get a wink of sleep last night.
Rebecca: Well, why on earth not? I would think the taco queen would be
the one tossing and turning after you paid her a visit.
Gwen: Well, she was pretty rattled. She couldn't quite figure out how I
knew she was keeping a secret from Ethan. Oh, it was all I could do not to
just nail her to the wall right then and there.
Rebecca: Well, thank goodness you held back or she might've realized
that we're the ones that sent that e-mail about Ethan and Sam Bennett to
the tabloid.
Gwen: You did that, not me.
Rebecca: And you're going to thank me for it when you wind up with
Ethan.
Mort: Miss Hotchkiss? Is there a name that goes with that smile?Timmy: "Mice are nice, but Tabby's a witch, so, wand, work your magic
and do the switch!"
Tabitha: Rats! I’m still a rodent. When will you learn that tools of
the supernatural are not play toys, Timmy? First you conjured Julian Crane
down here, then you turn me into a mouse!
Timmy: Mistakes happen. Just like when you got us locked up here in
this place.
Tabitha: Fine. So we both made mistakes. Question is how to undo them.
I want to know if those kids went into the maze Hecuba created centuries
ago. The negative energy and evil that are focused there cause even the
happiest couples to have problems -- insurmountable problems that split
them apart for good.
Timmy: Why doesn't Tabby just spread the bubonic plague while she's at
it?
Tabitha: Can the wisecracks, Timmy, and change me back into a witch so
I can find a way to see what's going on above us. Or should I say see
whose love is going down in flames. Eek!
Timmy: Tabby?
Kay: Charity, tell us what you saw in your premonition.
Miguel: Charity --
Charity: Look, it's stupid. It's -- it's just stupid, ok?
Miguel: Come on. Why don't you come sit down with me on that bench over
there?
Charity: Ok.
Miguel: You probably just need to rest for a minute.
Simone: I wonder what Charity saw in her premonition.
Kay: I bet she saw me and Miguel together. That's why cousin
clairvoyant won't admit it. She's afraid it's true. And it will be --
soon.
Simone: Not that again.
Kay: Simone, seriously, Miguel will be mine soon.
Simone: If I had a nickel for every time that you've said --
Kay: It's not just me talking this time. I mean, if Charity's seeing it
happen, it's got to come true.
Simone: Kay, you can try for the zillionth time to get Miguel, you
could try to make it to the love square first, but you're going to have to
beat me and Chad.
Kay: Whatever, Simone.
Simone: Don't "whatever" me. It's time that people start taking me and
Chad seriously. We're going to prove to everybody that we're going to be
the couple that's going to stay together forever.
Chad: You know, I still feel guilty we ain't told Simone about us yet.
Whitney: Well, trust me, I feel guilty, too, Chad. But we cannot tell
her tonight, not with everybody at Sheridan and Luis' engagement party.
She's going to be completely embarrassed, hurt and humiliated, and angry
-- do not forget about angry.
Chad: Oh, I know, I know. I know what hearing the truth is going to do
to her. But, at the same time, I think we have to. So tomorrow, first
thing, we're going to come clean with her.
Whitney: Yeah, I know. First thing.
Chad: Ok.
Theresa: Well, now that that's settled, let's just concentrate on
tonight, on all four of us happy and in love.
Ethan: Works for me.
Chad: Yeah. Me, too.
Theresa: You know, I wonder if anyone's ever been happier than the four
of us are right now.
Chad: Yo, Theresa, you might just want to, you know, tone it down a
little bit.
Theresa: Tone what down?
Chad: Well, no, I’m just saying. You know, all this happy talk. You
know, you don't want to be tempting fate by, you know, always talking
about how good things are because -- you know, I don't know -- fate might
throw you a curveball.
Theresa: But that's ridiculous, Chad. I mean, fate's what brought us
all together in the first place. And even if it did throw me a curveball,
well, it couldn't take away my happiness. I know I’ll always have Ethan --

Ethan: Mm-hmm.
Theresa: No matter what.
Mort: So, Miss Hotchkiss, any idea who might've sent the e-mail that
ruined Ethan's life?
Gwen: Are you asking me to name names?
Mort: Yeah. You know, a list of suspects would be great. Sort of a
high-tech whodunit.
Gwen: Ok. But as far as I’m concerned, there's only one person who
could've sent that e-mail, and it's the person that you would never
suspect.
Mort: Who?
Gwen: Ok, brace yourself. The name I’m about to give you is going to
cause an even bigger scandal than Ethan not
Jessica: Reese --
Reese: What?
Jessica: Stop and listen to me.
Reese: What?
Jessica: You have got to stop trying to prove that Tabitha's a witch.
Reese: I can't, jess. I know Tabitha's a member of the cauldron club. I
just have to prove it.
Jessica: How?
Reese: Well, I’m going to catch her doing something -- witchy.
Jessica: "Something witchy"? Reese, we've been all over the estate, and
we haven't spotted her since last time we saw her in Mrs. Crane's bedroom.

Reese: Yeah, and how witchy was that?
Jessica: I can't believe that you thought her necklace was glowing and
floating.
Reese: Aha! I got you. Well, I saw it, jess. That darn vial is no
ordinary piece of jewelry. It's witch wear, being worn by a witch.
Reese: Yeah, and Tabitha's doll's alive.
Reese: You saw him, too?
Jessica: Oh, come on, Reese! Can we please just forget about Tabitha
and go back into the party? She's probably gone home by now.
Reese: Oh, no. Witches don't just leave on their own. They have to be
burned out. I bet she's around here right now, trying to cause trouble.
Jessica: No, you're the one causing trouble.
Reese: Well -- that's what they said about Copernicus and Galileo.
Well, I’m going to find Tabitha and prove she's a witch if it's the last
thing I do.
Jessica: Reese!
Reese: Mark my words, Jessica. There's something weird about that old
lady and her creepy little doll, too.
Timmy: Tabby. Ugh. Timmy hopes cheese is the next blue light special.
Timmy's run out of spells.
Tabitha: Eek! You can't leave me a mouse, Timmy. Who'll protect you if
fluffy eats me?
Timmy: Oh, no! What's Timmy going to do?
Tabitha: Think, Timmy, think! Use the pea brain I gave you. Eek!
Timmy: That's it! "Three blind mice, see how they run, bring Tabby back
to Timmy so they can have more fun."
Tabitha: Eek! Oh, I feel enormous. Oh, Timmy! Timmy, you did it! You
did it.
Timmy: Doesn't he always?
Tabitha: Oh, we haven't got time to open that can of worms now. I have
to see what havoc is being wreaked up on the Crane estate.
Ethan: Theresa?
Chad: Now, do I look like Theresa to you, man?
Ethan: Chad.
Theresa: Over here, honey.
Whitney: Where is everyone?
Miguel: Sounds like they're having a great time.
Charity: Miguel, I’m really sorry I’m keeping you from playing the
game.
Miguel: No, don't feel guilty, Charity. All right? It's not your fault
that you have premonitions sometimes. And, besides, I love being with you.
I just want to make sure you feel ok.
Charity: I’m fine. Everything is all right. Ok, then. Let's get a move
on. We want to be the first to get to the love square and win the game,
right?
Charity: Right.
Miguel: Charity's feeling better, so we're back in the game. And we're
going to win this thing. Right?
Charity: Right.
Kay: Charity's going to lose and more than just this game, Simone.
She's going to lose Miguel because I’m going to make it to the love square
with him first. And then Miguel will be mine.Mort: Tell me who you think sent the e-mail. If it checks out with the
internet provider, my paper will expose them to people in grocery lines
all over the world. Ethan will know who hurt him, who destroyed his life.
And then he can pay them back like he's been chomping at the bit to do.
Gwen: Ok. I'll tell you who I think sent the e-mail. But, like I said,
it's the last person you would suspect.
Mort: Not Ethan's mother?
[Gwen Daydreaming]Gwen: No. Ethan's bride-to-be, Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald. Mm-hmm.
Tabitha: This was Hecuba's home base till we had our falling out and I
banished her to live in that cave down by the old mineshaft for 300 years.

Timmy: Which means?
Tabitha: There has to be another way out of here. I just can't remember
where it is.
Timmy: Think, Tabby, think. Timmy doesn't want to be stuck down here
forever. He can't live without his martimmys or must-see TV.
Tabitha: Oh, well, look on the bright side, lad -- maybe there'll be an
earthquake and enough stones will fall out of the wall so we can get out
of here.
Timmy: But what if the earthquake causes the lair to fall in on Timmy
and Tabby?
Tabitha: Oh, thanks for bringing that up. My downer doll strikes again.

Timmy: Timmy's only trying to help.
Tabitha: Oh, yes, I know, Timmy. You're trying. I just wish that if we
have to be stuck down here, we could at least watch what the fog is doing
to those hapless mortals in the maze. Oh, that malevolent mist casts a
spell that rocks people's worlds, Timmy.
Timmy: Timmy bets Tabby had fun with Hecuba, messing with people from
down here.
Tabitha: Oh, yes, lad. Those were the days. Wreaking havoc while
lounging by the pool. The pool. That's it, Timmy -- the pool!
Timmy: What about it?
Tabitha: The pool was once Hecuba's window to the world above.
Timmy: Like the mirror in the cave.
Tabitha: Yes, exactly. And here have I been, lamenting the fact that I
can't see what's doing on terra firma, and all I have to do is get this
pool up and running. Question is, how?
Timmy: Well, maybe Timmy could cast a spell with the magic wand.
Tabitha: Oh. No, you've caused enough trouble with that already. Ah --
aha.
Timmy: What is it?
Tabitha: Clarifying dust. Ooh. Watch this, Timmy.
Tabitha: Oh! That wretched Ross is still looking for me.
Timmy: His name is Reese, Tabby. Reese.
Tabitha: Oh, whatever. Look, Timmy, you see? The fog is getting thicker
on the grounds of the Crane estate.
Timmy: So?
Tabitha: So I know how I’m going to stop that meddling Ross prove that
I’m a witch. I’m going to give him such a fright that he'll never bother
me again.
Timmy: Tabby's not going to sic fluffy on Reese, is she?
Tabitha: Well, something like that. Oh, I’m planning something so
deliciously devious that Ross' life will never be the same again! That's
if he lives through it once I’m finished with him.

[Gwen Daydreaming]Mort: Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald? She e-mailed my paper?
Gwen: Check it out, see for yourself.
Mort: Why would Ethan's fiancée do something guaranteed to ruin his
life? Doesn't she love him?
Gwen: I don't know, but here they come. Why don't you ask her?
Mort: Oh.
Ethan: Gwen. Hi. Theresa and I are having a great time back in the
maze.
Theresa: We must've taken a wrong turn, gotten out by mistake.
Ethan: You want to go back?
Theresa: Sure.
Ethan: Let's go back.
Theresa: Ok.
Ethan: Gwen, do you want to come?
Gwen: I’d love to, but I’m busy.
Ethan: What the hell are you doing here?
Mort: What can I say? I’ve got a thing for crashing Crane parties.
Ethan: I'll have you thrown out of here.
Mort: Uh-uh-uh. You can't give orders to Crane security. You're not a
Crane anymore.
Ethan: Yeah, that's right. Guess I'll just have to give you the boot
myself.
Gwen: No, wait. Ethan -- this reporter came to tell you who sent the
e-mail that ruined your life.
Ethan: What? You know who sent that e-mail?
Mort: Yeah, I think so. First I need you to check out an e-mail
address, see if it rings a bell.
Ethan: Ok. What is it?
Gwen: I think you'll recognize it. In fact, I’d stake my future on it.
Ethan: Well, don't just stand there. Show it to me!
Mort: Look familiar?
Ethan: This can't be. There is no way the e-mail revealing that Sam
Bennett was my father could come from this address.
Mort: Oh, but it did, pal.
Ethan: I don't believe you.
Mort: Well, I can show you the e-mail.
Theresa: Ethan, what is it?
Ethan: See for yourself.
Theresa: Is this some kind of joke?
Mort: Nope. The dish on lover boy here came from that e-mail address.
Theresa: But it couldn't have. I mean, this is impossible!
Gwen: Is there something wrong, [Spanish accent] Theresa?
Theresa: He's saying that the information on Ethan's paternity was sent
from my computer, but that can't be.
Mort: Well, this e-mail would say otherwise, so -- notice the date, the
time, and the sender's address.
Ethan: It's true. You did this to me. You ruined my life!
Theresa: No, Ethan, I did not!
Ethan: How could you lie to me? It's right here in proof, in black and
white!
Theresa: But I didn't, Ethan! I swear to you!
Ethan: You are a liar! I can't believe I was going to marry you.
Theresa: Don't say that, Ethan. I love you.
Ethan: Look -- just go, Theresa. Get the hell out of here and the hell
out of my life!
Mort: Miss Hotchkiss --
Gwen: Shh. Not now.
Ethan: Look, I mean it, Theresa. I never want to see your deceitful
face again!
Theresa: No, Ethan!
Mort: Miss Hotchkiss? Miss Hotchkiss?
Gwen: I’m sorry. What were you saying?
Mort: I’m looking for a name, Miss Hotchkiss. The name of the person
you think sent the e-mail?
Gwen: The name. Yes. It's --
Mort: Don't bail on me now, Miss Hotchkiss. Just tell me who you think
sent the e-mail. Once I get confirmation, then I can expose them and Ethan
can make them suffer big-time for ruining his life. That is what you want,
isn't it?
Gwen: Yes.
Mort: So who was it? Hmm? Give me the name. You know you want to.
Theresa: Hey, hey, hey -- fancy meeting you here.
Ethan: Now, come on, you know the rules. We can't go in together. We
have to separate and find the love square on our own at the same time to
win.
Theresa: Ok. We'll just have to go our separate ways -- after one more
kiss.
Ethan: Well, you don't have to twist my arm.
Miguel: I can't wait to get back into the game.
Kay: Oh, me, neither.
Miguel: And just remember, ok, we have to stay separated.
Kay: Right. Separated.
Miguel: So I’ll head out first, and then everyone else has to go in
different directions.
Charity: Ok.
Simone: Sure.
Kay: Of course. Different directions.
Miguel: Right. I'll see you soon.
Simone: Bye. [Mystical music]
Simone: Charity, are you all right?
Charity: What happened to Miguel and Kay?
Simone: They left. Miguel went that way and Kay went the other.
Tabitha: If that slowpoke Jessica would get a move on, I could get at
Ross.
Timmy: It's Reese.
Tabitha: That's what I said.
Reese: Wait. You're deserting me?
Jessica: No. I’m going back in to Sheridan and Luis' engagement party,
and I’m hoping you'll come with me.
Reese: But we haven't found Tabitha yet.
Jessica: I am not spending my first time at the Crane estate going on a
wild-goose chase for some woman who you think is a witch. Now, are you
coming with me or not?
Reese: Not.
Jessica: Fine. Happy hunting.
Reese: Reese Durkee will not be deterred! I’m going to prove that that
old woman is not just some dotty maid, but that she's the wicked witch of
Harmony.Tabitha: To hell with you, four eyes.
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy, watch this. It's going to be fun.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't usually like cats, but that one looks kind of
sweet. Could Timmy take it home and get rid of fluffy?
Tabitha: Be careful what you ask for, lad. You just might get it.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't understand.
Tabitha: You will, doll face. Watch this.
[Cat meows]
Reese: Well, hey there, cute little kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty. What's
your name?
[Lion roars]
Timmy: Tabby turned a mild-mannered cat into a man-eating lion?
Tabitha: Indeed I did, doll face. Maybe our feline friend will keep
Reese out of my hair for a while.
Reese: Nice kitty. [Lion roars]
Reese: Easy, Simba. Hakuna matata.
[Lion roars]
Reese: Help.
Mort: What are you waiting for, Miss Hotchkiss? Just tell me who you
suspect of sending that e-mail.
Gwen: Well, it's only a hunch. I can't prove anything.
Mort: Well, fine. Just give me the name, and I promise I'll check it
out before I go to press.
Gwen: Ok. It's --
Mort: What now?
Gwen: You know, the more I think about it, the more I realize that
nobody despises Ethan enough to torpedo his life like this. He's just --
he's been so obsessed with finding out who sent this e-mail, I guess it's
contagious.
Mort: You giving me a name or not?
Gwen: Why don't you talk to Ethan, find out who he suspects?
Mort: You know, that's fine by me, but, you know, Ethan and I -- last
time we spoke, we didn't exactly part on good terms.
Gwen: That doesn't matter. Ethan just wants to find out who sent this
e-mail. Once I talk to him and convince him that you can help us, he'll
talk to you. Excuse me. Have you seen Ethan? Waiter: I think I heard
something about him going out to the garden maze.
Gwen: The maze. Thank you. I'll find Ethan, and then you can tell him
the e-mail address of the person who sent the information that ruined his
life. Gwen's voice: I can't wait to see the look on Ethan's face when he
learns that e-mail address is Theresa's.
Tabitha: Did you see Ross' face when that nice kitty morphed into a
huge lion? Oh, where's a camera when you need one? Now back to business.
Let's see what that fog is doing to undo Charity and Miguel. Well, look.
Look, Timmy. Charity is in the maze. She and Miguel must've gone in there
after all. Them being there in the maze will boost the effect of the fog.
[Mystical music] [Giggling]
Charity: Miguel? Kay?
Timmy: Timmy doesn't see Miguel and Kay. Why does Charity?
Tabitha: Well, that's what the maze and the fog do, Timmy. Not only to
they cause people to see things that aren't there, they cause people to
see their own worst fears, face things that they don't want to face. Well,
take Charity for example. Now, her worst fear is of losing Miguel. And, of
course, her sub conscience recognizes that Kay's a threat. Ergo, Charity
sees Kay and Miguel together.
Timmy: That's not a problem for Timmy.
Tabitha: Look, look, look -- Timmy -- Chad, Whitney, and Simone, all
alone in different areas of the maze.
Timmy: Looks like they're coming together.
Tabitha: Yes. Well, that's what they do. The maze and the fog are
working together to focus negative energy. I dare say that means that
something dreadfully evil is about to begin.
[Mystical music]
Whitney: What is this door doing here?
Tabitha: Welcome to the dark side version of "let's make a deal." I
can't wait till Whitney opens that door.
[Mystical music]
Chad: Hey.
Simone: Chad, we can't go through the maze together. It's against the
rules.
Chad: I can't help it. I want to be with you.
Tabitha: Oh, look, Timmy -- Chad's chasing the wrong sister. And now
Ethan's come into view.
Timmy: Timmy wonders what his worst fears are.
Tabitha: I don't know, but I’m sure the fog has something in store for
him.
Tabitha: There's that reporter from the tabloid that ran the story on
Ethan being Sam's son.
Timmy: And Gwen's with him.
Tabitha: Oh, yes. Gwen. She's still out for revenge on Theresa. Well,
I’m sure the fog has something explosive in store for all of them.
Mort: So even if you can get Ethan to talk to me, how are you going to
find him in the maze?
[Mystical music]
Mort: Did you hear that?
Mort: Miss Hotchkiss? Miss Hotchkiss? Where'd she go?
Tabitha: Good question, you muckraking fool. Watch where Gwen ends up,
Timmy.
Ethan: Gwen? Why are you here?
Gwen: I’m not sure.
Mort: Miss Hotchkiss?
Theresa: Oh. Sorry.
Mort: Lady, why don't you just --
Theresa: I feel I’ve been walking in -- circles.
Mort: You're Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald.
Theresa: You're the reporter that exposed Ethan as Sam Bennett's son.
Mort: Yeah. Yeah, so how about answering a couple questions for me,
Miss Lopez Fitzgerald?
Tabitha: The e-mail! Ask her about the e-mail!
Timmy: Theresa has no idea she's being set up.
Tabitha: Oh, isn't this wonderful, Timmy? We're just minutes away from
mayhem.[Reese screams]
Reese: Jess, we have to hurry! There's a big, hungry lion heading
straight for us!
Jessica: Did you say a lion?
Reese: Yeah, yeah! I could feel his breath steaming up my coat!
Jessica: Well, I heard the Cranes had attack dogs, but I didn't know
they had a lion.
[Reese screams]
Jessica: Reese --
Reese: Hmm?
Jessica: The lion you saw --
Reese: Yeah?
Jessica: Is a house cat.
Reese: No. That's no ordinary cat, jess. I saw it turn into a lion!
Jessica: You know what I think?
Reese: That Tabitha tried to kill me before I could prove she was a
witch?
Jessica: You're a really smart guy, Reese, but you need to stop trying
to prove that Tabitha's a witch and start getting a grip on your
incredibly overactive imagination. It's just an ordinary house cat. See?
Look.
Reese: Ok. It is a felis catus, not a panthera leo.
Jessica: So you were wrong about this. So you could be wrong about
Tabitha being a witch, right?
Reese: Uh-uh. I saw her with a mermaid tail. And I saw her doll Timmy
alive, too!
Jessica: Just like you saw this cat morph into a lion?
Reese: Ok. Maybe I do need new glasses -- or that medication my parents
have been wanting me to take.
Jessica: Both are something to think about. But in the meantime, can we
just find everybody and go back to the party?
Reese: Ok.
Jessica: Come on. Come on. Go. Go. [Cat roars like a lion]
Tabitha: My ploy worked, Timmy. Ross should stay off our backs for a
while now. Well, let's see what else the maze is doing. Oh, yes, that's
right -- clarifying dust. Ooh! You know, if we get to spend eternity down
here watching this sort of entertainment, it won't be so bad after all,
will it? Huh? [Mystical music]
Chad: Hey, wait for me.
Chad: I love you. And only you.
Simone: I love you, too, Chad.
Whitney: What am I doing in Chad's room? Chad? You know, this is so
weird. Ok, we're in a maze at the Crane mansion, and then all of a sudden
this heavy fog comes in and the next thing I know -- Chad, are you even
listening to what I’m saying?
Chad: Whitney, what are you doing here? You know we can't see each
other.
Whitney: What are you talking about?
Chad: Whitney, we agreed. We agreed to never see each other again.
Charity: Miguel? Miguel? Miguel, where are you? [Mystical music]
Charity: Oh, my God.
Ethan: Gwen, what are you doing here?
Gwen: I have someone for you to talk to.
Ethan: Oh, well, I'll speak to them later, but let's get out of this
maze first. [Voices]
Ethan: I hear voices. Did you --
Theresa: How can you say that?
Mort: Just think of me as a small town Edward r. Morrow.
Theresa: No. You're a liar.
Mort: Hey, all I did was expose the truth. And you know what? The truth
was handed to me on a silver platter.
Ethan: Where have I heard that voice before? It sounds like that
tabloid reporter, the one that broke the story about me not being a Crane.
But who is he talking to?
Mort: Do you know how I felt when I opened that e-mail and saw the file
attached? That e-mail destroyed Ethan Crane.  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 5/30/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 5/30/01






Proofread by
 Elissia
Timmy: This pool is evil.
Tabitha: Why ever would you say that, Timmy? The pool is showing us the
devastation up at the Crane mansion. All the happy, happy couples whose
relationships are dissolving in front of our very, very eyes. I think it's
marvelous.
Timmy: Timmy thinks it would be more marvelous if Timmy and tabby
weren't stuck in Hecuba's old lair for all eternity without any marTimmys.

Tabitha: Well, it is a grave situation, I’ll grant you that. But we
can't do anything about it. So we might as well enjoy the chaos we've
unleashed on the Crane estate. All that lovely fog causing all that lovely
pain.
Timmy: So this is how tabby and Hecuba got their kicks in the olden
days.
Tabitha: Oh, yes. This was a major source of our entertainment. We'd
send up the fog and watch the misery befall the happy couples. Oh, Timmy,
the way it plays on their minds makes them think they're seeing things
that aren't there. That fog is really quite amazing, you know.
Timmy: But Timmy and tabby are still stuck down here.
Tabitha: Do stop grumbling, lad. I told you when the fog dissipates,
we'll figure out a way to get out of here. But until then, we might as
well enjoy the entertainment that the bowels of hell have provided us
with. Come on, I think I’ll sprinkle a bit more magic dust. Whoo!
Sam: You're the one keeping this fantasy alive, all right? Not me.
Tabitha: Viola. It's Sam and Ivy. And they're having an argument. The
fog's coming closer to them. When it hits them, who knows what will
happen.
Ivy: It wasn't a fantasy, Sam. It was real. Our past was real. What is
happening now is real. I'm not the one keeping this alive, Sam. We are.
You remember what it was like between us. I know you do. Can't you feel it
now, Sam? Can't you feel the fire?
Grace: Sam.
Grace: No. Don't. Sam. Sam. No.
Julian: Sheridan is definitely not happy with Luis.
Rebecca: Well, I should hope not. I mean, didn't she just see him
having an intimate lovers' spat with a strange but beautiful woman?
Julian: Yes, indeed she did. And as for Luis, he hasn't the foggiest
notion about what's going on.
Rebecca: Well, how could he? The man you hired to impersonate him is
the one who actually had the lovers' spat.
Julian: It won't be long, Rebecca, my pet, until Sheridan gets an even
bigger shock, and then it's good-bye, Luis Lopez Fitzgerald, forever.
Rebecca: You know, this is so exciting. Is it always such a rush to
play God with other people's lives? Singer: Ooh you know he's got me
wrapped around around his little finger I try to run away
Julian: Well, I suppose it's only a rush when you're the one tearing
people apart. When it's happening to you and you're the one losing love,
it can be quite painful.

[Music plays]
Eve: I thought I knew I could live without you thought I could tell if
I fell under your spell I have worked very hard to keep my past a secret.
If someone hears that tape, especially T.C., I'll lose everything.
Julian: I'm sorry, darling, but that tape and others like it are among
my prized possessions. I listen to it whenever I want to be taken back to
the past and what we had.
Eve: I've got to get that tape.
T.C.: That voice. My God, that voice.
Rebecca: Julian, what's wrong? Why did you get so maudlin all of a
sudden?
Eve: Now I know it's true there's not one second or two I could live
without you
Julian: Um -- it's nothing. It looks as if Luis and Sheridan are about
to get into it.
Rebecca: Well, I should hope so, after all we've done to try to make
that happen.
Deedee: Mr. Crane.
Julian: Oh, Deedee. Get back. Careful. Don't let Sheridan see you with
us.
Deedee: Don't worry, nobody will see me. So, how's it going with our
little lovebirds over there?
Rebecca: They have got trouble with a capital t. I mean, first there
was a call on Luis' cell phone from a supposedly irate girlfriend -- you
-- that Sheridan answered. And then Sheridan saw you arguing with Luis.
Julian: Yes, only it wasn't Luis but our imposter friend. Deedee: Well,
I'd say you hit the nail right on the head. He is in big trouble.
Julian: Yes, indeed. Our plan is moving along swimmingly.
Sheridan: So, who was that woman you were talking to?
Luis: What?
Sheridan: The woman you were talking to. Who is she?
Julian: This
is it. Luis and Sheridan are finis.
Sam: No.
Sam: No. No, no, no, no. This isn't right.
Ivy: Yes, it is, Sam. You still love me.
Sam: No, I don't, all right? I love my wife. I love her more than
anything, all right? I'm not going to hurt her again.
Ivy: Sam --
Sam: No, no, stop it! You're trying to trick me. You're trying to make
me realize the way we were all those years ago.
Ivy: It's not a trick, Sam, reminding you of the love we shared.
Sam: Well, it's a waste of time because it's over. It's been over for
years. And there's nothing you can say that could change that.
Ivy: No, it's not over, Sam. You felt something when you looked at
those pictures of us so young and in love. They touched you. That
connection is still there.
Sam: No.
Ivy: Yes. Sam, you are fighting it. You are fighting the way you feel,
but you still love me. You know you do. And I will not stop until I
convince you. I will not stop until you tell me that you love me, too.
Timmy: Ivy will never, ever be able to tempt Sam.
Tabitha: Why do you say that, Tim Tim?
Timmy: Because Sam's love for Grace is too strong, like Timmy's for
Charity.
Tabitha: Oh, you and your ridiculous love for that goody two-shoes
blonde would turn sour if the fog wrapped itself round your cotton-picking
heart. The fog is pure evil, Timmy, and it brings evil to everyone it
touches. Sam doesn't stand a chance.
Timmy: Tabby's wrong. Look. Sam's resisting.
Tabitha: Sam may be resisting, but the war is still raging. And the fog
is going to start working its evil magic on Grace, as well. What's the
matter, Gracie? Having a bad dream, dearie?
Grace: No! I have to get to the Crane mansion. Oh, I was wrong to send
Sam there. I have to stop him. I can't lose him.&nbsp;[Music plays]
Eve: T.C. What are you doing in here?
Rebecca: I can tell by Sheridan's body language that she is just livid.

Julian: Yes, the end is near.
Sheridan: So why won't you tell me who she was?
Luis: Who who was?
Sheridan: The woman I saw you arguing with just a few minutes ago.
Luis: You saw me arguing with some woman?
Sheridan: Well, that's what it looked like. I don't know. You tell me.
Luis: Well, I wish I could tell you because you're obviously very
upset.
Sheridan: I'm not upset. I'm just -- I'm confused. First I answer your
cell phone and it's some woman saying that she wants to meet you here at
the party, and then I see you talking to the Same woman. I recognized her
voice.
Luis: I wasn't talking to anyone. I was inside. I was talking to hank
in the solarium.
Sheridan: You were? You didn't talk to a woman just a few minutes ago?
Luis: No. No, I didn't.
Sheridan: Well, then where did you get the lipstick smear from? Huh?
Rebecca: Well, that's a curious turn of events. Where did the lipstick
come from?
Deedee: Not me.
Julian: Well, wherever it came from, it couldn't have come at a better
time. There's no way Luis can weasel his way out of this one. Luis and
Sheridan are through.
Sam: You're not going to convince me of anything, Ivy. How many times
do I have to say this? I love my wife. Grace is the only woman in my life,
the only woman I want in my life.
Ivy: Well, you're wrong, Sam. I saw the way you looked at those
pictures. You saw the way we were, and you remembered, Sam. I know you
remembered, Sam. You remembered what it was like to have me in your arms
and to feel our bodies so close. [Music plays]
Ivy: You see, Sam? You do remember. There's no use denying our past,
Sam. I am the woman you loved. I am still the woman you love. You've never
forgotten me, just as I've never forgotten you.
T.C.: That voice. Do you hear that voice, eve?
Eve: T.C. --
T.C.: I came in here to get a drink. I was so upset when I saw you and
Julian talking earlier. And I promised you that I wouldn't make a scene,
so I came in here to cool down.
Eve: Well, are you all right now?
T.C.: I was starting to cool down, but all I could think about is I
wanted Julian dead.
Eve: Please don't say that,
T.C.T.C.: It's true, Eve. I would kill him myself if I thought that he ever
hurt you or my family. But accidentally, I turned on the stereo, and I
heard this voice. Why would Julian have this tape, Eve? Hmm? Why would he
have it?
Sheridan: So how did you get lipstick on your collar?
Luis: It's not yours?
Sheridan: No, it's not my shade.
Luis: I don't know. You know, it's probably Sharon's.
Sheridan: Sharon? Who's she?
Luis: She's married to one of the cops I work with.
Sheridan: Why was she so angry with you?
Luis: Angry? She wasn't angry. She came up to me, said hello. She gave
me a kiss. And I said she looked nice in this purple dress, and she said,
"Congratulations on your engagement."
Sheridan: Wait, purple? No, she was wearing gold.
Luis: No, she was wearing purple. Come on -- what, are you trying to
make me think I’m crazy here?
Sheridan: No, no, of course not. It's just that the woman I saw you
arguing with was wearing gold. She was about 5'7", thin, blonde hair.
Luis: Well, that's not Sharon. Sheridan, I wasn't talking to any woman
like that, ok?
Sheridan: This is crazy. I saw you out here just a few minutes ago
talking to a woman in gold.
Luis: Hold on a minute, all right? I know why you thought you saw me
talking to some woman.
Rebecca: Uh-oh. Do you think Luis has figured out what's going on?
Julian: No, that's impossible. At least I hope not. Because if this
plan fails and we can't separate Luis and Sheridan, then we'll have to go
to father's plan b.
Rebecca: Oh, no. Uh-uh.
Julian: If Luis has figured out what we're doing, we'll be forced to
kill Sheridan. Yet
Sheridan: Look, Luis, if you've got an explanation for what's going on,
then I would really like to hear it.
Luis: Well, I think the fog made your mind play tricks on you.
Sheridan, you saw someone out there that looked like me with someone in
gold and you thought it was me.
Sheridan: You really think that's it?
Luis: Yeah, sure. Look at the fog. It's so thick out there, you can
barely see your hand in front of your face.
Sheridan: And I guess the phone call was just a wrong number.
Luis: Yeah, it had to be. Sheridan, look, there is no one else that I'd
rather be at this party with -- or anywhere else, for that matter -- but
you, ok?
Rebecca: Thank God Luis didn't figure out what's going on.
Julian: Stay right here. Ahem. My dear, we have to take care of a few
things, so why don't you just stay out of sight. I'll come for you when
it's time for the next phase of the plan.
Deedee: Okey-dokey, boss.
Luis: There's no other explanation. It has to be the fog.
Sheridan: I guess that could be it.
Luis: Or it could be something else.
Sheridan: Like what?
Luis: Like maybe you don't trust me 100% yet.
Sheridan: Luis, why would --
Luis: Maybe you still haven't gotten over what happened down at the
wharf when you thought you heard me say that I was using you.
Sheridan: I don't know what that was all about, but I believe you if
you say that wasn't you.
Luis: Maybe you believe me on the surface, but maybe your subconscious
doesn't. Maybe it's telling you not to go through with the wedding.
Rebecca: I don't know what happened. Sheridan and Luis should be having
a knockdown-dragout by now.
Julian: Don't worry. The most important part of the plan is yet to
come. By the time this night is over, Luis and Sheridan will be over, as
well.
T.C.: Hearing this tape makes me hate Julian even more. I never thought
that could be possible.
Eve: T.C., please, just calm down.
T.C.: I'm trying to calm down, eve. Now, this must be the box where the
tape came in. But there's no name on it. Maybe there's a name on the tape.
I don't believe this. There's no name on it, either.
Eve: There's no name?
T.C.: No name, no date, no nothing. But I know this voice.
Eve: You do?
T.C.: Oh, yes, I do. And I know where this tape came from. From.
Eve: But how? How could you know?
T.C.: Oh, I know. And I know why Julian made it. I figured it all out,
eve. And just the thought of it just fills me with rage.
Timmy: What's Tabby doing now?
Tabitha: Just giving us a little change of scenery, Timmy. Look, Grace
is coming to the mansion.
Timmy: Poor Grace. That fog is going to rock her world tonight.
Tabitha: Mm-hmm.
Grace: I have to find Sam.
Grace: No. Sam, I have to find you.

[Music plays]
Ivy: Dance with me, Sam. Like we danced that night in the woods.
Sam: No, no, no.

[Music stops]
Sam: Look, I don't want to dance with you, Ivy, all right? I don't want
anything from you. I don't want anything from you. Wait, that's not true.
I do want something from you.
Ivy: Yes, Sam?
Sam: I want you to leave me the hell alone, all right? I want you to
let me go back to my wife, back to my family because I don't love you.
I've never loved you, all right? So just leave me alone. Do you hear me?
Ivy: Yes, Sam, I hear you. And I won't ever bother you again.
Sam: Good.
Ivy: I won't ever bother anyone ever again.
Sam: Ivy, what are you talking about? What are you doing?
Ivy: If I can't have you, I have nothing. I don't want to live.
Sam: Ivy, no!
Eve:
T.C., What makes you think that you know where that tape is from?
T.C.: Because, Eve, I found it here in his library. It's obvious that
he made the tape, and it's pretty obvious that the person who sang it was
in pain. Couldn't you hear it in her voice?
Eve: Well, yes, but, I mean, that's what the song is about -- pain.
T.C.: Yeah. And I'm sure she knew about pain firsthand. From Julian
Crane himself. It would not surprise me if Julian Crane didn't have an
affair with this woman and then threw her away like yesterday's garbage. I
want to find the name of this person, and I want to try to help them.
Eve: T.C., I really think that you are letting your hatred of Julian
just let your imagination run away with you.
T.C.: Sweetheart, didn't you tell me that Julian had an affair with
some woman, got her pregnant, and then dumped her? Now, maybe this is that
woman.
Eve: Well, I suppose, but it seems like a pretty big stretch.
T.C.: Sweetheart, it's not a stretch! Honey, I bet you Julian Crane
sits around here to reminisce how he hurt that woman and caused her pain.
He was probably just sitting in this damn chair right here and enjoying
it. Well, you know what? I'm sick of it. I'm tired of it. I'm going to
find Luis and Sheridan, and I'm going to tell them good night. We're going
home.
Eve: Yes, absolutely. I'm ready.
T.C.: I'll meet you in the car.
Eve: All right.
Damn you, Julian.
Tabitha: Oh, this is too wonderful, Timmy. The fog is going to cause
Ivy Crane to jump to her death.
Timmy: That's only two stories high. Timmy's fallen that far many
times, and he didn't die.
Tabitha: I know you hate to be reminded of this, but you are a doll.
The worst that can happen to you is for your stuffing to come out. Humans
can die from a fall like this. And if she doesn't die, I mean, at least
she'll break her silly neck.
Sam: Just come back inside, all right? We'll talk.
Tabitha: Why is the channel changing? What could be more interesting
than watching a rich woman break her silly neck? Oh, Timmy, it is more
interesting. It's T.C. Russell. This is going to be priceless.
T.C.: I can't believe how thick this fog is getting. I can't see three
feet in front of me. Ah! Damn fog.
Man: Don't blame the fog, son. You're the one that tripped.
T.C.: Who is that? Who's there?
Man: It's me, son.
T.C.: Pop?
T.C.’s Father: That's right,
T.C.: And I've got some questions for you. The first one is, what the
hell are you doing here at the Crane estate?
Tabitha: You see, Timmy? The fog has brought T.C.'s father back from
the dead.
Timmy: T.C.’s dead father? What's going on?
Tabitha: Evil and pain, Timmy. Delectable evil and pain.
Luis: If you have any doubts or if you don't trust me completely --
Sheridan: I do trust you, Luis.
Luis: On the surface. But after what happened down at the wharf, after
what you heard, maybe subconsciously --
Sheridan: No, Luis, you're wrong. My heart and my head consciously and
subconsciously believe in you. I trust you completely.
Luis: Are you sure?
Sheridan: Yes, I’m sure. Look, I'm sorry if I got a little confused.
There's just been a weird string of events tonight. I mean, first that
phone call with the woman demanding to meet you --
Luis: Yeah, but she didn't ask for me specifically.
Sheridan: No, you're right, she didn't say your name.
Luis: So obviously it was a wrong number. And as for me arguing with
some woman out there, I swear --
Sheridan: You're right. It must have just been the fog.
Luis: I hope you believe me. I love you, and I would never, ever lie to
you about anything.
Sheridan: I do believe you because you're the love of my life.
Luis: And you trust me?
Sheridan: With my life. You're the most wonderful man in the world, and
I've never been so sure of anything as I am of my love for you.
Luis: I feel the same way about you.

[Telephone rings]
Sheridan: If it's that woman again, tell her you're busy.
Luis: Yeah. Lopez Fitzgerald. Now? You're kidding me. I'm right in the
middle of my engagement party. Yeah, all right. I'll be down right away.
That was the station house. They need me down there right away.
Sheridan: No.
Luis: Sorry.
Sheridan: Me, too.
Rebecca: What, he has to go now? What about the rest of our plan? How
are we ever going to make Sheridan believe that she's seeing Luis in bed
with Deedee if she knows he's really at the police station?
T.C.: What is going on here? Pop, you're dead. I saw you buried.
T.C.'s father: You saw Sheridan Crane buried, too, but that didn't make
her dead.
T.C.: Pop, that was different. You really are dead. I can't believe I'm
actually talking to you.
T.C.’s father: You can't believe? I can't believe you ever set foot on
Crane grounds, not after what Julian Crane did to you. And you know he was
responsible.
T.C.: I know that he caused the accident, and I know that you died of a
broken heart because of it.
T.C.:'S father: So what the hell are you doing here? Don't you know
this place is pure evil? And there are other horrible things that Julian's
done in the past.
T.C.: Pop, I’m sure there are, but what does that have to do with me?
T.C.'s father: You have clues, T.C. You just don't want to admit what
you suspect. But you better come to grips with it, son. Because if you
don't, it'll destroy your whole family.
Eve: God, this fog is so thick.
Eve: Grace? Grace is that you? Honey, I didn't think that you were
coming to the party.
Grace: I wasn't. But I had a premonition, an awful premonition. I have
to find Sam. Have you seen him?
Eve: No. In a while. I mean, it's been a while. I think he left.
Grace: He left? But to go where? Home?
Eve: No, no. He's probably around here somewhere. I think he's with
Ivy.
Grace: Oh, my God. I have to find him. I'll talk to you later.
Eve: Oh, Grace. I warned you not to force Sam to come to this party
tonight. I only hope when you find them that it's not too late. I guess
I'd better stay here in case Grace needs me. I'll find T.C., and I'll let
him know.
Eve: Where am I? This isn't the Crane estate. It's a hospital. But it's
old. It's at least 20 years old.
Eve: Oh, my God. This is the hospital where I had my first baby. My
son. The baby who died.
Timmy: How did eve end up in the hospital?
Tabitha: It's the fog, Timmy. Pay attention.
Timmy: And why is everything in black and white? Oh. Right. The fog,
the fog.
Tabitha: Oh, life doesn't get much better than this, Timmy. The fog has
transported eve back in time to one of the most painful moments of her
life.
Sam: Ivy, come down.
Ivy: No.
Sam: Now, give me your hand.
Ivy: No! Don't touch me! You never loved me! You don't love me! I have
nothing to live for. I just want to die.
Sam: Ivy. Come inside, all right? We'll talk.
Ivy: We'll talk? What are we going to talk about, Sam? Are you going to
tell me now that you love me? What, are you going to tell me that we can
have a life together, Sam? Is that what you're going to tell me now?
Sam: Ivy --
Ivy: No, Sam. You're going to tell me you love me now? Is that what
you're going to say?
Sam: Ivy, please. All right? You have so much to live for.
Ivy: I have nothing to live for! If I don't have you, I have nothing,
and I don't want to feel like this! I just -- I just want to die.
Sam: No. Ivy. No!
Eve: How did I get here?
Nurse: Miss Johnson, where did you get those party clothes?
Eve: Johnson. That's my maiden name.
Nurse: You really shouldn't be out of bed yet. Are you all right?
Eve: I'm fine. I just don't know how I got here. What am I doing here?
Nurse: You came here to have your baby.
Eve: But that was 20 years ago.
Nurse: The pain medication we gave you is pretty strong. Miss Johnson,
you were brought in today to have your baby.
Eve: Today? Nurse: Mm-hmm. That's right. And I bet I know why you're
out of bed. You want to see your baby, don't you?
My baby? My baby is still alive?
T.C.: I don't understand, pop. What are you talking about?
T.C.’s father: You know very well what I'm talking about. You feel it
in your gut. It's in your subconscious. Julian has not only hurt you, he's
hurt your family. You know it. You just don't want to admit it to
yourself. You won't admit you know, but you do know one thing. You know
that Julian Crane should be killed.
Ivy: No! No! Why did you even catch me? Why didn't you just leave me
alone? I want to die!
Sam: Listen, no, you don't. You have your whole life ahead of you.
Ivy: No, Sam. Without you, I have nothing! I have no life!
Sam: Ivy. I thought I was going to lose you.
Ivy: Oh, you'll never lose me, Sam. Never.
Luis: I'm so sorry I have to leave. I feel terrible.
Sheridan: Can't someone else cover for you?
Luis: No, I'm afraid not. It's an emergency. I'm really sorry.
Sheridan: Me, too. I hate when you have to leave me for any reason.
Luis: Well, I'll be back as soon as I can. I'm really, really sorry.
Sheridan: It's all right. If I’m going to be a cop's wife, I guess I'm
going to have to get used to this, right?
Luis: Right. You're the most wonderful woman in the world. You know
that?
Rebecca: Well, what are we going to do now? Our plan is ruined. How are
we going to get our imposter here to convince Sheridan that Luis is in bed
with Deedee when she knows that he's really at the station house?
Fake Luis: Yeah, what happens now?
Deedee: I guess you'd better come up with another plan.
Julian: Will you all just calm down? Everything's going according to
plan.
Rebecca: How can you say that?
Julian: Because I arranged for Luis to be called away.


Deedee: You did?

Rebecca: But why?
Julian: As I said, it's all part of the plan. It doesn't matter whether
Luis goes to the station house or to the moon. By the time we're finished
tonight, Luis and Sheridan will be torn apart permanently. Just wait and
see.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 5/31/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 5/31/01






Proofread by
 Elissia
Tabitha: Here we go. The esteemed Dr. Russell. You're going to love
this, Timmy.
Timmy: She's in the hospital.
Tabitha: Yes. The fog has transported her back in time to a hospital in
a day years ago when eve was much younger. She's reliving one of the most
painful moments of her life. Although this time it may be a little bit
different from the way she remembers it.
Eve: How did I get here?
Nurse: Miss Johnson, where'd you get those party clothes?
Eve: Johnson? That's my maiden name.
Nurse: You really shouldn't be out of bed yet. Are you all right?
Eve: I'm fine. I just don't know how I got here. What am I doing here?
Nurse: You came here to have your baby.
Eve: But that was 20 years ago.
Nurse: The pain medication we gave you is pretty strong. Miss Johnson,
you were brought in today to have your baby.
Eve: Today?
Nurse: That's right. And I bet I know why you're out of bed. You want
to see your baby, don't you?
Eve: My baby? My baby is still alive?
Nurse: Of course he is. I'll get him for you.
Eve: No, this can't be happening. My son died so long ago. What's going
on here?
Nurse: Here's mommy.
Eve: My baby.
Nurse: Here you go.

[Baby cries]
Eve: It's my baby. Oh. Oh, it's my baby. Oh, I know it. That really is
my baby. Oh, sweetheart. Oh, I've missed you so much. I'm never going to
let you go. Oh, I'm never, ever going to let you go.Timmy: Oh, how sweet.
Tabitha: Oh, now, don't go all soppy on me.
Timmy: But dr. Russell has her baby back.
Tabitha: No, she doesn't, Timmy. This is all in her head. The fog is
playing tricks with her mind, taking her back in time to when she lost her
and Julian's baby. Only this time there's going to be a twist. Oh, you
just wait and see. It's going to get even better. Hello, hello? What do we
have here?
Timmy: Coach Russell?
Tabitha: T.C. -- he's falling down, hit his head on the statue, knocked
himself out.
Timmy: Timmy saw this part.
Tabitha: Well, wait until you see the rest, Timmy. The fog is taking
T.C. back in time to a pivotal, crucial time in his past, renewing his
hatred for the man he blames for destroying his life, the man he holds
responsible for his father's death. Watch.
T.C.: This isn't happening. Pop, you're dead. How can you be here?
Mr. Russell: How can you be here on the Crane estate, attending a party
at the mansion, after what Julian Crane has done to you. He's not only
hurt you. He's hurt your family.
T.C.: Pop, I know what he's done.
Mr. Russell: But you won't do anything about it.
T.C.: What do you want me --
Mr. Russell: I told you. Make him pay with his life. Julian Crane must
die, and you must be the one who kills him.
T.C.: No, Pa, I can't do that.
Mr. Russell: You can, and you will. You will kill Julian Crane.
Tabitha: That's telling him, Pop.
Timmy: What did Julian do to make T.C. hate him so much? Is it because
Julian had an affair with his wife? But Timmy thought coach Russell didn't
know about that.
Tabitha: He doesn't. This is something else. This is something that
happened when T.C. and Julian were both young men. T.C.'s never recovered
from it. It filled him with hatred. Perhaps what he relives tonight will
finally push T.C. into acting on his rage and killing Julian.

[Mystical
music]
Timmy: Oh, no. Oh, wait. Timmy gets it.
Tabitha: Oh! That'll be a first.
Timmy: Simone's imagining this in her mind because she thinks Chad is
in love with her.
Tabitha: Wrong. This is really happening. This is for real.
Timmy: But Timmy thought Chad and Whitney were a couple. Tabitha: They are, but you're forgetting the fog, Timmy. It's working
its magic again, confusing Chad. He thinks he's actually kissing
Whitney, not her sister.
Timmy: Where is Whitney:?
Tabitha: Oh, our little tennis whiz is being affected very differently
by the fog.

[Mystical music]
Whitney: What is this door doing here?
What am I doing in Chad's room? Chad?
Timmy: How can Chad be in two places at once?
Tabitha: This is Chad in Whitney's mind. The fog is giving her a
glimpse of what could happen in the future, warning her of a painful
secret that could hurt her, tear her and Chad apart -- really destroy
their lives.Whitney: You know this is so weird? Ok, we're in a maze at the Crane
mansion, and then all of a sudden this heavy fog come in, and the next
thing I knew we're -- Chad, are you even listening to what I'm saying?
Chad: Whitney:, what are you doing here? You know we can't see each
other.
Whitney: What are you talking about?
Chad: Whitney, we agreed. We agreed to never see each other again.
Whitney: But everything is going so well.
Chad: It's over.Timmy: But this is terrible, princess.
Tabitha: Isn't it just?
Timmy: Doesn't the fog do any good things?
Tabitha: Well, it depends who you are. For Ivy Crane, the fog could be
bringing her just what she dreams about. It could be bringing her Sam
Bennett.
Timmy: Ok, now. Is this real, or is this in somebody's mind?
Tabitha: Oh, this is real, Timmy. This is very, very real. What's
happening here tonight will have very serious consequences for Sam and Ivy
-- and Grace. [Mystical music]
Sam: Ivy, I thought I was going to lose you. Ivy: Oh, you'll never lose
me, Sam. Never.
Timmy: No, Chief Bennett -- no!
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy, now is not the time to get all emotional on me. The
night is young. Things are just beginning to heat up. We've only just seen
a glimpse of the terrible and terrifying things to come.
Timmy: "Terrifying"?
Tabitha: Before the night's over, you are going to see some of these
		people's lives utterly destroyed.Sam: What --
Ivy: You felt it, too. I know you did. You remember how
much you once loved me, and you felt the passion that tied us together and
always will.
Sam: But I --
Ivy: No, Sam, remember? Remember how much you loved me?
Sam: Open up your eyes now.
Ivy: Oh, Sam. It's a locket.
Sam: Open it.
Ivy: Oh.
Sam: So you'll never forget me.
Ivy: As if I ever could.
Sam: Do you like it?
Ivy: I love it, and I’m going to wear it forever.
Sam: Happy new year, Ivy.
Ivy: Oh, happy new year, Sam.
Sam: Do you mind not going to a party tonight?
Ivy: Oh, I can't think
of any place I'd rather be than right here in your arms. Promise me we'll
ring in every new year together.
Sam: I promise. I promise I will love you forever.
Ivy: It can be like
that again, Sam. I love you, and I know you still love me.
Grace: Please, no. Sam -- don't.
Julian: How strange how this fog came in so fast. The fact is this
whole evening has been rather strange. I've had such a sense of odd things
occurring, bizarre happenings.
Tabitha: Oh, Julian. You don't know the half of it. Tonight will prove
beyond bizarre, not to mention dangerous.T.C.: Pop, you want me to kill Julian Crane, commit murder?
Mr. Russell: What Julian's done to you is worse than murder. Remember
your dreams, son? Remember what we worked so hard for?
T.C.: As if I could ever forget.
Mr. Russell: It was all yours, T.C. You were on your way to Wimbledon.
You were the best tennis player on the entire east coast. No one could
beat you, especially not Julian Crane.
T.C.: Whoa. What the hell is going on? Wait a minute. This is my car.
Hey, this is the car I had in high school.
Mr. Russell: You're on your way home from the tournament, feeling the
thrill of victory, bursting to tell me the wonderful news -- that
everything that we worked so hard for is coming true. All you have to do
is beat Julian Crane.
T.C.: Yeah, Pop. I knew that I could beat him. That's why I was so
happy. Everything was coming true. All I had to do was beat Julian, and
then we would go on to the circuit. You were right, Pop. I couldn't wait
to get home to share the good news with you. All of our dreams were coming
true.
Mr. Russell: But it didn't work out that way, did it, T.C.? Everything
changed in a matter of seconds. It was all over. Your career, our dreams
-- all over. [Brakes screech]
Eve: Yes. What? What? What's that face, huh?
Nurse: Sorry to break this up, but you've been through a lot and you
need to get back to your room and rest.
Eve: Well, I will, just as long as I can keep my baby with me.
Nurse: Of course you can. I'll just take him to the nursery for a
diaper change and then to your room.

[Baby fusses]
Nurse: It's ok.
Eve: Oh. Ok. Oh. Ok. Ok. All right.
Nurse: Yes, hello.
Eve: Wait. My baby died. They never brought him back to me. Maybe I can
turn back the clock and save him.
Oh, I have to save my baby. I have to.Chad: I love you and only you.
Timmy: Boy, is Chad going to be surprised.
Tabitha: "Surprised"? Try shocked, stupefied.
Timmy: How are
Whitney and Chad ever going to explain this to Simone?
Tabitha: They won't be able to. That's the joy of it, Timmy. It's all
going to blow up in their faces.
Timmy: So nobody's going to be happy?
Tabitha: Well, after
Whitney's little glimpse into the future -- no, I think they'll all be
miserable.
Timmy: But what's happening to
Whitney isn't real. The fog is making her imagine it, right?
Tabitha: It doesn't matter, Timmy. It will still have an impact. And it
will leave
Whitney very unsettled about her relationship with Chad to say the
least.
Whitney: What are you saying, Chad? Why does it have to be over for us?
I don't understand. I mean, things are good now. We've been through so
much with my family, and now my mom's finally come around. I mean, she's
given us permission to date. And I do know that we have to tell Simone,
but I'm sure that she's going to come around eventually.
Chad: Well, there's no reason for her to come around, ok, because our
relationship is finished.
Whitney: But I thought that you had feelings for me.
Chad: Look, it's time to move on with your life, Whitney, ok?
Whitney:: But you told me that you loved me.
Chad: And I have to move on with mine, so --
Whitney: No, no, no. I've never felt for anyone the way I feel about
you. I am in love with you.
Chad:
Whitney, please don’t. Just don't --
Whitney: Don't do what? Don't do what? Tell you how I feel about you?
Chad: You shouldn't have come here, you know. You should've just stayed
away. We promised each other we would never see each other again.
Whitney: What -- no. No, I never promised anything. I don't understand
any of this. What did I do?
Oh, my God. You're right. We can't be together.
T.C.: My leg. I can't move my leg. I'm trapped. I'm trapped. I can't
get out. This is what happened years ago.
Mr. Russell: This is where it ended -- your dreams wrecked the Same way
your car was. The accident took it all away from us, T.C. It robbed you of
your future in tennis. You weren't able to play Julian the next day. You
were never able to play tennis again. This accident robbed you of your
life's ambition.
T.C.: It robbed me of you, Pop. You were never the same. You died of a
broken heart because of it, Pop.
Mr. Russell: Here. Take my hand.
T.C.: Pop, I’m all right.
Mr. Russell: You are now. You weren't back then.
T.C.: To go through it all over again, Pop --
Mr. Russell: Would you like to see who did this to you, who was driving
the other car -- the person who destroyed your life?
T.C.: Yes, Pop, I want to know. I want to know for sure. I want the
proof.
Mr. Russell: It's right here, T.C.
Whitney: Dear God. I don't understand any of this. I mean, something is
just off! I'm not even -- wait -- I'm not even sure that this is Chad's
room. Chad? Where did he go?
Whitney: I'm back in the maze?
Whitney: Chad --
Chad: Simone?
Simone: Yes, Chad?
[Baby cries]
Eve: I'm coming, sweetheart. Mommy's coming. Don't worry! I won't let
you die!
Timmy: Is Dr. Russell going to make it? Is she going to save her baby?
Tabitha: Hmm. You just keep watching, Timmy. You'll be surprised what
happens next. Of course, not as surprised as eve, though. She's going to
be very, very surprised.
Eve: Oh, my sweet darling. Oh, you are such a beautiful boy. Yes, you
are. And you're all right. Oh, my baby's fine.
Eve: Julian? Is that you? Who are you? Who are you? What are you doing?
Stop it! No, please! Somebody -- help! He's taking my baby! No! My baby!
My baby! No!
Mr. Russell: Look inside. Look and see who robbed us of our dream. See
who's responsible for destroying your life.
T.C.: I knew it. I knew that you were behind this! Now I have the
proof, Pop. Now I have the proof I’ve been searching for.
Timmy: Tabby, come quick -- it's Julian Crane.
Tabitha: Yes.
Timmy: He's the one who messed up coach Russell’s life.
Tabitha: Maybe.
Timmy: Yes, he is. Look. Julian's in the other car.
Tabitha: Is he? Or is he merely the one who T.C. sees in the other car?
In his mind, T.C. has always blamed Julian for what happened that night,
so it's only natural that T.C. would want to see Julian in the other car.
Right?
T.C.: You son of a bitch. You destroyed my life. You took everything
away from me, including my father. And I'll be damned if I let you get
away with it, Julian. I'm going to make you pay. I'm going to kill you,
Julian! I'm going to kill you for everything you've done to me! Die!&nbsp;Ivy:
We can be together again, Sam, just the way we were. And this time it
doesn't have to end.
Sam: Ivy, Ivy -- don't go.
Ivy: Oh, I have to.
Sam: I don't want to lose you.
Ivy: You'll never lose me, Sam. I will
love you forever and ever. Now, kiss me one last time.
Sam: I can't lose you, Ivy.
Ivy: It'll never happen. I'll love you
forever.
Grace: No, Sam. No.
Sam: I love you. I'll always love you, Ivy.
Eve: My baby -- he took my baby!
Nurse: I'm --
Eve: He took my baby.
Nurse: I'm so sorry.
Eve: He took my baby. The man --
Nurse: We did all we could.
Eve: He took my baby.
Nurse: I'm sorry. Your baby didn't make it.
Eve: No -- what?
Nurse: He's dead.
Eve: No! No! I saw him! I saw him!
Nurse: I know this is a terrible, terrible shock --
Eve: I saw the man take him.
Nurse: But there was no man. Your baby died.
Eve: Why don't you listen to me?
Nurse: Try to calm yourself, miss Johnson.
Eve: My baby -- he took my baby.
Nurse: I think a sedative.
Eve: Oh, please. He took my baby. We have to get my baby back.
Nurse: It's going to be all right.
Eve: Please, please. No, please. You don't understand. It's Julian
Crane's baby.
Nurse: Here we go.
Eve: It's his child! Please.
Nurse: Here we go.
Eve: We have to stop him! We have to stop him!
Nurse: It's going to be all right. Hold still for just a moment.
Eve: No, please, no. No, please, no.
Nurse: Ok.
Eve: Please -- I have to save my baby.
Nurse: That's better now.
Eve: Please. I have to save my baby. I have to save my baby. Please. I
have to save my baby. I have to save my baby.
Eve: My baby's alive. My baby's alive.
Timmy: Is it true, tabby? Is dr. Russell's baby still alive? Did
someone really steal it?
Tabitha: There are some who suspect that Eve and Julian's baby didn't
die. Some say, in fact, it's Chad Harris.
Timmy: But Chad is Whitney's boyfriend. If he's dr. Russell's son, then
that makes Chad Whitney's brother.
Tabitha: You have to get up pretty early in the morning to put one over
on the timster.
Timmy: That's terrible.
Tabitha: Oh, isn't it, though?
Timmy: So, is that what was on the paper that Chad showed Whitney? Is
that why Chad said he and Whitney can't be together?
Tabitha: Should we have a look and see, Timmy?
Chad: What just happened here? Simone?
Simone: Yes, Chad?
Chad: Oh, my God.
Whitney: We were just in your room. We were having a serious
discussion.
Chad: In my room?
Whitney: Right. Just now. Just a couple seconds ago, Chad.
Chad: I wasn't in my room.
Whitney: Yes, you were. We both were. And we were discussing something,
and you left me.
Chad: A couple of minutes ago --
Whitney: And now -- now you're here with Simone.
Simone: Is this some kind of weird joke, Whitney:?
Whitney: No, it's not.
Simone: Well, Chad has been right here with me and way more than a
couple of minutes, right, Chad?
Chad: I was -- I thought --
Simone: He's been so romantic and so loving. We know we were supposed
to make it to the love square, but we couldn't tear ourselves away from
each other.
Chad: Whitney, look --
Simone: It's ok, Chad. My parents totally accept you now. And we don't
have to worry about Whitney going back and saying anything to them. We can
tell everybody that we love each other and that we're boyfriend and
girlfriend.
Chad: What? Simone --
Simone: I know that we have been growing closer and closer together.
You feel it, too, don't you, Chad? Isn't it incredible? We have, like, the
perfect relationship.
Chad: Whitney, I can't even explain this right now, ok? I swore --
Simone: What is there to explain? We love each other.
Grace: No. Sam!
Sam: Grace? Grace? What are you -- Grace!
Ivy: No, Sam, let her go. Let her go. It's all right.
Sam: No, it's not all right.Timmy: It's not chief Bennett's fault. Come back, Grace.
Tabitha: Heartbreaking, isn't it, Timmy?
Timmy: Sam doesn't know what he's doing.
Tabitha: Doesn't he?
Timmy: It's the fog. It's playing tricks with his mind.
Tabitha: Are you certain of that, Timmy?
Timmy: That's what tabby said.
Tabitha: Was the fog really what made Sam kiss Ivy, or did he just give
in to what's been in his subconscious all along?
Timmy: Timmy's no good at psychoanal-- ana-- whatever it is.
Tabitha: Well, you don't need to be a shrink to sort this out. The
question here is, did Sam finally act on his love for Ivy?
Timmy: He's crazy about Grace.
Tabitha: Can we be certain of that, though, Timmy? You see, I’m not
sure, lad. No, I find this all very interesting. Was it the fog, or is Sam
Bennett still in love with Ivy Crane?
Simone: I have to go find Kay, tell her how wonderful this night has
turned out to be. This has been the best night of my life.
Chad: Yo, Whitney, look -- you got to understand this is some kind of
mistake, right?
Whitney: I know what I saw.
Chad: Well, I don't know what you saw, ok? I don't know what you saw. I
don't understand what's going on, all right? This is all real strange
right now, ok? This -- this fog is so thick. I swore I was kissing you.
Ok, I had no idea I was kissing Simone.
Whitney: You know what? You're right. You're right. This is all a
mistake. I can't be with you. It's over, Chad.
Grace: Dear God. Eve? Eve? What happened to you, Eve? Can you hear me?
Eve: Grace?
Grace: I'm right here, sweetheart.
Eve: Grace --
Grace: Ok --
Eve: Grace, my baby's alive.
Grace: Shh.
Eve: My baby's alive. We have to save him. I have to save him. The man
took him, Grace. I saw him. He took him.
Grace: You saw -- what did you see?
Eve: I was in the hospital where I gave birth and I had the baby. I had
my baby. And I knew it was my baby. And then I was in the nursery, and
this man appeared. I watched as he took my baby.
Grace: Shah --
Eve: He took my baby, Grace.
Grace: Eve, eve, no. You fell down. You must have hit your head. You
know, you probably saw this statue over here. You see? That's what made
you think of your baby.
Eve: A statue?
Grace: Honey, it was a dream. It was just a dream.
Eve: But it felt so real. It seemed so real.
Tabitha: Oh, eve, if only you knew how close to the truth you really
are.
Sam: Grace! Grace! T.C.? T.C., what are you doing?
T.C.: It was him, Sam. It's Julian. He was driving the other car that
caused my accident!
Sam: What are you talking about? Look. Look at what you're doing.
T.C.: What the hell is going on here? Where's Julian? Where's the car?Chad:
Whitney, I’m so sorry, ok? I really am. I'm sorry. I swore I was
kissing you, all right? I'd never kiss Simone. I ain't got no feelings for
her. Whitney, I love you. Hey, look, you know what? Come on. We -- ok,
ok, ok. We're going to go -- we're going to find your sister, all right,
and we're going to tell her about us right now. All right, we're going to
tell her that I thought I was kissing you just now. And we're going to
tell her the whole truth, all right? Clear the air once and for all, ok?
Whitney: There's nothing to tell Simone.
Chad: What are you talking about?
Whitney:: You and I can't be together.
Chad: What?
Whitney: Look, it's over. We can't be together anymore.
Chad: Why?
Whitney: I -- I don't know. But I have a feeling that something is
really wrong and I cannot be with you.
Eve: You're right. I must have imagined what happened. It's not
possible that I could have been back in the hospital where I had my baby
all those years ago.
Grace: I'm sorry. I know how terrible that memory is for you.
Eve: It's coming here. The Crane mansion -- it always stirs up bad
memories. I wish we had never come.
Grace: I didn't have a choice. The premonition of losing Sam was so
strong, I couldn't stay away.
Eve: Honey, you're never going to lose Sam. He loves you -- only you.
Grace: I wish that were true, eve. I just saw Sam. He was kissing Ivy.
I've lost him to Ivy. I've lost Sam.
T.C.: Where'd he go? Julian was here. Julian was here in the car.
Sam: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, buddy, you all right?
T.C.: The accident, Sam.
Sam: There's no car. There's no accident.
T.C.: Sam, he was here. He was here. My father -- my father will tell
you -- he saw the whole thing. He'll tell you.
Sam: T.C., your father's dead.
T.C.: No, Sam. No, my father's here. My -- pops -- where'd my pops go?
Pops? Where did Pops go?
Sam: Hey, man --
T.C.: No, Sam. Julian was here! Julian's responsible, and I'm going to
kill Julian!
Sam: T.C., wait!Tabitha: Hecuba's potion has worked wonders, hasn't it, Timmy?
Timmy: Timmy doesn't like it at all. It's cruel.
Tabitha: Oh, come on. Where's your sense of fun?
Timmy: Make it stop, tabby. Make the fog go away.
Tabitha: Not on your life, lad. The fog is just getting started, and
it's only going to get better. We've just had a taste of the pain and
suffering that's in store for Harmony. We've still got to get back to Luis
and Sheridan, not to mention Kay, Miguel, and Charity. And then, of
course, there's Ethan and Theresa. I mean, we have got so many more lives
to destroy, Timmy. So fasten your seat belt, lad. Things are only going to
get worse. Much, much worse.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 6/1/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">







<!--
 div.MsoNormal
	{mso-style-parent:"";
	margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	font-size:12.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";
	color:black; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; margin-top:0in}
div.Section1
	{page:Section1;}
span.SpellE
	{}
span.GramE
	{}
-->















Friday 6/1/01






Charity: Miguel? Miguel! Miguel, where are you?
Charity: Oh, God. This can't be happening.
Kay: Miguel, I want this so much.
Miguel: I've never wanted anyone as much as I want you.
Charity: No, Miguel.
Kay: I have waited for this moment forever.
Miguel: I am so sorry that it took me so long to realize you're the only girl
for me, the only girl I was meant to love.
Charity: I don't understand. Miguel loves me, not Kay. I have to find out
what's going on.
Rebecca: Except for a few minor glitches, our plan to break up Luis and
Sheridan is going perfectly.
Julian: Yes, it is, my pet. By the time this night is over, their fairy-tale
romance will have a not-so-happy ending. Sheridan will never forgive Luis when
she catches him in bed with another woman.
Rebecca: Of course, it will be our imposter here wearing the Luis look-alike
mask. Sheridan won't have a clue.
Luis: So are you enjoying our engagement party?
Sheridan: Oh, Luis, this is the happiest night of my life. I feel as if
nothing could go wrong.
Julian: Luis should be leaving for the station house soon. Now, you know what
you have to do.
Man: Yes, your instructions were very clear. When do I get my money?
Julian: You've done well so far. Keep up the good work and, in the morning,
you'll be properly rewarded.
Rebecca: Oh, this is so much fun! I just wish I could see the look on
Sheridan's face when she finds her beloved in the throes of passion with another
woman.
Fake Luis: We could always film the moment, although I do charge extra for
that.
Rebecca: Hmm. Well, unfortunately, Julian won't go for that. We could make so
much money, I mean, just selling the tapes. Every network would want to
broadcast how Sheridan Crane found her lover in bed with Deedee. Oh! It is just
utterly delicious.
Sheridan: I wish you didn't have to go to the station. I'll miss you every
second you're gone.
Luis: Oh, baby. I don't want to leave you, either. But the sooner I go, the
sooner I’ll get back.
Sheridan: Hmm.
Luis: Then we can spend the rest of the night in each other's arms.
Sheridan: Hmm, I like the sound of that.
Theresa: Ooh. Sorry.
Mort: Lady, why don't you just wa--
Theresa: I feel like I’ve been walking in -- circles.
Mort: You're Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald.
Theresa: You're the reporter that exposed Ethan as Sam Bennett's son.
Mort: Yeah. Yeah, so how about answering a couple questions for me, Miss
Lopez Fitzgerald?
Theresa: You're the man who destroyed my fiancé’s life on purpose.
Mort: Hey, that's not fair, lady. Hey, I’m a reporter, remember? The media --
we don't skew the news one way or the other.
Theresa: Now, how can you say that?
Mort: Just think of me as a small-town Edward R Morrow.
Theresa: No. You're a liar.
Ethan: Where have I heard that voice before? You know, it sounds like that
tabloid reporter, the one that broke the story about me not being a Crane. But
who is he talking to?
Mort: I was amazed when I got the e-mail that said Ethan was a Bennett, not a
Crane. I mean, that one little e-mail turned Ethan's world upside down.
Ethan: God, I can't believe this. It is that tabloid reporter, the one that
broke the story about me not being a Crane. What the hell is he doing here?
Mort: Can you imagine the power I felt when that letter was read aloud at the
engagement party? Reporters wait their entire careers for a story like that, and
most never get it.
Ethan: God, I can't believe that jerk is gloating about what he did to me.
But who is he confiding in? It's probably his accomplice. I'll kill them both
right now.
Tabitha: Oh, this is so much fun, Timmy. The fog this brilliant potion
creates really plays tricks with people's minds and wreaks havoc on
relationships.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't like it one bit.
Tabitha: Where did I go wrong in raising you? Pain is what makes the world go
round, doll face. And there's so much of it in store for Sheridan and Luis and
Ethan and Theresa and all the rest of them.
Timmy: Tabby sure has a weird way of getting her kicks.
Tabitha: You haven't seen anything yet. Thanks to the magic potion, the lives
of the good folk in Harmony are going to be wrecked forever. And I don't want to
miss a minute of it. [Tabitha chuckles]
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life
Tabitha: Charity's up next. If you don't want to see her suffer, I suggest
you close your eyes now.
Timmy: Oh, Timmy can't bear to see Charity upset.
Tabitha: Well, it's your loss. The next act of our little show is going to be
a doozy.
Charity: I have to talk to Miguel.
Kay: Even when I heard that you and Charity wanted to get married, I never
gave up hope for us.
Miguel: I am so glad you didn't.
Kay: I knew that if you made love to me just once, you would know that I was
the only one for you.
Miguel: I'm sure of that now.
Kay: I mean, Charity's a nice girl, but that's all she is, Miguel; A girl.
And I'm a woman who can give you everything you need.
Miguel: I love you, Kay. I always will.
Charity: How could you tell Kay you love her? You said you were just friends.
You said that you'd love me forever. Oh, Miguel.
Ethan: You bastard!
Mort: Whoa -- what the hell is going on? Let go of me!
Ethan: You're lucky I don't tear you to pieces!
Gwen: Ethan, what's happening?
Ethan: I knew I recognized his voice! It's that sleazy tabloid reporter, the
one that broke the story about my true paternity. You remember, from the
engagement party, don't you?
Gwen: Of course I remember that awful night. I wanted to comfort you and tell
you that I loved you no matter what your last name was, but you weren't mine to
comfort.
Ethan: Do you know how my life was ruined when I found out that I wasn't a
Crane? Did you find out who sent that e-mail? Did you?
Mort: You get your hands off me, or I’ll slap you with a lawsuit.
Ethan: Yeah? Well, not if you're dead you won’t.
Theresa: No, Ethan! Don't do it!
Ethan: Theresa, what are you doing here?
Sheridan: Well, I hope you won't be gone too long.
Luis: Well, I promise to hurry back, all right?
Sheridan: Good, because I can't bear to be at our engagement party without my
future husband.
Luis: &quot;Husband.&quot; Huh. That has a nice ring to it.
Sheridan: Mm-hmm.
Luis: You're the only woman I’ll ever love.
Sheridan: I am so incredibly lucky to have you.
Luis: No, no, no. I'm the lucky one.
Julian: Well, this is turning out to be a piece of cake. Our friendly cop
packer will do his job, and the rest is up to our happy couple.
Rebecca: Oh, now you two know exactly what to do, right?
Julian: Yes, something tells me that their jobs will come pretty naturally.

Deedee: This is what I call mixing business and pleasure.
Julian: Yes. Ahem. [Noise]
Sheridan: Did you hear that?
Luis: No. I was too focused on you to hear anything.
Sheridan: No, no, no, no. I heard a voice. [Telephone rings]
Sheridan: It must be Luis' phone. The caller I.D. Must be turned off. Should
I answer it? No. What if it's the police station, or the F.B.I.? Hello?
Deedee: Where the hell are you? Are you never going to make some time for me
at this damn party? And when are you going to dump that little spoiled-rotten
debutante bitch to spend some time with me? You promised you would make love to
me tonight.
Sheridan: That's it. That's the voice of the woman I heard on your cell phone
earlier -- the one that I thought you were arguing with.
Luis: Well, I didn't hear it, but I thought we worked that out anyway. The
caller was a wrong number, and I wasn't arguing with any woman, so --
Sheridan: I know, but I have to see who she is.
Miguel: Charity --
Kay: What are you doing here?
Charity: How could you do this to me, Miguel? You said you loved me, and you
lied.
Miguel: I didn't lie. All right, when I said I loved you, I meant it. In a
way, I still do.
Charity: How can you say that after what I just saw?
Miguel: It's hard to explain. I mean, I've always known that I had some
feelings for Kay, but until now I didn't realize they were so strong.
Kay: Trust me, Charity, his feelings are very strong.
Miguel: She just has this effect on me. I mean, everything's so different
tonight.
Kay: Sorry, cousin, but, I mean, your boyfriend's mine now. We have something
that a girl like you could never understand.
Charity: What is she talking about, Miguel?
Miguel: This is really hard for me to say. But I guess it's about sex. You
wouldn't have sex with me. But Kay would.
Kay: You better believe I would.
Charity: Oh, this can't be happening!
Kay: Charity, you have to face reality. Being miss goody-two-shoes is going
to get you nowhere. It's all about sex, sex, sex.
Charity: Oh, my God.
Kay: Sex. Sex.
Charity: This is wrong. This is so wrong!
Kay: Sex. Sex.
Tabitha: Sorry, Charity. This couldn't be more right.
Timmy: But it's only the fog doing this to Charity.
Tabitha: You underestimate the potion, Timmy. Little Mary sunshine has seen
what the future can bring, and it ain't at all pretty.
Sheridan: Julian.
Julian: Well, hello, sister dear. You seem to be in a bit of a rush. Is
something wrong?
Sheridan: Were you just talking to a woman?
Julian: Uh -- why, yes. Rebecca.
Rebecca: Just little old me.
Julian: You seem a bit frazzled. What's the matter?
Tabitha: Ooh! The fake Luis and that little harlot ducked out of sight just
in time. Oh. Can you imagine the fireworks if Luis saw his look-alike holding
the mask of his own face?
Timmy: Timmy guesses Luis wouldn't be very happy.
Tabitha: Oh, that's an understatement, and Julian would have been blown out
of the water, and Sheridan would have turned on her own family. Then she would
have done everything possible to find out what happened to Luis' father, Martin.

Timmy: What did happen to Luis' father?
Tabitha: Oh, you are a nosy little fellow, aren't you? Suffice it to say that
this all would have meant the end of the Crane dynasty.
Timmy: Yikes. Timmy bets Julian would not like that.
Tabitha: Julian better hope his plan works tonight. But, whatever the
outcome, it's all going to be great entertainment for us, isn't it, Timmy?
[Tabitha chuckles]
Sheridan: I heard a woman's voice just now. It was the same one that I heard
on Luis' cell phone earlier, and then I thought I saw him arguing with her.
Julian: I have no idea what you're talking about.
Rebecca: Oh, it's probably just your imagination. You know, the fog has a way
of playing tricks on people.
Julian: In any case, why worry about such silly things on such a wonderful
night?
Rebecca: Oh, Julian is right. I mean, this party is so that you can celebrate
your love.
Julian: Absolutely, and you should be inside with your guests. I do hope you
weren't planning on going anywhere.
Timmy: That Julian is one sneaky one.
Tabitha: You don't know the half of it. I can't wait to see how Julian's
devilish plot works out tonight.
Ethan: Theresa, what are you doing here?
Theresa: Ethan, I can explain.
Ethan: Were you talking to this sleaze ball?
Gwen: It had to be her. She's his accomplice.
Tabitha: What a fascinating web those three weave. Rebecca has told her
daughter Gwen to wait until Ethan and Theresa's wedding day to reveal that the
e-mail came from Theresa's computer. But it looks like our girl Gwen, has run
out of patience.
Timmy: But poor Theresa didn't send the e-mail. Rebecca sent it from
Theresa's computer, and Gwen knew.
Tabitha: Now, don't you start feeling sorry for Theresa. She knew that Ethan
wasn't a Crane and she didn't tell him. Now it's time for her to face the music.

Timmy: Timmy doesn't know if he can watch.
Mort: Kill me. My obit will be on the front page of every newspaper around
the world, next to the story of your arrest.
Ethan: I have more important things to worry about than you. Why are you
here, Theresa?
Gwen: Isn't it obvious? She's guilty. She's the person that you've been
looking for.
Theresa: Me?
Charity: I don't understand any of this, Miguel. You said that you loved me.
You said that you wanted to grow old with me and spend the rest of your life
with me.
Miguel: I'm sorry.
Charity: You said that you couldn't wait until we were 18 so we could get
married and start a family, and now you're willing to give all of that up just
for sex?
Timmy: Poor Charity. Hecuba's potion's caused her so much pain.
Tabitha: Oh, I know. Isn't it wonderful?
Timmy: Don't cry, Charity. Don't cry!
Tabitha: Knock it off, Timmy. Let's not forget that we have to break those
two young lovers up. If Miguel and Charity make love, she'll come into her full
powers, and then you and I will be destroyed. Oh, no, the more pain, the better.

Miguel: I never meant it to end like this, Charity. I just didn't realize
Kay's effect on me.
Kay: It's true. Miguel can't help how he feels.
Miguel: Believe me, I would take it all back if I could, if I thought it
would do any good, but I can't help how I feel. I can't stay away from her. I
need her.
Kay: Sorry, Charity. I mean, you win some, you lose some.
Charity: This can't be happening!
Kay: Charity, this is happening. This isn't one of your silly premonitions.
This is real. Miguel is mine, he is all mine.
Julian: The party is in full swing. I do hope the guests of honour aren't
going anywhere.
Rebecca's voice: Oh, Julian, you are playing them perfectly. They'll never
know you're dying for Luis to leave.
Luis: Actually, I got a call from the police station. Evidently, they have
something for me to do.
Julian: What, during your own engagement party? Surely it can wait till
tomorrow.
Rebecca's voice: Ooh, you're good. A little reverse psychology never hurts.

Sheridan: Unfortunately, it has to be done right away.
Julian: Oh.
Sheridan: Luis promised that he won't be long.
Luis: That's right. Then I’m going to be back in my baby's arms.
Julian: Well, before you go, I would like to say something to you.
Luis: What's that?
Julian: I know you've had your doubts about Alistair and me throwing this
engagement party, and frankly, I don't blame you, considering our rocky history,
but we're going to be family soon, and I do hope we can all start over.
Sheridan: Nothing would make me happier. It means so much to me that you and
Father have thrown us this party, that you're finally accepting our
relationship. I hope that this can be a start of something new for all of us.

Rebecca: Oh, I can guarantee you that after tonight nothing will ever be the
same again.
Luis: Yeah. Look, I'll be honest with you, Julian. I didn't want you to throw
us this party. I was sure you were up to something. But heck, I guess I was
wrong since nothing bad has happened tonight, so --
Julian: Well, just so much water under the bridge. In fact, when you get
back, I'm going to toast your engagement.
Sheridan: This night is turning out to be perfect.
Rebecca: Oh, and I just have a feeling it is only going to get better.
Luis: Well, I'll see you soon, Sweetheart.
Sheridan: OK.
Sheridan: Hurry back, Luis. Hurry back.
Ethan: Is Gwen right? Are you talking to the reporter?
Gwen: Of course I'm right. She's his accomplice.
Theresa: Ethan, this is me you're talking to. Of course I am not his
accomplice. I love you.
Ethan: But then why are you here?
Theresa: Ethan, I was just looking for the love square, you know, like we all
were. And somehow I just -- I ran into the reporter, and I was only talking to
him because I thought that he would tell me who sent the e-mail. I was trying to
help you.
Gwen: Oh, give me a break.
Ethan: Theresa, I want to believe you, but something doesn't feel right. Now,
other than the engagement party, was there any other time you had contact with
the reporter?
Theresa: No. I swear to you, I have never seen that man.
Gwen: I don't know. We heard you talking, and you sounded pretty chummy.
Theresa: Like I said, I was trying to get information.
Gwen: Hmm. Well, if that's true, then why would he be talking to Ethan's
fiancée, of all people, about the pleasure he got in turning Ethan's life upside
down?
Ethan: I don't understand. Why would he be gloating to you?
Theresa: Ethan, listen to me. You know, he was bragging, but I just went
along with him, hoping that he would say more.
Gwen: Oh, please, Theresa. Why don't you just admit you're the person who
sent the e-mail?
Ethan: Is that true? Are you the one who ruined my life?
Singer: You are my passion for life…
Ethan: I love you, Theresa. But I just want to know the truth. Did you send
that e-mail?
Theresa: Of course not, Ethan. Why would I do that to you?
Gwen: Well, for starters, maybe you were afraid the Cranes wouldn't let Ethan
marry the housekeeper's daughter, so you did everything you could to expose the
fact that Ethan is not a Crane.
Theresa: That's not true, Gwen. I know that Ethan and I are destined to be
together, that nothing could stop us from being married.
Ethan: All right, look, we can find this out right now. Now, have you found
out who sent that e-mail? Because if you did, I demand you tell us.
Mort: I'm not telling you a damn thing.
Ethan: All right. Look, Theresa, just tell me the truth. Just tell me once
more, and I'll believe you. Now, did you send that e-mail?
Theresa: Ethan, I swear to you on everything that is sacred, I did not send
that e-mail. I would never do anything to intentionally hurt you.
Gwen: Tell me something, Theresa. Would you ever lie to Ethan?
Theresa: No, never.
Gwen: Then tell him the truth. Did you know Ethan was a Bennett before he
found out the night of the engagement party?
Theresa: Chief Bennett. What does he have to do with Ethan?
Theresa: Chief Bennett when he was younger; &quot;Ethan's father.&quot; Well, that
doesn't make any sense. I mean, Ethan is Julian Crane's son. Oh, my God. Julian
Crane isn't Ethan's father. Chief Bennett is. Ethan is Sam Bennett's son.
Theresa: No. I didn't know that Ethan was a Bennett.
Tabitha: That's an impressive performance, Gwen, dear. You're building your
case, waiting for just the right moment to expose Theresa. Your mother's right
-- Theresa's wedding day will be the perfect occasion to drop the bomb.
Timmy: Oh, no. Timmy loves weddings.
Tabitha: Tough cookies, lad. Theresa dug her own grave this time, and her big
mistake was lying to Ethan point-blank. He'll never forgive her for that.
Timmy: This fog is sure ruining a lot of relationships.
Tabitha: I know, Tim, Tim. Isn't it grand? [Tabitha chuckles]
Julian: Now, you know what you have to do. Before you go in the house, you
make sure you park the car under the lamp post because our whole plan depends
upon Sheridan seeing that car.
Fake Luis: Got it.
Julian: All right, and don't forget to put your tuxedo jacket on the front
seat. Once Sheridan sees that, she'll be sure it's Luis' car.
Fake Luis: I didn't let you down last time we split up Luis and Sheridan, and
I won't this time.
Julian: That's exactly what I wanted to hear. Now you two kids run along and
have fun.
Deedee: Oh, we certainly will.
Julian: By the time this night is over, Luis and Sheridan's love story will
have reached its final chapter.
Kay: Miguel is mine. He's all mine. And he's going to be mine, forever,
Charity: He's mine. He's mine. Miguel is mine.
Charity: Where did they go?
Kay: Charity, is something wrong? You look upset.
Charity: Of course something's wrong. Everything is wrong.
Kay: What's going on?
Miguel: Charity, there you are.
Charity: Of course I'm here, Miguel. I've been here. I saw the two of you
here together.
Miguel: Charity, we weren't here. We've been looking all over the place for
you, and I heard your voice, but I couldn't find you.
Charity: You're lying, Miguel. Stop lying to me.
Miguel: Charity, you must be confused. I mean, you know that I would never
lie to you.
Charity: No. I know you're lying to me. Stop right now. And I know the two of
you are in love with each other.
Charity: I can't stand both of you lying to me right now. I saw the two of
you in each other's arms kissing.
Kay: You're wrong, Charity. We weren't here.
Miguel: And we certainly weren't kissing.
Kay's voice: But it won't be long before we will be.
Charity: I don't understand.
Miguel: Look, there has got to be some explanation for this.
Kay's voice: Oh, there's an explanation. Charity's having another psychic
vibe, and this time it's going to come true.
Miguel: That's it. You must have seen this statue and then your mind started
playing tricks on you. You're probably just tired.
Charity: Then you really love me?
Miguel: Yes. I love you and only you, and I'm going to love you every day for
the rest of our lives.
Timmy: Hooray! Charity's going to be ok!
Tabitha: That's what you think. The seeds of doubt have now been planted in
Blondie’s mind, and once they sprout, her worst fears will come true. Now, let's
see what's cooking with Ethan and Theresa. I wonder if Ethan will believe his
fiancée or if the seeds of doubt have been planted in his mind, too, mm-hmm.
Let's take a look, shall we, Timmy?
Ethan: Sweetheart -- God, you're shaking. I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I upset
you.
Theresa: No, it's ok, as long as you believe that I did not send that e-mail.

Ethan: I do. I do. I don't know what happened. I mean, I guess I just got
confused when I saw you with the reporter. You know, and since you're not going
to tell us who sent that e-mail, I suggest you get the hell out of here.
Mort: You can't kick me off Crane property anymore. Need I remind you you're
no longer a Crane?
Ethan: No, my father may not be Julian Crane, but he is Sam Bennett, the
chief of police. Now, get the hell out of here.
Ethan: Are you ok?
Theresa: Yes, as long as we're together.
Gwen's voice: Sorry, Theresa, but you and Ethan won't be together for long.

Julian: I must say, Sheridan, I'm getting to like that fiancé of yours. I can
understand why you fell in love with him.
Sheridan: Julian, it means so much to hear you say that.
Julian: Well, I just want what's best for my sister. I was sceptical at
first, but now I'm sure Luis is the one for you.
Rebecca's voice: You practically have me fooled, Julian.
Sheridan: I'm so glad you feel that way. Luis is a wonderful man.
Julian: Yes -- oh, I hope he's also a wonderful driver. I noticed the fog was
getting rather thick out there. I'm sure an experienced police officer like Luis
will have no problems.
Sheridan: Well, yes. Luis is an excellent driver. You know, I think I'm going
to call the station, though, just to make sure.
Packer: Harmony P.D., Officer Packer speaking.
Sheridan: Hello. This is Sheridan Crane. Is Luis Lopez Fitzgerald there?
Packer: I'm sorry, but Luis isn't here.
Sheridan: Are you sure? Someone called him down to the station. He should
have arrived by now.
Packer: He's definitely not here, and I have no idea who called him.
Sheridan: Ok, well, please just tell him I called. That's strange. Luis isn't
there yet.
Julian: Yes, well, that is odd. Are you sure he received a call from the
station?
Sheridan: Yes. But the officer that I spoke to said that he doesn't know who
called him.
Julian: Well, there must be some logical explanation.
Sheridan: Maybe he had an accident.
Julian: Oh, darling, don't get upset. I'm sure he's just driving slowly
because of the fog.
Rebecca: Oh, Julian's right. I'm sure there is no need to worry.
Sheridan: Well, I can't help it.
Julian: Well, but -- but -- everything's going according to plan.
Fake Luis: All set. The car is parked under the street lamp just like Mr
Crane instructed. Sheridan will see the jacket on the seat and she'll be
convinced it's Luis' car. So far we've followed Mr Crane's directions perfectly.

Deedee: And now for the fun part. You are going to use a Luis voice in the
bedroom, aren't you?
Fake Luis: Of course.
Deedee: Good, because I can just imagine doing all kind of naughty things
with Officer Lopez Fitzgerald.
Fake Luis: Not a bad way to make a living. Too bad, after tonight, Mr Crane
won't be needing us again.
Ethan: I never really doubted you. I just -- I got carried away when I saw
you with that reporter.
Theresa: The way you were looking at me -- I thought I'd lost you.
Ethan: No, no. You could never lose me. No, we just got carried away. Isn't
that right, Gwen?
Gwen: Yep, if you say so.
Ethan: Look, you know, it just must be the fog. It has a strange effect on
us, you know? Like the Santa Ana winds in California. They say it affects people
in strange ways.
Theresa: Really?
Ethan: Absolutely. I know you would never lie to me.
Gwen's voice: You couldn't be more wrong, Ethan. Tonight your sweet little
fiancée lied straight to your face.
Timmy: Hecuba's potion might not be as strong as you thought, Tabby. Ethan
and Theresa aren't in pain. They're in love.
Tabitha: Hmm. You've got a lot to learn, Timmy. Theresa's lie is going to
cause more misery than you could ever imagine.
Charity: So you really just love me and only me?
Miguel: I love you with all my heart, and I don't know how you could ever
doubt that.
Charity: I don't know. I guess the fog is just playing tricks on my mind.
Miguel: Come on.
Kay: It's not the fog, cousin dear. Your little glimpse of future; Miguel's
going to be mine forever.
Sheridan: Maybe I shouldn't drive to the police station. It'll make Luis
crazy if I worry about him every time he's late. But something is just not
right. Why isn't he there yet? And what was that strange phone call all about?

Deedee: Damn it, you promised you would make love to me tonight, that you
would make some time for me. I hate this party and I hate being alone. Now, come
make love to me like you promised.
Sheridan: Something is definitely off. I'll just go to the station this one
time. I have to make sure Luis is ok.
Julian: Yes, I was brilliant tonight, even if I do say so myself.
Rebecca: Yes, you did give a wonderful performance. You know, you could give
lessons on how to break up a happy couple in 10 easy steps.
Julian: I just hope Father saw my stupendous work. Oh, wait. There's one more
thing I have to do.
Rebecca: What is it?
Julian: Just a little icing on the cake. Follow me.
Fake Luis: Guess it's time to put this on.
Deedee: You're a dead ringer for Luis. Well, I guess we'd better start
earning our money, huh?
Fake Luis: You got that right. If all goes according to plan, Sheridan should
be here any minute now.
Deedee: And when she gets here, she's going to be in for the shock of her
life.
Tabitha: Oh, I'd give anything for some popcorn, Timmy.
Timmy: Why would Tabby want popcorn at a time like this?
Tabitha: Because this is just like going to the movies. Of course, you know
that Indiana Jones will save the day and James bond will get the girl, but you
just don't know how it's going to happen.
Timmy: You lost Timmy.
Tabitha: Oh, try to stay with it, doll face. You see, I kind of know how our
little movie ends, and I'm fascinated to see how we get there.
Timmy: Well, one thing's for sure -- it's going to be one hell of a ride.












 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!








  Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 6/4/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">


















Monday 6/4/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Timmy: Where'd everybody go? Timmy can't see anyone.
Tabitha: I'll get some more of Hecuba’s magic dust.
Timmy: Timmy feels bad about releasing that fog. 3rd rod Let's see what
misery the fog is causing now.
T.C.: Julian! Julian!
Timmy: Boy, does T.C. look mad.
Tabitha: As well he should. Now he finally thinks he knows that it was
Julian who ended his tennis career.

T.C.: Open up, Julian! It's payback time!&nbsp;Man: Look inside. Look and
see who robbed us of our dream. See who's responsible for destroying your
life.
T.C.: I knew it. I knew that you were behind this! And now I have the
proof, pop. Now I have the proof I’ve been searching for. You're a dead
man, Julian! I want to kill you for what you've done to me.
Tabitha: Oh, T.C.'S out for blood -- Julian's blood.
Timmy: Change the channel, please, tabby. Change the channel. Timmy
can't watch T.C. Kill Julian.
Tabitha: Oh, you are a big baby, Timmy. All right, I’ll tune in and see
what's happening with T.C.'S wife. The fog caused eve to find out what
really happened that day in the hospital when she was told her baby had
died.
Eve: It was all so real, Grace. I was in the garden, and suddenly it
was as if I'd traveled back in time to the hospital where I gave birth to
Julian's son. And I held him in my arms, and he was fine. He was strong
and healthy. And then the nurse -- she came to put him in the nursery, and
then something terrible happened. Oh, my sweet darling. Oh, you are such a
beautiful boy. Yes, you are. And you're all right. Oh, my baby is fine.
Eve: Julian? Is that you? Who are you? Who are you? What are you doing?
Stop it! No! Please, somebody! Help! He's taking my baby! No! My baby! My
baby! No! I couldn't see the man's face, but he stole my baby. My baby
didn't die, Grace. He was kidnapped.
Grace: No, sweetheart. It was just a bad dream. Eve: Was it?
Grace: I found you unconscious near a garden statue of a woman holding
her baby. You must have fell, hit your head, been knocked out. That's why
you dreamed about your baby. But what I saw -- it was all too real.
Sam: I love you. I'll always love you, Ivy.
Grace: I've lost him, Eve. I've lost Sam.Julian: Sheridan? Now, please, don't drive in this fog. It's too
dangerous.
Sheridan: I have to find out why Luis isn't at police headquarters. I
mean, he's had plenty of time to drive into town, but when I called the
station, they said that he wasn't there and that no one had called him in.

Rebecca: Well, that is odd. I mean, especially after that strange phone
call Luis got earlier.
Deedee: Are you never going to make some time for me at this damn
party? And when are you going to dump that little spoiled rotten debutante
bitch to spend some time with me? You promised you would make love to me
tonight.

Rebecca: Where could Luis be?
Sheridan: Well, I have to find him no matter where he is. [Noise]
Fake
Luis: Hey, was that a car door slamming?
Deedee: I didn't hear anything.
Fake Luis: Shh. Damn it. Sheridan better get here soon. I can hardly
breathe in this mask.
Deedee: Yeah, right. What Julian Crane must be paying you, you can deal
with it, ok?
Fake Luis: Yeah, ok. You just don't louse things up, all
right? Sheridan's supposed to believe that her true-blue fiancé, Luis, is
rolling around the sheets with you.
Deedee: Don't you worry. I will make Sheridan a true believer, ok? Now,
did you park the Luis look-alike car where you were supposed to, where
Sheridan will see it?
Fake Luis: Yeah, it's outside under the streetlight. Sheridan's got to
pass this way on her way into town. There's no way she can miss it.
Luis: Ok, packer, what's the big emergency?
Ofc. Packer: The mayor's office wants a report on that case you worked
on.
Luis: That couldn't have waited till tomorrow?
Ofc. Packer: I know you were at your engagement party.&nbsp;Luis: That's ok.
His honor will have it in no time. Anyone else call?
Ofc. Packer: Harmony P.D., Officer Packer speaking.
Sheridan: Hello, this is Sheridan Crane. Is Luis Lopez Fitzgerald
there?
Ofc. Packer: I'm sorry, but Luis isn't here. No, Luis. Nobody called.
Luis: I thought Sheridan would've called to see if I made it through
the fog. You know, up by the Cranes, the fog was so thick. As soon as I
got into town, it just cleared right up. It's funny.
Ofc. Packer: The report, Luis.
Luis: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I'm going to have this thing knocked out in no
time, and then I’ll be right back at that party.
Sheridan: Don't worry. I'll drive carefully.
Julian: Sheridan, please, don't go.
Sheridan: But I have to make sure Luis is all right.
Julian: Well, if you won't reconsider, at least turn back if the fog
gets any thicker.
Sheridan: I'll be fine.
Rebecca: That's what she thinks. Why were you trying to keep Sheridan
from leaving? Our whole plan depends on her seeing Luis' car outside Deedee's house.
Julian: Well, I know, Becks. But I also know my sister. She never
listens to a word I say. Now I'm on record pleading with her not to go.
Rebecca: Oh. You were acting.
Julian: A most convincing performance, if I do say so myself. Now no
one can possibly think that I had anything to do with what happens next.
You see, Sheridan can't miss seeing what appears to be Luis' car parked in
front of Deedee's house because Deedee lives on the coast road, which is the only way into town from
here. She'll stop, see if Luis is all right, and in doing so will catch
Luis in bed with la Deedee.
Rebecca: Hmm, what I would have given to be in the sack with that hunk.

Julian: I know my sister. She'll feel so betrayed she'll never want to
see Luis again. You know, the mayor himself called for that report from
Luis, and I paid Ofc. Packer quite handsomely to keep my would-be
brother-in-law at the station long enough for Sheridan to catch her
dreamboat docking with another woman. Just think -- in a short while, Luis
and Sheridan will be torn asunder, and we won't have their blood on our
hands.
Timmy: Julian is so mean to his sister.
Tabitha: Well, that's hardly news, lad. Everyone knows that Alistair
and Julian Crane are snakes. Oh, how I hate those two. The Cranes always
destroy lives and seem to get away with it, but when I destroy lives, I
wind up getting burned at the stake. It's not fair, Timmy. It's really not
fair. Well, anyway, tonight Julian is finally going to pay for all the
dastardly things he's done.
T.C.: I'm going to get you, Julian. Sooner or later, I’m going to get
you!
Ivy: T.C., What's happened?
T.C.: Where the hell is Julian?
Ivy: I don't know. I was just coming down from my bedroom.
T.C.: Yeah, I just saw you take Sam upstairs. Ivy, you're working
overtime to break up his marriage to Grace, aren't you?
Ivy: That's not true. I've done no such thing. If anything, Grace is
pushing Sam on me. All I've done is remind Sam of what we had so he knows
that he never stopped loving me.
T.C.: Bull. You're about as bad as that pig you're married to. Both of
you would do anything to get what you want. But when I find Julian, I'm
going to get what I want. I'm going to get revenge, Ivy. I'm going to kill
Julian, and I'm going to kill him with these hands. Now get out of my way.

Ivy: T.C. -- Wait a minute. If T.C. Kills Julian, then I’ll be a widow,
free to marry Sam.
Sam: Ivy, have you seen T.C.?
Sam: Look, I've been looking for T.C. All over the place. Have you seen
him or not?
Ivy: No, I haven’t.
Sam: Well, he must have been here. Everything's been swept off of
Julian's bar.
Ivy: So it has.
Sam: Found T.C. On the garden earlier, choking a statue.
Ivy: What?
Sam: Ranting at how he wants to kill Julian.
Ivy: How horrible.
Sam: Now I have to find T.C. Before he finds Julian and makes good on
his threat.
Ivy: Wait, Sam. I'm sure T.C. Would've calmed down by now. But Grace --
that's another matter. I had no idea she was coming to the party, much
less going to walk in on us kissing.
Sam: I know. I'd have given anything for Grace not to have seen that.
Now, I’ve got to find her and tell her our kiss meant nothing.
Ivy: Sam, that's not true. That kiss meant everything. It was pure and
true and full of passion.
Sam: No.
Ivy: Yes, Sam. You kissed me the way you kissed me when we were young
and so in love. Your feelings haven't changed, Sam. You still love me.
Sam: No, I don't still love you, Ivy.
Ivy: Then why did you kiss me the way that you kissed me?
Sam: It's crazy, but for a minute, I saw you the way you were when you
were younger. I got caught up in a memory, but that's all it was, was a
memory. Now I have to find T.C., And then I have to make sure that Grace
is all right.
Timmy: That fiendish fog is playing tricks on everyone.
Tabitha: Isn't it wonderful? Because of the fog, Sam has been drawn
back to the Ivy that he once loved with all his heart.
Grace: Sam was kissing Ivy, and it was all my fault. I sent my husband
into her arms.
Eve: Sweetie, you just wanted him to have closure with Ivy. You just
wanted him to resolve his feelings for her.
Grace: And instead, I'm afraid he's rekindled his love for her.
Eve: No, see, you don't know that because Ivy could have very well
manipulated Sam into that kiss that you saw.
Grace: I don't know what to think anymore, eve! Sam promised he would
come back to me tonight, that he would spend time with Ivy like I asked
him to, and then -- then we'd go to dinner. And -- oh, I -- I don't know
what the future has for us, eve. He might never come back to me. My
marriage might be over.
Eve: Don't you say that, Grace.
Grace: But it's true. Lies destroyed my marriage, eve. Lies are going
to destroy your marriage, too. You tell T.C. The truth about your past
with Julian. You tell him that you loved him and that you had his child.
You should tell T.C. The truth before he finds out about it from anyone
else.[Telephone rings]
Luis: That's going to be Sheridan right there. Hello, beautiful. Ahem
-- no, no, I'm sorry, Mr. Mayor. Yeah, you know, I'm actually working on
it right now. Yeah. I'll fax it over to you real soon. Ok.
Ofc. Packer: Are you really that close to finishing?
Luis: Oh, yeah. I just got to -- just got to add this perp's last
arrest.
Ofc. Packer: Oh!
Luis: Oh, no!
Ofc. Packer: Oh, man, I’m sorry. Here you are. I can't believe how
clumsy I am, man.
Luis: It's ok. It was an accident. Look, just call the mayor and tell
him this report's not going to be ready for a while longer, all right?
I'll call Sheridan and tell her I'm not going to be at the party right
away.
[Telephone rings]
Fake Luis: Hello?
Julian: Is everything set?
Fake Luis: Yes, sir, Mr. Crane. The car is outside, parked under the
streetlight just like you wanted it.
Julian: Excellent. Sheridan should be there any minute. Now, make sure
this tryst looks real.
Fake Luis: Oh, yeah, it will. When Sheridan walks in and sees me and
Deedee going at it, it's going to blow her mind.
Sheridan: That's odd. The fog was so thick when I left the mansion. Now
it's almost gone even though I’m right on the coast. That looks like Luis'
car.
Eve: Grace, you know that I don't like keeping secrets from T.C., And I
have tried to tell him the truth several times, but it's just wishful
thinking on my part. Because if T.C. Were to find out that Julian and I
had been lovers and that we had a son together, he would finish what he
started in the hospital that day. He would kill Julian.
Sam: T.C.? T.C.?
Grace: Sounds like Sam.
Eve: Sam? Is that you?
Sam: Eve? Oh, yeah. Grace, I’m glad you're still here. Look, I want to
explain what you saw when you walked in on Ivy and me kissing, but right
now's not the time. I have to find T.C.
Eve: T.C.? Why? What happened?
Sam: I don't want to alarm you, but I found T.C. Earlier in the garden,
trying to choke a statue.
Eve: What?
Sam: He thought it was Julian.
Eve: Well -- oh, God. Did he say why he
wants to kill Julian?
Sam: I really can't say.
Eve: Well, then we'd better find T.C. Before
T.C. Finds Julian.
Sam: Well, it's best if we split up, you know, and search the house and
the grounds, all right? If you find Julian first, you tell him to hide.
Despite what you saw earlier tonight, I love you and only you.
Eve: You
believe him, Grace. Sam loves you, not Ivy. And meanwhile, all my worst
fears are coming true. Earlier, I found T.C. Listening to a tape Julian
had of me singing from my nightclub days. He didn't realize it was me
then, but if he did later --
Tabitha: Things are heating up, Timmy.
Grace: Ivy, what do you want besides my husband?
Ivy: I wanted to say I'm sorry that you walked in on Sam kissing me.
Grace: Oh, please. You got exactly what you wanted. My being there was
just icing on the cake.
Timmy: Are Grace and Ivy going to duke it out over Sam?
Tabitha: Well, I'd love to say, "tune in to see," but we have to keep
our tabs on what other mischief the fog has caused. It's quite clear that
T.C. Hasn't found Julian yet. Let's check in and see how Julian and
Rebecca’s devious little game is going.
Julian: Oh. I'd say that our Luis imposter and
Deedee are being paid a small fortune to carry off this ruse. They'd
better come through because if we fail in separating Luis and Sheridan,
I’m going to have to kill my sister, and I really don't want to have to
kill my own sister.
Rebecca: And nor do I.
Julian: But you heard father -- if all else fails, and we don't kill
Sheridan, father will have someone kill us.
Rebecca: Don't worry. Everything is going according to plan. We are not
going to kill anyone, and no one is going to kill us.
T.C.: You bastard!
Julian: T.C., What do you want?
T.C.: I want you dead, and I'm going to kill you.
Rebecca: Oh, stop it! Stop it! Just get your hands off my pookie! Oh!
Timmy: This is just what Timmy didn't want to see. T.C.'S going to kill
Julian.
Tabitha: Oh, isn't it glorious, Timmy? Soon there's going to be one
less Crane in the world.
Rebecca: Oh! Oh!
Sheridan: That looks like Luis' car. What would it be doing here?
Fake
Luis: Sheridan. She's here.
Deedee: That's our cue.
Deedee: Let's get out of here.
Sheridan: This is the only house around here. And if that's Luis' car,
		then he must be inside. Only one way to find out.
Ivy: No, Grace, I won't deny that I want Sam back. I've never stopped
loving him. Never. And it's clear now that he still loves me. We have
Ethan, a future. We can be the family we were always meant to be. I'm
sorry, but that's just the way things are.
Grace: You're forgetting something, Ivy. Sam is still married to me.
Ivy: No, Grace, I haven't forgotten. But the fact is he won't be
married to you for long. So why don't you just bow out Gracefully and let
Sam and me be the way we were meant to be.
Julian: You --
Rebecca: Stop it! You're killing him!
T.C.: Die, bastard! You die! Man: Make him pay with his life. Julian
Crane must die, and you must be the one who kills him.
T.C.: No, pop, I can't do that. Man: You can and you will. You will
kill Julian Crane.
T.C.: You don't deserve to live.
Rebecca: Oh, T.C., No! Ah!
T.C.: I'm going to make you pay for everything you did to me, to my
pops. I'm going to kill you, Julian!
Rebecca: Help, someone, please! T.C. Is trying to kill Julian!
Sam: T.C., Let him go! Let him go!
T.C.: Get off me! Eve: T.C., No! Don't you kill Julian! Please, the
girls and I can't live without you!
Sam: T.C., Come on. Get off!
Rebecca: Oh, pookie! Oh.
T.C.: I have to kill Julian. Pops said I have to kill Julian.
Sam: T.C.'S in some kind of a trance. Eve, the water. Throw it on him.
T.C.?
Luis: Well, the keyboard's working again. Now all I got to do is dry
these files enough so I can read what I wrote.
Ofc. Packer: I'm really sorry, Luis. I know you're in a hurry to get
back to your engagement party. Your fiancée must be going nuts.
Luis: It's ok. She knows I had to leave to go on police business. It's
not going to be easy for her being married to a cop. I mean, a lot of
nights apart. It's a good thing our love's so strong. It's going to carry
us through the toughest of times.
Fake Luis: Ok, showtime.
[Deedee laughs]
Sheridan: This is the Same model and make of Luis' car. I don't know
his license plate number. Why would he stop here? Tuxedo jacket. This has
to be Luis' car. What's he doing here? Luis? Luis? [Music plays] [Deedee
laughs]
Deedee: Stop.
Sheridan: Voices.
Deedee: Come here, big boy.
Sheridan: Music.
Fake Luis: Yeah. [Growls]
Sheridan: Luis must have stopped here on police business before going
to the station.
Deedee:: You're such a tiger.
Ivy: Your marriage is over, Grace, and you know it. Sam has never
stopped loving me. Our past -- it was magical and it was passionate. And
the more Sam remembers that, the sooner he'll be mine again forever.
Grace: You talk about love as if you know what it is.
Ivy: Oh, I do.
Grace: Really? Well, you've admitted yourself there was never any real
love in your marriage. I've know real love, Ivy -- Sam's love. I'm the one
he holds in his arms, not you. I'm the one that he makes love to, not you.
It kills you that Sam moved on after you married Julian, that he fell in
love and he married me.
Ivy: Grace, he married you on the rebound. Deep in his heart, deep in
his soul, Sam has never stopped loving me.
Grace: No.
Ivy: You saw us tonight, Grace. You saw the love between us. You saw
the way he kissed me.
Grace: I know what I saw. That is something Sam and I are going to talk
about. I am not going to discuss my life, my husband, or our future with
you.
Ivy: But you have no future with Sam, Grace. And maybe I haven't had
real passion in my marriage, but I had it tonight with Sam. And if I’m a
widow again, thanks to T.C., I'll be free. I'll be free, and there will be
no reason why Sam and I can't be together.
Sam: Sorry about the water, T.C., But I couldn't think of any other way
to snap you out of it.
T.C.: Out of what? Eve: You seemed to be in some kind of a trance,
honey.
Rebecca: A trance? My foot. It was more like a murderous rage. I mean,
if Sam hadn't come in when he did, T.C. Would have killed Julian.
T.C.: What?
Rebecca: Well, you kept saying he didn't deserve to live.
Julian: You rushed in here and attacked me like a crazed pit bull, you
freaking madman.
T.C.: I remember now.
Rebecca: Oh, let's get you some air, pookie. Oh, and just a word of
warning, T.C. -- An insanity plea won't work.
Eve: Honey, what happened? What made you try to kill Julian?
T.C.: Sweetheart, I was out in the garden earlier, and all of a sudden
my father appeared to me in the fog. I know my father's been dead for
years, but it was like he was right beside me. Pops made me relive what
happened in my past.
Eve: What do you mean?
T.C.: It had to do with my tennis career. It was when I had to bow out
of the championship that Julian went on to win. I wanted to kill Julian
for that.
Eve: The fog must have played tricks on your mind. It happened to me,
too.
T.C.: Really? So what did you imagine?
Eve: Oh, it's my baby. Oh, I
know it. That really is my baby. Oh, it was silly, T.C. Nothing like what
you imagined.
Sam: Come on, T.C. Let's get you out of here.
Deedee: You're a tiger. You're such a tiger. Fake Luis: Deedee, get
over here.
Sheridan: Wine, lit cigarette. And I hear voices -- a man and woman’s.
But it can't be Luis. Maybe he has the house under surveillance.&nbsp;[Deedee laughs]
Sheridan: Luis?
Deedee:: You're having --
Fake Luis: I'm going to get you.
Deedee:: You're having way too much fun, aren't you?
Sheridan: I wonder if he's in some kind of danger inside.
Grace: Do you think that T.C. Found out about your past with Julian and
that's why he tried to kill him?
Eve: Oh, no, no. T.C.'S anger didn't have
anything to do with me, thank God. No, he was reliving part of his past
with Julian, and it made him so angry it was like he was possessed. Which
is why I can't tell T.C. That I once had an affair with Julian. I mean,
T.C. Would kill Julian for sure.
T.C.: I didn't tell eve everything that happened to me tonight when my
father appeared to me. He made me relive the accident that ended my tennis
career. I actually saw Julian in the car that broadsided me.
Sam: T.C., Come on. It was just your imagination. You couldn't have
seen your father or what happened that night.
T.C.: Sam, logically, you're right. But my father -- he was here
tonight, man. Not only did he make me relive the accident, he also told me
that Julian did something else to me and my family in the past. But what,
Sam? I mean, what could it be?
Rebecca: Oh, my poor pookie. Oh, he's just so tense.
Julian: Do you blame me?
Rebecca: No. Oh. No, not at all. I mean, it's bad enough having to wait
to see if our plan to break up Luis and Sheridan has worked. And then to
have a near-death experience on top of that -- well, that's just too much
even for a manly man like you.
Julian: Thank God you understand me. Father certainly wouldn’t.
Rebecca: Oh, well, don't you think about Alistair right now. You just
relax and enjoy your brandy. And, oh, you'll stop shaking in no time.
Julian: Thank God T.C. Didn't get to the good stuff. Who are you
calling?
Rebecca: Well, the police, of course. T.C. Should be arrested for what
he did to you, and it's obvious his friend chief Bennett isn't going to do
anything.
Julian: No!
Rebecca: What? He tried to kill you.
Julian: Ah, yes, but in this case, it's better to let rabid dogs lie.
Rebecca: My. You do have your secrets, don't you? Well, don't worry. I
won't try to pursue them now. You just relax. I'm going to go freshen up a
little bit.
Julian: Thank you for being so understanding.
Ivy: Oh! Oh, did he kill him yet?
Rebecca: What?
Ivy: Did T.C. Kill Julian?
Rebecca: No. Sam and eve managed to stop him.
Ivy: Well, this time at least.
Rebecca: Ivy, could you be any more cold-hearted?
Ivy: I'm just saying that Julian could be a marked man. And whatever
drove T.C. To try to kill Julian tonight -- well, it could happen again.
And if T.C. Kills Julian, I'll be his widow. His very, very rich widow.
Oh, that's right, becks. You could be divorcing Jonathan only to end up
with nothing. But I -- I will be rich and free to marry Sam.
Ofc. Packer: Sheridan's really beautiful.
Luis: Yeah, I'm the luckiest guy in the world.
Ofc. Packer: It's really something, you being engaged to a Crane.
Luis: Yeah. Sheridan's family did try to break us up, but they threw in
the towel once they realized there was nothing they can do. Well, that
should do it. I've just got to finish sending this fax over to the mayor,
and I'm heading back to the party. You know, packer, tonight's going to be
one night Sheridan and I are never going to forget.
Sheridan: Luis? What if Luis stopped to investigate a crime and was
taken hostage?
Fake Luis: She's in the hall. This is it.
Deedee: Oh. Oh, Luis. Oh.
Sheridan: Luis? Are you in there?
Deedee: More. Don't stop. Oh, yes. Don't stop.
Deedee: Oh, yes.












 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!








  Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 6/5/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">




















Tuesday 6/5/01







			Proofread by  Elissia
[Ivy hums]
Pilar: What on earth are you doing up here? The last guests just left
wondering where you had disappeared to.
Ivy: Something's come up. I have a funeral to plan.
Pilar: Excuse me?
Ivy: Didn't you hear? T.C. Russell almost strangled Julian to death.
Pilar: Oh, my God.
Ivy: Unfortunately Sam stopped him before the deed was done. But
hopefully T.C. Will try again in the very near future, and this time he
won't be so rudely interrupted.
Pilar: How could you say such a thing?
Ivy: Well, why shouldn't I if it's the way I feel? Think about it,
Pilar. If Julian is killed, then, as his wife, I will inherit everything.
Rebecca won't get a dime. Ethan can move back into the mansion -- with
Theresa. So stop looking so disapprovingly and help me pick out my widow's
weeds. Ooh.

Eve: T.C.'S always had a hot temper, but this was something else. He
went after Julian in a blind rage.
Grace: But you said that T.C. wasn’t himself. I mean, he didn't know
what he was doing.
Eve: But it doesn't matter. If T.C. found out that I’d had an affair
with Julian, he would kill Julian for sure. And all our lives would be
completely destroyed.
T.C.: Sam, it was so real. My father was as close to me as you are
right now.
Sam: T.C., Your father died over 20 years ago.
T.C.: Sam, I know that. Whether it was a ghost or a vision, he appeared
to me tonight for a reason -- to show me what happened when my tennis
career was snatched from me.
Sam: I remember your father, T.C. He was one of the gentlest men that
I’ve ever met. So you're telling me that he told you to go after Julian?
T.C.: Yes. After he blasted me for being on the crane estate, he told
me to kill Julian crane.
Sam: Look, I know you think it was Julian behind the wheel --
T.C.: Damn it, Sam --
Sam: In the auto accident that tore up your knee.
T.C.: I know. Ok? My father made me relive the whole nasty thing. And I
saw the person in the driver's seat.
Sam: Julian?
T.C.: Yes.
Sam: He may have been driving the car. But what you saw tonight, it
wasn't real. It was a -- a vision.
T.C.: "A vision"? Well, some people say a vision can tell more than
real life, and that's what happened tonight, Sam. You know, you're lucky
that you showed up because if you hadn't, this world would be a much
better place because Julian crane would be dead.[Julian groans]
Rebecca: Oh, my poor pookie. T.C. Russell almost killed you tonight. I
want to call the police and have him arrested.
Julian: You'll do no such thing! Even if Sam Bennett weren't the chief
of police and T.C.'S best friend, father would have a cow. He despises
publicity, especially of that sort.
Rebecca: Look, Julian, don't you think you should slow down a little
bit here? At least until we find out whether we've succeeded in breaking
up Luis and Sheridan.
Julian: Of course we'll succeed. Plan is foolproof, thanks to my
last-minute decision to bribe one of Harmony's finest and call in a favor
from the mayor. While Luis is answering a false alarm at the police
station, my sister's going to see his masked doppelganger in the act with
our hired bimbette. So, no, Rebecca, I am not about to slow down after
what I've endured this Evening.
Rebecca: Well, I hope you're right. Because if any part of our plan
backfires, then your father is going to force us to kill your sister.

Luis: Well, it's not the most thorough report I've Ever written, but
ought to satisfy the mayor for tonight.
Packer: Don't tell me you're finished already, Luis.
Luis: Just about. Just got to give it a final once-over.
Packer: Listen, I'm really sorry about spilling my coffee on your
computer before.
Luis: Don't worry about it. It was an accident, right?
Packer: Yeah, but of all nights. I mean, it's bad enough you were
called in to do this thing in the middle of your engagement party --
Luis: Yeah, so what's the big surprise? You know, it's not like we
didn't know what we were signing up for.
Packer: So -- tell me -- your fiancée, Sheridan crane, she's from a
whole other world. You think she's going to be able to handle being a
cop's wife?
Luis: Yeah. She says she can handle it as long as we're together. How
about that, huh?
Packer: Yeah, you're one lucky guy.
Luis: Yeah. Yeah, I'm surprised she didn't call, though, just to check
up on me. Well, she must've got tied up with the guests at the party.
Packer: Harmony P.D. Ofc. Packer speaking.
Sheridan: Hello, this is Sheridan crane. Is Luis Lopez Fitzgerald
there?
Packer: I'm sorry, but Luis isn't here.
Luis: You know, life's funny, packer. Just when you think you got it
all figured out, you learn something new. I wasted a lot of time worrying
about the bad things that could go wrong between me and Sheridan -- like
her family's bad attitude about her and I being together.
Packer: Oh, yeah?
Luis: Yeah. And I finally realized that I was just wasting my time. You
see, as long as Sheridan and I were straight with each other, there was
nothing her family can do to split us up. Fake
Luis: She's in the hall. This is it.

Deedee: Ah. Ah, Luis. Ah.
Sheridan: Luis?
Deedee: Ah. Oh.
Sheridan: Are you in there?
Deedee: More. Don't stop. Oh, yes. Don't stop.
Sheridan: It can't be. Luis would never do this to me.
Deedee: Oh, Luis. Oh. Ooh. Oh, don't stop. Mmm. Ooh, yes.

Ivy: Well, I'm leaning towards this one, but I don't know. It's a
little low-cut for a funeral. Oh, well, what the hell? I am going to be
the sexiest widow Harmony's Ever seen!
Pilar: This is not funny, Ivy. If T.C. Does kill Julian, he would go to
prison for the rest of his life.
Ivy: Well, what's that expression -- "into each life a little rain must
fall."
Pilar: How can you be so cavalier about a man's life?
Ivy: Please. Julian deserves whatever happens to him.
Pilar: I was speaking about T.C. Russell's life. What has he Ever done
to you?
Ivy: Well, nothing, I suppose. But if T.C. wants to wring Julian's neck
-- well, it's hardly my place to stop him. Oh! Can't you stop picking on
me long enough just to be happy for me?
Pilar: "Happy" because a good man may go to prison?
Ivy: Forget all that. Look. Sam kissed me, and he kissed me with all of
the feeling he had when we were first together. Oh, if I wasn't sure
before, that kiss proved it. Sam still loves me. And that's why he's going
to leave Grace and come back to me.
Pilar: You are fooling yourself.
Ivy: No, I'm not. I know it, and Grace knows it. You should've seen the
look on her face when she saw us.
Pilar: Saw you when?
Ivy: Oh, didn't I tell you? Well, when Sam kissed me, guess who was
watching from the doorway.
Pilar: Oh, God, no.
Ivy: Yeah. The little woman herself. She knows now, Pilar. Grace knows
Sam will always love me.

Sam: Now, I want your word -- hands off Julian crane.
T.C.: Oh, are you talking to me as chief of police or as my best
friend?
Sam: Both. Now, if you go off on Julian again, I’ll be forced to arrest
you. Now, I may not like it, but that's the way it's going to be.
T.C.: I'm sorry, man. I'm sorry for putting you in such a tough spot.
Sam: Just don't do it again.
T.C.: Sam, I’ll try. But there's something that just keeps nagging at
me. That thing that my father said about Julian crane messing around with
someone else in my family -- what the hell could he be talking about?

Grace: The only way to stop being afraid is to tell T.C. The truth
about your past with Julian.
Eve: How can I? You didn't see T.C.'S eyes when he was strangling
Julian. The next time, Grace, he's going to kill him for sure, and I --
Grace: But, Eve, don't you see? Your secret is doing as much damage
hidden as it would if you would just come out with it.
Eve: I see where you're coming from, Grace --
Grace: You don't act like it. If Sam hadn't lied to me about his past
with Ivy, I never would've lost my unborn child. I wouldn't be living
apart from him right now and feeling sick in the pit of my stomach from
seeing him kiss Ivy. If he had just trusted me enough to tell me the
truth, we would be snuggled up in bed together right now, picking out
names for our baby, instead of here on this Godforsaken crane estate,
wondering what's going to happen to our marriage and our family. Now, the
truth hurts sometimes, Eve, but at least you'll have a chance to recover
from it. I don't know if you can Ever recover from a lie.

Julian: What are you doing?
Rebecca: I'm sorry, sweetie, but I am cutting you off. It's for your
own good.
Julian: I can hold my liquor, Rebecca.
Rebecca: No, this is not open for discussion. You've had enough for one
night.
Julian: I'm trying to steady my nerves. Don't you want me in tiptop
form when Sheridan gets back?
Rebecca: Forget tiptop. I just want you upright. Look, besides, you've
been through enough of an ordeal tonight.
Julian: Don't remind me.
Rebecca: You know, Julian, I don't understand. Why does T.C. hate you
so much? I mean, what happened between the two of you?
Julian: What happened? Uh -- T.C. Was hurt in a car crash years ago.
The resulting knee injury ended his tennis career.
Rebecca: That's right. I remember. I -- yeah, that car accident
happened the night before you won the big tennis tournament at the club.
Julian: I don't recall.
Rebecca: That's right. T.C. was the favorite. But then he couldn't play
after the accident, and then you won the tennis tournament. My, my, my.
Skeletons are just falling out of the closet. Well, if your people don't
mind staging a car accident to win a tennis game, I’m sure Alistair does
have no qualms about killing his own daughter to keep Luis from finding
out some other dirty family secret.
Julian: Rebecca, if you're having second thoughts about marrying me
after I'm free from Ivy --
Rebecca: No, no, no. Not at all. I just want you to remind me to watch
my back around Alistair. I don't want to get on his bad side and find
myself lying facedown in some alley somewhere.[Telephone rings]
Julian: Julian crane.
Packer: Mr. Crane, it's Ofc. Packer.
Julian: Officer. Is Luis still there?
Packer: Yes, but he's about to leave. He's almost finished with those
phony reports for the mayor.
Julian: Stall him! It's too early for him to come back to the party.
Packer: But how am I going to do that?
Julian: You figure it out. That's what I'm paying you for. You just
keep him there.
Rebecca: What, is Luis on his way back to the mansion?
Julian: Yes, it's far too early. We don't Even know if Sheridan has
seen his double in bed with the other woman yet. If he comes back now, it
could ruin everything.
Luis: Well, that's a wrap. All I got to do is fax this to the mayor,
and I'm going back to the party. Hey, man, I hate to leave you here all
alone, but my fiancée’s a lot prettier than you are. No offence.
Packer: You can't go.
Luis: What?
Packer: The mayor may have a couple questions once he reads this. I
mean, you'd better stick around just in case.
Luis: Well, tell him to call me on my cell phone.
Packer: It's up to you.
Luis: What is it with you tonight, packer? You're all jumpy and edgy.
You know, I saw you on the phone before in that intense conversation. Then
you spill coffee all over my computer, you freeze my keyboard. Now, hold
on a minute. Now I know why you don't want me to leave.

Deedee: Oh. Don't stop. Please don't stop. Mmm. Oh.
Sheridan: Luis lied to me about the woman on his cell phone. He was
with her in the fog outside the house. And he left our engagement party to
make love to her.

Pilar: So Grace saw this kiss between you and Sam?
Ivy: Oh, she most certainly did.
Pilar: Poor Grace. Well, you have to find her and apologize
immediately.
Ivy: For what? If anyone is responsible for what's happening here, it's
Grace. She's the one who demanded that Sam come to the party by himself.
She's the one who badgered him into finding closure with me. Please, she
knew the risks all along.
Pilar: But she believed that Sam would return to her.
Ivy: Well, that's what I mean about risks. Although I will admit, I did
have to work awfully hard for the kiss. First I showed Sam some old photos
of us, just to remind him of the way it was. I knew that would get to him,
and it did. But my most inspired moment was showing him the photo that you
took at the carnival of he and Ethan, you know, when Ethan was only just a
little boy. You know --
Pilar: No.
Ivy: The one of Sam and Ethan together.
Pilar: I remember. You wanted one picture of Ethan with his real
father.
Ivy: Oh, that really got to Sam. Hmm.
Pilar: Enough to forget Grace and kiss you?
Ivy: Well, there was the little matter of my jumping off the ledge.
Pilar: What?
Ivy: Oh. Well, I was desperate, Pilar. And you should've seen Sam. He
was so terrified of losing me that he saved me and then he kissed me. It
was magic. We were meant to be together, Pilar. And we will be -- forever.



Eve: I'm so sorry that you walked in and saw Sam kissing Ivy.
Grace: The worst thing about it is I'm the one who made Sam come here
tonight. He didn't want to, but I insisted.
Eve: Yeah, but there's no excuse for Ivy. And then for her to gloat
about it with you afterwards.
Grace: What if he still has feelings for her? I don't know if I can
live without Sam.

Sam: Look, I think we both need to treat Everything that's happened
tonight with a grain of salt. I just hope Grace can forgive me.
T.C.: For what?
Sam: She walked in on me kissing Ivy.
T.C.: Damn it, Sam, how could you let that happen?
Sam: Look, I don't know. I mean, kissing Ivy was the last thing on my
mind. It just happened. Look, call it a cop-out, but I think it had
something to do with that weird fog that blew through here -- just like
that vision you had of your father.
T.C.: Yeah. Yeah, right, Sam.
Sam: Look, all night long I had the sense that something was going to
happen, only I figured it had something to do with Luis and Sheridan.
Turns out they're fine. It was the rest of us that had the problem.

Luis: It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure this one out. You
forget, packer, I'm a trained cop, just like you are. I know all the
tricks.
Packer: Let me explain, Luis --
Luis: That's what I'm trying to tell you. There's no need to explain.
You see, I got the whole picture here. So let's not play games anymore. I
know exactly what you're covering up.
Packer: Sometimes you're too smart for your own good, Luis.
Sheridan: I've got to get out of here.
Deedee: You can drop the act now. She's gone.
Fake Luis: Man. Are you sure she saw enough?
Deedee: Oh, yes, more than enough.
Fake Luis: Man. Ok. It's a nice job if I do say so myself. Once again
Julian crane gets his money's worth.
Sheridan: How could you, Luis?

Luis: You're going to have to work on your technique, packer. You're as
transparent as glass.
Luis: Why didn't you just tell me that you and Miranda are having a
tough time?
Packer: What?
Luis: She's giving you a hard time about pulling the night shift, isn't
she?
Packer: Um --
Luis: You know what? You can't blame her, right? You know, most women,
they don't know what they're getting themselves into when they start going
out with a cop. I'd love to talk with you about this any time, just not
tonight, huh?
Packer: Yeah, I'd appreciate that.
Luis: Look, you know what? Maybe Miranda’s just freaked out because you
got to level with her, you know? Tell her where you stand, what kind of
future you'll have together. I'll bet you 10-1 once you level with her
you're not going to be having any more of those hushed arguments I heard
when I walked in, huh?
Packer: You may be right.
Luis: Yeah. Look, speaking of women we love, I'm way overdue getting
back to mine. Take it easy, huh?

Rebecca: Well, surely Sheridan has come across our little lovemaking
scene by now. Why hasn't the Luis imposter called?
Julian: You don't think anything went wrong, do you?
Rebecca: I certainly hope not. Because I, for one, want nothing to do
with killing your sister or Luis.
Julian: Nor do I. But father won't rest until he's certain they've
broken up for good. [Telephone rings]
Julian: Yes?
Fake Luis: It's me, Mr. Crane. You said to call in.
Julian: What happened?
Fake Luis: Worked like a charm. I didn't get to see your sister's face
because I was otherwise occupied, if you know what I mean.
Julian: Spare me the prurient details. Just tell me where's Sheridan
right now?
Fake Luis: Well, according to Deedee, she ran out of here like a bat
out of hell. She's probably halfway back to the crane mansion by now with
her heart in a million pieces.
Julian: Well done. Thank you for calling.
Fake Luis: Ahem. Mr. Crane? You still owe Deedee and me some money.
Julian: You'll get the balance when you contact me with your new
address. Or have you forgotten that part of our agreement was that you
both leave town. I can't afford the off chance of someone recognizing
either one of you. We did it. Sheridan's worst nightmare came true right
before her eyes. Adios, Luis.
Rebecca: Ha! Ow.
Sheridan: What am I doing, running out of here like a heartbroken
schoolgirl who got what she deserved? Luis betrayed my trust. He betrayed
us. I'm going to go tell him what I think of him.

Fake Luis: Crane says we got to get out of town if we want to get paid.

Deedee: Darn, I was hoping he wouldn't hold us to that part of the
deal. I was really beginning to like it here in Harmony.
Fake Luis: Yeah? Well, get over it if you want your money.
Deedee: Well, we better make tracks.
Fake Luis: What's the rush?
Deedee: You said we wouldn't get our money unless we get out of here.
Fake Luis: 15 minutes isn't going to make a difference one way or
another. Let's finish what we started.
Deedee: Whoa, whoa, whoa, big boy. In your dreams. I was being paid to
kiss you before.
Fake Luis: I'm still the Same sexy guy.
Deedee: If only. That Luis -- he's a real hunk. I mean, you're ok and
all. It's just that, well, you're not in his league.
Fake Luis: Give a guy a chance, will you? I was only acting before. Let
		me show you what the real me can do.
Deedee: Oh. Mmm. Oh. Oh.

Sheridan: I can’t. I can't let him see me like this.

Pilar: You said yourself that Sam only kissed you because he feared
that you would take your own life.
Ivy: Whatever works.
Pilar: You manipulated the moment. Sam didn't kiss you because he loves
you. He kissed you because you scared the daylights out of him.
Ivy: He was terrified because he thought I was going to die. Sam saved
me because he loves me.
Pilar: Sam is a police officer. He would go out of his way to save a
parakeet from a tree.
Ivy: That is not how it was. I was there. I know. What would you have
me do, Pilar -- throw away this incredible opportunity that Grace is just
handing me on a silver platter? I'm not the one breaking up Grace's
marriage. She is.
Pilar: Why are so many terrible things happening tonight?
Ivy: What do you mean?
Pilar: T.C. And Julian, you and Sam. My God, I can almost sense the
negative energy in the air. I pray to God it doesn't affect my family. I
must check on Luis.
Ivy: Soon, Sam, we'll be the family we were always meant to be.

Sam: Grace --
Grace: Sam, it's late. I'm going to go home --
Sam: Grace, we have to talk.
Grace: I don't think there's anything left to say.
Sam: There's Everything to say. Look, I love you and i don't want to
lose you.
Pilar: Please, God, let Sheridan and Luis be all right. Mijo, is
Everything ok?
Luis: Yeah, Everything's fine. What happened to the party?
Pilar: Well, it ended early. I think everyone wanted to go home before
the fog got too thick to drive.
Luis: Yeah, it is weird weather. You know, the coast road is completely
clear now.
Pilar: Hmm, how strange. Where were you?
Luis: Believe it or not, I was at the police station. The mayor freaked
out about some report he claimed he needed. How much you want to bet he
doesn't look at it till next week? Well, so where's the love of my life?
Pilar: I haven't seen Sheridan. I just came from upstairs.
Luis: Well, I'll find her. You know, it's too bad Everyone left. I
wanted to propose a special toast to my bride-to-be. I guess I'll just
have to do it in private. Are you ok?
Pilar: I'm fine. It's just been a long, difficult night, but it's over
now. As long as you and Sheridan are ok.
Luis: Yeah, why wouldn't we be? Mama, you worry too much, you know?

Rebecca: You don't suppose she'll go right to the main house, do you?
Julian: After seeing the man she believes is her lover in bed with
another woman? Absolutely not. She'll want to be alone to lick her wounds.

Rebecca: And we'll just happen to be here to help console her. Let's
pretend like we're out for a post party stroll, ok?
Julian: Ahem. Sheridan, is that you?
Sheridan: Yes. I'm kind of tired. If you'll excuse me.
Julian: Oh, yes, of course. But, tell me, did you Ever find Luis?
Rebecca: Why, Sheridan, what's wrong? You're crying.
Sheridan: I really don't want to talk about it.
Julian: Well, nothing happened? Luis wasn't in an accident?
Sheridan: No, Luis is fine, but we're not. It's over. I don't ever want
to see him again.
Julian: Oh, you poor baby. Oh.
T.C.: Am I going to make it, doc?
Eve: Well, physically, you're fine.
T.C.: Sweetheart, you think I’m losing it because of the vision I saw
tonight of my father. But I'm telling you, honey, it was so real.
Eve: I believe you.
T.C.: Honey, you said you had a vision tonight. Why won't you tell me
about it?
Eve: Oh, it was nothing, honey. Just my imagination playing tricks on
me.
T.C.: Maybe Sam is right. Maybe everything that has happened to all of
us is because of this weird fog. What a crazy night. I just hope this
isn't a bad omen for Luis and Sheridan.
Eve: So do I, honey, but I'm more worried about you right now. This
rage that you feel towards Julian crane --
T.C.: Honey, I don't want to talk about it anymore, ok?
Eve: Yes, but what if it happens again and the next time Sam isn't
there to stop you? I think maybe you need to talk to someone, honey -- a
professional.
T.C.: You know what? It would make more sense for me to see a shrink if
I wasn't mad at Julian.
Eve: Would you just think about it, please?
T.C.: If it'll make you feel better. But, you know, I would rather be
home snuggling in our bed with my beautiful wife. Come on, let's go home.
Honey, you're still freaked out about what happened tonight, aren't you?
Eve: I want you to promise me something, T.C. I want you to promise me
that you will never again go after Julian crane the way you did tonight.
Promise me that you will not kill him, no matter what.

Grace: I don't know if you have Ever kissed me the way you kissed Ivy
tonight.
Sam: Look, I didn't know what I was doing. She threatened to fling
herself out the window.
Grace: And you were there to save her.
Sam: What was I going to do, let her kill herself? Grace, look, I’m not
denying what happened tonight or trying to make excuses. I'm just telling
you it didn't feel real to me. It was as if I was in -- I was in some kind
of a dream.
Grace: You're not making a very good case for yourself, Sam.
Sam: Look, I don't care. I'm telling you the truth. Grace, this is
real. Our love is real. Grace, you are the woman I love, not Ivy.
Grace: You have no idea how much I want to believe that. Oh, if I just
hadn't been so stupid and insisted that you needed to find some kind of
closure in your past relationship with Ivy! God.
Sam: Really? Then you realize now that --
Grace: Oh, Sam.
Sam: Really I shouldn't have been here tonight?
Grace: It doesn't matter. It's too late.
Sam: No, don't say that. Now, we can get back what we had, all right?
We can even be better.
Grace: I look in your eyes, and I see the eyes that stared into Ivy
with such passion tonight. I look at your mouth, and I see the lips that
Ivy kissed. Now, you say you love me. How can I believe that with that
image burned into my brain?

Rebecca: Here, why don't you just come on right in here and just sit
here on the couch, ok?
Julian: Perhaps I'll get you a nice glass of water -- or a stronger
drink might help.
Sheridan: No, thank you. I don't want anything.
Rebecca: You know, Everyone has lovers' spats. I'm sure you'll make up
by morning.
Sheridan: This wasn't a spat, and we're not going to make up. It is
over. It is really, truly over.
Julian: Excuse me. I don't understand. The two of you were so happy
earlier in the Evening.
Sheridan: I don't mean to be rude, but I really don't want to talk
about this tonight.
Julian: Look, you're --
Sheridan: I just want to be alone.
Julian: Of course, I -- but I want you to know I’m here for you, no
matter what. I know I have not been much of a brother in the past, but I
want that all to change. You know, our dear mother always hoped that I
would look after you.
Rebecca: Sheridan, your brother loves you. He just has a hard time
showing it. I'm sure it's because your -- your father is so uncomfortable
with his emotions.
Sheridan: Maybe it would help to talk.
Julian: I would be honored if you -- if you confided in me.
Sheridan: I saw Luis making love to another woman tonight.
Rebecca: What?
Julian: God, that's impossible. If there's one thing we know about ofc.
Lopez Fitzgerald, it's that he's in love with you.
Sheridan: No, I know what I saw. There were warning signs all night,
but I tried to ignore them. First there was a strange phone call on his
cell phone that I heard, and then I saw him talking to a woman in the fog.
When I confronted him about it, he just -- he just denied Everything.
Rebecca: Well, how did you come across Luis with this person?
Sheridan: After I left to go look for Luis, I saw his car parked
outside a house on old coast road.
Julian: I'm confused. I thought Luis was going to the police station.
Sheridan: That's what he told me. But when I called the station, they
said that he wasn't there and that no one had called him in. Anyway, when
I saw his car outside the house, I went inside to see why he was there,
and that's when I saw them in her bed.
Julian: That dirty scoundrel.
Rebecca: Oh, you poor dear.
Sheridan: I can't believe my stupidity. I mean, a long time ago I heard
Luis on the phone telling someone that he was just using me.
Julian: Yes, I think I remember.
Sheridan: And when I finally confronted him about it, he said that it
was just a mistake. Well, some mistake. I mean, it's bad enough to trust
the wrong person once, but to do it again -- I'm just -- I'm a fool. I'm
nothing but a pathetic, gullible fool.

Sam: I'd give anything if you hadn't seen me kiss Ivy tonight. But I
swear I don't know how or why it happened.
Grace: Oh, please, Sam.
Sam: No, no, I mean it. Have you heard of those Santa Ana winds that
they get out on the west coast? They say that the air makes people do,
like, weird things. That's why I think the fog made me kiss Ivy.
Ivy: You're blaming it on the fog, Sam? The fog had nothing to do with
why you kissed me. You're lying, and you know it, and I know it, and, most
important, Grace knows it.

Eve: I want you to promise me, T.C., That no matter what you Ever hear,
you will not kill Julian.
T.C.: What makes you think I’m going to hear something?
Eve: I just mean that no matter what he's done to you or to anyone
else, it is not worth losing your family over. If you were to go to jail,
it would kill the girls. It would kill me. And you might even get the
death penalty. So please, T.C., I want your word.
T.C.: Honey, I would do almost anything in this world for you, but
that's one promise I can't make. If I found out that Julian crane hurt
anyone else in my family, there's no promise in this world that would keep
me from putting that bastard six feet under.
Julian: I'm so sorry, darling. But if it's any consolation, I'm not
going to let Luis get away with this.
Rebecca: No punishment is too great after what he's done. On the night
of his engagement party, no less. Of course, I don't know why I'm
surprised when I think about what his sister Theresa did to my Gwen the
night before her wedding. But don't you worry. You'll realize you're
better off without him, Sheridan, just like Ethan will realize that he's
better off without Theresa.
[Footsteps approach]
Julian: Now, who the devil's that?
Sheridan: Oh, my God.
Luis: Honey, I’m home. What's going on?
Sheridan: I can't believe your nerve, coming back here after where
you've been.
Luis: You lost me. I'm sorry it took so long at the station.
Sheridan: I don't want to hear another word of it. Just get out!
Luis: What?
Sheridan: Get out of my house and get out of my life now!



 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



  Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 6/7/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 6/7/01




Proofread by  Elissia
Ivy: The fog had nothing to do with it, Sam. You're lying and you know
it, I know it.Tabitha: That Ivy Crane. She's a pistol, isn't she, Timmy? And she's
aiming straight for Sam Bennett’s heart.
Timmy: Timmy wonders if Sam kissed Ivy because of the spell cast by the
fog Timmy unleashed or because Ivy is the woman Sam really loves.
Tabitha: Good question, Tim Tim. Even though the powers within the fog
have caused trouble and tumult for everyone, it can't be blamed for
everything that's happened tonight.
Timmy: Then Sam really loves Ivy?
Tabitha: Maybe, maybe not. You'll just have to wait and see, Tim Tim,
just the way Grace is having to wait and see. Look. Ivy's already called
Sam a liar. Let's see what she's going to say next.
Timmy: Poor Grace.
Tabitha: "Poor Grace"? What did she expect? Throwing Sam at Ivy so he
could get closure. Oh, that's like throwing a piece of raw meat to a
hungry tigress. If Ivy rekindles Sam's love for her, then Grace will have
no one to blame but her homespun self. Hmm.
Sam: I'm not lying. Look, I'm telling you, it had to have been the fog
tonight that made me kiss her, as well as all the other crazy things that
happened tonight -- T.C. Trying to kill Julian, eve having those visions.
And those are just the ones that I know about. More bizarre things
could've happened tonight.
Ivy: There was nothing bizarre about us kissing tonight, Sam. It was
inevitable and long overdue, and if you were being honest with yourself
and with Grace, you would admit that.
Sam: You're the one that needs to be honest here.
Ivy: Oh, really, Sam? Then why don't you tell Grace exactly what
happened? Tell her how looking at pictures of our past affected you, tell
her --
Sam: That is enough!
Ivy: How afraid you were when I was out on the ledge and how you felt
when you saved me!
Sam: I said that is enough!
Ivy: I know how you felt, Sam, because I saw it in your eyes. You
couldn't bear to lose me, not a second time. He was so relieved when he
caught me, Grace. He was so happy I was back in his arms.
Sam: I said stop it.
Ivy: You love me, Sam! Admit it! Tell Grace here and now that I am the
woman you love.
Sheridan: Get out of here, Luis. Get off the estate and out of my life.

Julian: Our plan to disengage Luis and Sheridan worked better than I
could've imagined.
Rebecca: Sheridan believes she saw Luis in bed with another woman when
actually it was the imposter wearing the Luis look-alike mask and that
little strumpet that Alistair paid to sleep with him.
Julian: Sheridan's clueless that she was set up. And Luis? Well, it's
back to the barrio for our low-rent lothario.
Luis: Sheridan, why are you acting like this?
Sheridan: How dare you play me for a fool. Just get out of here! I
never want to see you again!Tabitha: Ivy's passionate pursuit of Sam is relentless. I just love
watching how it's tearing that domestic, do-good Grace apart. Oh, she
deserves some pain in her happy, sappy life.
Timmy: Tabby already tried to kill Grace once and she killed her
sister, faith. Isn't that enough?
Tabitha: Oh, will you stop keeping score. You know, we're very lucky
we've got this magic pool so that we can watch what's going on up above at
the Crane estate or we'd go nuts being trapped down here in Hecuba’s lair.
Timmy: About being trapped -- does tabby know how Timmy and she are
going to get out?
Tabitha: Well, no. But I'll worry about that after the effects of the
fog which you accidentally unleashed have worn off. The havoc it wreaked
on people is still being played out, Timmy.
Timmy: Tabby never answered Timmy's question. Did Sam kiss Ivy because
of the fog or because he wanted to?
Tabitha: Well, let's just watch and see what happens. Then you can
decide for yourself, doll face.
Ivy: Tell Grace that I am the woman you love. Tell her now.
Sam: Grace wouldn't believe me because she knows it's not true. Look, I
don't love you, Ivy. I stopped loving you years ago, before I even met
Grace!
Ivy: No, you didn't, Sam. You were angry with me because I married
Julian and what I did wounded you deeply, but you didn't stop loving me
because you couldn't!
Sam: Oh, but I did.
Ivy: Don't deny it, Sam. What happened between us tonight, it proves
that I've never been out of your heart.
Sam: Oh, the hell it does.
Grace: Stop! Just stop badgering Sam. I mean, he never should've been
here in the first place. It was my fault for insisting that he needed to
find closure with you. I mean, I just wasn't thinking straight. Eve says I
might even be suffering from postpartum depression. Or maybe I wanted to
humiliate Sam the way that I was humiliated.
Sam: You don't owe her any explanations. All right? Grace, let's get
the hell out of here. Let's go someplace quiet, just the two of us. Let's
start healing our marriage right now.
Ivy: Excuse me, Grace, but sending my husband into the arms of another
woman isn't something I've done. And maybe it was your anger or your
postpartum depression. But the bottom line is, Grace, you did it. You
opened up that door that allowed Sam and me to be together. You forced him
to confront his feelings for me, his love for me. Now, Grace, do you
really think that you can run away from what you saw tonight? That's
right. If you go now to start your marriage over, you'll be living a lie,
and is that what you want, Grace? Do you want a sham of a marriage?
Sheridan: What are you still doing here? I told you to get out!
Luis: Sheridan, what happened? Why are you so angry with me? Is it
because I was gone so long from the party?
Sheridan: Oh, come off it, Luis. I saw you! I saw everything!
Luis: "Everything"? What are you talking about?
Sheridan: I can't believe your nerve, traipsing in here, pretending
like you actually love me, like I'm your whole world?
Luis: I'm not acting. I love you. You mean everything to me.
Sheridan: You are such a liar.
Luis: Sheridan, please tell me what set you off.
Julian: Uh, I'm sorry, Luis, but I must ask you to leave not only
Sheridan's cottage but the entire Crane estate. Your conduct is
reprehensible and unacceptable.
Luis: What the hell are you talking about?
Julian: As if you didn't know.
Luis: Damn it, I don't.
Julian: Please, just leave. Don't add insult to injury.
Luis: Sheridan, tell me what's going on. Why are you treating me like
this?
Sheridan: Me? How could you treat me this way -- and on the night of
our engagement party? It's despicable! You're despicable!
Luis: Well, would someone please tell me what is going on?
Julian: My sister wants you to leave. Now, don't make me call Crane
security and have you thrown off the estate.
Luis: Julian, I love Sheridan. I am not going anywhere until someone
tells me what I did that is so horrible.
Julian: Oh, the old innocent act, again.
Rebecca: Hmm, it's sad. Sickening, really.
Luis: What are you talking about? What act?
Julian: Don't insult my sister's intelligence any longer. Leave now or
I will call security.
Luis: Julian, get it through your head, ok -- I am not leaving till you
tell me what I did that's so horrible.
Sheridan: Fine! You want to know what you did that was so horrible?
I'll tell you. I'll tell you what I saw firsthand not more than an hour
ago! It was you making love to another woman!
Luis: What? Are you kidding me?
Sheridan: Do I look like I’m kidding?
Luis: No, but that --
Sheridan: I saw you! I saw you in her bed making love to her!
Luis: Sheridan, that is crazy.
Sheridan: The secret is out! You are never going to use me again.
Luis: Sheridan, I --
Sheridan: I hate you and I will hate you forever.
Tabitha: Oh. We'll catch up with Ivy, Sam, and Grace later. After
watching all the evil that fog unleashed up at chez Crane tonight, oh, I’m
wiped out, Timmy.
Timmy: Tabby can't sleep now. She has to get Timmy and tabby out of
here.
Tabitha: I told you, I'm tired, lad. We'll figure a way out first thing
in the morning.
Timmy: Forget it. Timmy will just wave a way out.
Tabitha: Hey, you -- you put that down. Caused enough mischief with
this wand already, turning me into a mouse. Ha! I shudder to think what
mayhem you'd cause trying to get us out of here.
Timmy: Tabby can't blame a doll for trying.
Tabitha: Well, don't get your stuffing in a snit. In fact, you and this
wand did bring us some entertainment earlier when you accidentally
transported Julian Crane down here.
Timmy: It's Mr. Crane.
Julian: My God. Where am I? What have you two degenerates done to me?
Tabitha: Just calm down. No need to get yourself in a lather.
Julian: Well, the hell there isn't!
Tabitha: Will you get rid of him, Timmy?
Timmy: But Timmy's not sure he knows how.
Julian: Now I have proof he's alive. You're coming with me, young
fellow!
Timmy: Oh, no! Timmy needs to take back his spell!
Julian: Come, you little sprat!
Timmy: Hocus-pocus, mumbo-jumbo! [Tabitha chuckles]
Tabitha: The look on his face was priceless.
Timmy: Timmy did find a spell to send him back up. Maybe Timmy could
find a spell to send Timmy and tabby back up, too.
Tabitha: You just leave that wand alone, ok? Now find yourself a nice,
comfy spot and try and get some sleep.
Timmy: Timmy can't wind down without his bedtime marTimmy.
Tabitha: Oh, well, I'm sorry, doll face. There are no marTimmys down
here.
Timmy: Maybe Timmy was hasty before. Maybe Timmy can find the
ingredients to a perfect marTimmy in these bottles.
Tabitha: Now, you be careful, lad. Some of the potions in these bottles
are more volatile than Russian politics.
Timmy: Don't worry, princess. If there's one thing Timmy knows in life,
it's how to make a batch of marTimmys.
Tabitha: Now, why should I think that doll looking for marTimmy
ingredients amongst Hecuba’s old potions should be a recipe for disaster?
Ivy: Is that what you want, Grace? To live a lie with Sam?
Sam: Grace, don't you listen to her.
Ivy: Why, Sam? What are you afraid of, the truth?
Sam: Nothing that comes out of your mouth is the truth.
Ivy: Oh, and every word that comes out of your mouth is? No, Sam.
You're the one who was trying to blame the kiss on the fog? Really, Sam,
if that's the truth, think what'll happen in a thunderstorm.
Sam: I shouldn't have come here tonight, all right? I should've been
with you.
Ivy: Oh, right, yes, I have heard that one before. And you, Grace --
what were you doing here? I thought you were going to give Sam some space
to find closure with me.
Grace: I was. But I had a premonition that you and Sam were kissing.
Ivy: Really? Well, then your subconscious is trying to tell you
something, Grace. You do have something to fear. You'd better listen to
your subconscious, Grace. It's trying to warn you that your husband is in
love with another woman. And you should be afraid of losing him, Grace,
because you are. You're losing him to me. If you haven't already.Luis: You saw me with another woman? No way.
Sheridan: I was at her house. She lives on old coast road, just a
stone's throw from here.
Luis: Sheridan, I don't know who you think you saw, but it wasn't me. I
was at the police station doing a report for the mayor.
Sheridan: No, you weren’t. I called the station. They said that you
weren't there and that no one had called you in.
Luis: Well, then you must've talked to someone who just came on duty
and didn't know that I was on my way.
Sheridan: Oh, stop the lies, Luis! I know that I was you I saw in bed
with your playmate!
Luis: No, it wasn't!
Sheridan: I saw your car outside the house!
Luis: My car?
Sheridan: Yes, Luis, your car! You know, I was worried about you
driving in the fog because I was afraid that and when you weren't at the
station, I thought maybe you had. So I left the party to go looking for
you.
Julian: I begged her not to go.
Rebecca: That's right, he did.
Sheridan: Pretty ironic, huh? Here I was worried about you, but you
were just fine. You were having a grand old time with your little piece on
the side!
Luis: Sheridan, all right, look, this is crazy, ok? My car was at the
police station, where I was doing a report for the mayor. Now, I don't
know whose car you think you saw, but it wasn't mine.
Sheridan: It was your car, Luis. Your tuxedo jacket was in it!
Luis: I went to the police station! I didn't even stop, not once! And
if I was cheating on you, I wouldn't stop my car and park out in front of
some floozy's house!
Rebecca: Uh-oh.
Julian: Shh. Sheridan's so angry, she won't give credence to a word
Luis says.
Sheridan: Well, maybe you were just so anxious to get with your honey
that you weren't thinking straight and got careless!
Luis: Sheridan, it was not me.
Sheridan: I saw you, Luis! I saw you in bed with her! She said your
name!
Luis: Sheridan, it wasn't my car and I wasn't in bed with some other
woman.
Sheridan: Well, then you must have a twin running around town because I
saw you in bed with that slut. It was you!
Luis: Sher-- Sheridan --
Julian: Luis, leave her alone! [Telephone rings]
Julian: One guess who this is. Hello, father.
Alistair: Hello, son.
Julian: He called me "son."
Alistair: Things seem to be going quite well there.
Julian: Yes, they are. I think we've finally succeeded in breaking up
Luis and Sheridan for good this time.
Sam: I want you to leave Grace alone.
Ivy: Why, Sam? She started it. She's the one who sent you to be with
me, and now she has to live with the consequences or live in denial. Oh,
if you stop now, Sam will go with you -- out of guilt -- and you could
spend the rest of your life wondering what would've happened if you
would've stuck it out till the end.
Sam: Don't you listen to her.
Ivy: Taking Sam away now is the coward's way out, Grace, and I think
you know that. So the question is, do you settle or do you go for broke?
Sam: Grace, listen to me -- it was one kiss. Look, it meant nothing. I
-- look, I was caught up in the moment.
Ivy: "Caught up in the moment," Sam? You're married to one woman and
you're kissing another?
Sam: Listen, I love you, Grace.
Ivy: But you kissed me, Sam! So what are we going to believe, your
words or your actions? Your words say you love Grace, but your actions say
you love me! Now what is it? Which one, huh? Do you love Grace or do you
love me?Timmy: Timmy's glad he gave Hecuba’s bottles a second look. These could
be the best martimmys Timmy's ever made. Tabby, you awake?
Tabitha: Oh. I am now.
Timmy: Come and try one of Timmy's potluck marTimmys.
Tabitha: Well, I might as well have a nightcap. It's not as if I have
to look fresh for tomorrow since we're trapped down here in a cave
hundreds of feet underground. [Tabitha chuckles]
Tabitha: Oh, leaping lizards.
Timmy: What?
Tabitha: You didn't use any of that in that bottle, did you, to mix in
with these marTimmys?
Timmy: Yeah. Timmy thinks it'll give the marTimmys a real kick.
Tabitha: Oh. Oh, no. Oh, Timmy. Oh, they're going to be downright
explosive!
Timmy: Why? What's wrong?
Tabitha: Oh, the liquid in that bottle is one of the most volatile
fluids in the universe.
Timmy: It is?
Tabitha: Yes. Oh, we're in danger, Timmy -- grave danger. In fact, you
might have unknowingly written our death warrants.Julian: I told you, father. I told you the plan would work.
Alistair: Don't get too full of yourself, Julian. Remember, I made
modifications to your plan to ensure its success.
Julian: Yes, but the basic framework --
Alistair: Just make sure you follow through, Julian. See to it that
this plan reaches its inevitable and incontrovertible end. Because if
Sheridan and Luis aren't torn apart forever by doing things your way,
we'll have to do things my way. You and Rebecca will have to kill your
sister.
Julian: Yes, father.
Alistair: I'll check in with you later. Until then, don't you and
Rebecca screw up.
Rebecca: Did Alistair mention me?
Julian: Mm-hmm. Yes, he said to make sure we follow the plan to -- and
I quote -- "its inevitable and incontrovertible end."
Rebecca: We will. And once Sheridan and Luis are over and out, you'll
be back in your father's favor and he will have no choice but to name you
as his heir again.
Julian: Oh, wouldn't that be a coup?
Rebecca: Oh, and then you will be crowned the prince of the Crane
empire and I will be your princess, always ready to show you a royal good
time.
[Julian chuckles]
Julian: But just to make sure nothing goes wrong, I think we should
stay here till we're certain that there's no hope of Luis and Sheridan
resurrecting their relationship.
Luis: Sheridan, I'm telling you, I was nowhere near that house. And as
far as that woman you described, I’ve never even seen her before.
Sheridan: Oh, well, there's another lie!
Luis: What?
Sheridan: I saw you talking to her at the party, remember?
Luis: But I told you, it wasn't me! Sheridan, damn it, that fog was so
thick, you couldn't even tell who was who!
Sheridan: There was no fog in her bedroom! Steam, yes, but no fog! I
saw you with her as clear as day!
Luis: It wasn't me!
Sheridan: You're a cop, Luis! Look at the evidence! This woman called
you on your cell phone, saying she wanted to make love to you!
Luis: Sheridan, I told you, that was either a joke or the wrong number.

Sheridan: And then I saw you talking to some strange woman at the
party!
Luis: Sheridan, for the last time, it wasn't me!
Sheridan: It was you! Stop saying that it wasn't!
Julian: Luis, please leave before you force me to call security.
There's no need to prolong the inevitable.
Luis: Wait a minute. I know what happened.
Julian: Yes. You're a hound dog who got caught.
Luis: Sheridan, Sheridan? All right, listen to me, all right? Now,
first there was the phone call, right, and then there was the woman that
you saw me with. Now, that was the same woman that you found me at her
house because you saw my car parked in front of her house. It was on the
street, the only street that you had to go to get into town! You set me
up. Alistair and Julian set me up.
Julian: What?Sam: Now, I have told you, Ivy, at least a thousand times that I love
Grace. Now, let's get out of here. Let's go someplace that we can talk
this through.
Ivy: Oh, Grace. Do you honestly think that you can erase the image of
Sam kissing me in my bedroom tonight? Do you really think that his words
mean more than his actions?
Sam: Grace, don't listen to that. She's just trying to cause trouble.
Ivy: I'm sorry that the truth is so troublesome.
Sam: Grace? I love you. I love you more than anything in this world.
Grace: Ivy's right. I can never forget what I saw in her bedroom
tonight. I am leaving, Sam, alone. I can't be with you tonight.Timmy: Timmy's sorry, tabby. Timmy had no idea Hecuba’s liquids were so
dangerous.
Tabitha: Oh, it's my fault, doll face. I should have stopped you.
Timmy: What's up with the smoke?
Tabitha: The beginning of the end, doll face. Our end.
Luis: You and Alistair set me up. That's why this all played out so
neatly.
Sheridan: Oh, stop trying to blame my brother and father. I know what I
saw!
Luis: You had some woman call my cell phone, knowing that Sheridan
would answer.
Julian: Oh, that is absurd!
Rebecca: Oh, it's ridiculous.
Sheridan: Yeah, how do you explain me seeing you with the woman on the
grounds?
Luis: It wasn't me.
Sheridan: Just stop it, Luis! You know, what do you think Julian did,
clone you? Please! I saw you. You know, you had me convinced that the fog
was playing tricks on my eyes, but I now know that it was you. And the
clothes that that woman was wearing at the party were the same clothes
that I saw on the floor leading to the bedroom where you were making love
to her!
Luis: Sheridan, it wasn't me. It was a set-up.
Sheridan: The only set-up is the one that you have had against me for
over a year now! You know, I tried to get past that phone call and I did
because you were just so sincere that it wasn't you. But there is no just
getting past what I saw tonight. When I saw you in bed with that woman, it
broke my heart. Now, why can't you just be a man and admit what you did?
Luis: Because I didn't do anything.
Julian: Sheridan's right. Why don't you own up to what you did like a
man instead of trying to put the blame on Alistair and me?
Rebecca: Well, especially after everything they've done for you.
Julian: Throwing you this engagement party, working to show Sheridan we
were willing to let bygones be bygones and support her marriage to you.
Luis: Now there's a sudden change of heart. The one who's usually
tossing around threats and bribes, saying that you were going to cut
Sheridan off if she stayed with me.
Julian: Oh, why don't you stop trying to shift blame just because you
can't little Luis under wraps?
Luis: Yeah, you're one to talk about fidelity. Everyone knows what a
pig you are, Julian.
Rebecca: Ivy drove Julian to find comfort with other women, but now
that he has me --
Luis: Oh, yeah, then there's you. You tried to get me to stir up
trouble with Ethan and Theresa. I'll bet you're all working together --
you, Julian, and Alistair. All trying to break up me and Sheridan.
Sheridan: No, Luis. Julian and Rebecca were shocked when I told them
what happened. They couldn't even believe it. In fact, they even defended
you.
Luis: Sheridan, that is part of their plan.
Sheridan: No, it's not part of their plan! And stop trying to make this
anything other than what it really is. You cheated on me. You played me
for the fool a second time -- the last time! Now, I want to be alone.
Luis: Sheridan -- sher-- Sheridan, we always wondered what lengths they
would go to to break us up! And now we know.
Julian: Luis has no idea how close to the truth he is.
Rebecca: Hmm, we got to keep him from getting any closer.
Luis: Sheridan, look at this. Look how happy and in love we are. Come
on. Think about all we've been through and how hard we fought for our
love. You know, you can ask Eve or Sam or Ethan. You can ask them how
messed up I was when I thought you'd been killed. And how I wouldn't let
Julian keep me from going to the funeral. And how hard I fought to save
you when I thought you were buried alive. And how even after when the
doctors gave up hope -- Sheridan, I went to the church and I prayed for a
miracle. And I got it. You came back from death to be with me, the same
way I came back from death in the archives to be with you. Come on,
Sheridan. You know I wouldn't squander what we have in a million years.
Sheridan, come on. Something is wrong here. We just need to talk about it,
just you and me. Sheridan, we love each other. We can work this out.
Please, we can work this out together. We can figure out what really
happened. Come on.
Sheridan: All right. I will talk to you alone. Would you please give us
a few minutes in private?
Julian: Um -- um, I really don't think that's such a good idea.
Luis: No, of course you don’t.
Rebecca: We'll be right outside. If you need us, you -- you just let us
know.
Julian: Remember, sister, you can always count on family, even when
everyone else fails you.Luis: Well, I'm glad they're gone. Now we can finally get to the truth.

Sheridan: I already know the truth. You betrayed me. You betrayed us.
You've destroyed any chance that we had any of a future together.
Luis: Sheridan, no.
Sheridan: I want you to get your things out of my bedroom and get out
of my house.
Rebecca: Sheridan is giving Luis the boot!
Julian: We did it, becs. My sister and her lawman lover are finished.
Sam: Grace? Grace, please.
Ivy: Let her go, Sam. Grace has to work this out on her own.
Sam: I hate you for hurting her.
Ivy: Well, you may hate me for hurting Grace, but you still love me
because of our past.
Sam: No way. No way in hell.
Ivy: Just stop fighting it, Sam. I'm the woman you love, the woman you
have always loved and always will. It's time you just admit it to
yourself.
Julian: What bliss. Such rapture. Our plan worked! Luis and Sheridan
have been ripped apart. Luis is no longer a threat to the family. [Julian
chuckles]
Rebecca: And we didn't have to kill anyone, either.
Julian: Father can't ridicule and belittle me, call me incompetent
anymore. He and the rest of the world will have to start taking me
seriously again, hmm?
Rebecca: Uh, Julian, um -- pookie -- you know, speaking of how your
father feels about you, you know, I was thinking and, well, maybe, just
maybe you shouldn't bring up Tabitha Lenox and her doll and that you --
well, that you think it's alive. You know, other people and your father
might not take that the right way.
Julian: Ah. Yes, I see your point.
Rebecca: Well, I'm only telling you this because I love you and I want
what's best for you. Remember -- perception is reality. And you have to
put out what you want people to perceive when they hear the name Julian
Crane. And I know that you don't want other people, especially your
father, to perceive you as the kind of man who thinks that doll can talk.
Sheridan: Just leave, Luis. I have nothing more to say to you.
Luis: I'm not leaving until we work this out.
Sheridan: Fine, I'll call security, then!
Luis: Sheridan, please don't. All right, something is not right here.
Either there's been a terrible mistake or --
Sheridan: I know what I saw!
Luis: Or your family is trying to split us apart! Come on, either way,
we have to hold on to what we have. We have to fight for what we have --
our love. Love is all we have.
Sam: You aren't the woman I love, Ivy. Our past is over. Our
relationship, our passion -- it's history. It's finished!
Ivy: No, Sam. I'm the woman you could never get out of your heart, no
matter how hard you tried. And that's really why you're so angry with me
-- not because I'm hurting Grace, but because I am forcing you to face
something in your heart that you don't want to face. You still love me.
You've never stopped loving me. And in your soul, you know what's going to
happen. We're going to be together again.
Timmy: What's happening, princess?
Tabitha: I don't know, Timmy, but this can't be good! [Timmy yells]
Tabitha: Oh, no!
Julian: Did you hear something?
Rebecca: Out here? No. No, nothing. But shh, you're drowning out Luis
and Sheridan.
Julian: I'm sure I heard something. It sounded like --
Rebecca: If you're going to tell me that it sounded like Tabitha Lenox
and her cute little doll, I swear I am going to scream.
Julian: Wouldn't be the first time, would it, baby?

[Julian chuckles]
Rebecca: Julian, I mean it. You cannot be the heir to the world's
largest fortune and go wandering around talking about some little doll
that comes to life and talks. I mean, nobody -- nobody is going to invest
money in Crane industries if they see you walking around having -- what
did you call them? -- Martimmys with some living doll. No, Crane
industries' stock would plummet. And we don't want that, now, do we?
Julian: I see your point.
Rebecca: Good. Now, you stay here and keep an eye on Luis and Sheridan.
I have to go discuss something with Gwen.
Julian: Now?
Rebecca: Yes, now. I'll call you later.
Julian: Good, they're still on the outs. They'll never reconcile, not
this time. Mission accomplished. I bet the next time father calls, he'll
have a certain amount of respect in his voice. [Julian chuckles] [Timmy
screams]
Julian: What the hell was that? [Julian screams] [Julian groans]
Julian: What? It's you. Tabitha's doll.
Timmy: Greetings, Mr. Crane. Timmy just dropped in to say thank you for
inviting him to the party. It was one unforgettable evening. [Julian
whimpers]
Timmy: What?Sheridan: "Our love is all we have"? Please, Luis, you had more than
our love tonight. You had another woman!
Luis: I told you that it wasn't me, Sher--
Sheridan: I am so sick of your denials! That's it, I’m calling Crane
security and having them haul your two-timing butt out of here!
Luis: That's not going to do any good. I'm not leaving.
Sheridan: Would you just give it up already? I know what I saw.
Luis: Ok. Then how do you feel?
Sheridan: Foolish, betrayed, stupid.
Luis: Yeah. It's beyond belief that I would do this to you, right?
Especially on the night of our engagement party.
Sheridan: You've got that right.
Luis: Yeah. Only a cold-blooded bastard would do something like that,
right?
Sheridan: Exactly.
Luis: And is that what you think I am, a cold-blooded bastard? That you
have been so stupid and so naive this whole time to have not noticed? Like
all the times that I risked my life to save yours? Or how I decorated the
garden to match your dream of the perfect marriage proposal? Or how about
when I slipped my grandmother's ring on to your finger, knowing how
important family and tradition are to me?
Sheridan: What can I say, Luis? You're a damn good actor.
Luis: No. You have doubts. And you can't throw away what we have even
if you have the slightest doubts. I can see it in your eyes. You have
doubts, Sheridan. Sheridan, look, we need to get to the truth, all right?
We need to find out what happened. If we don't do that tonight, we're
never going to get married, and then both of our lives are going to be
ruined.


  Back to Passions
Transcripts
 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 6/8/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 6/8/01



Proofread by  Elissia
Tabitha: Oh, what a magnificent night, Timmy. Misery and mayhem everywhere,
thanks to you spilling that wonderful potion.
Timmy: It was an accident.
Tabitha: Oh, well, whatever. It created a fog that played games with
people's minds and caused chaos in relationships.
Timmy: Timmy hates that all these nice people are suffering. Well, at
least it's almost over.
Tabitha: Over? Not by a long shot. Oh, the fun has just begun, lad.
Take a look at Kay, our teen vixen. She's plotting to get Miguel even as
we speak. And 24 hours ago, Charity would never have doubted Miguel's
love. But since she had that vision, goldilocks is worried.
Miguel: I
can tell you're still upset, Charity.
Charity: I know you said it was just the fog, but, Miguel, I saw you
and Kay kissing. It really looked like you guys were about to make love.
Miguel: But it wasn't real. It never could be.
Charity: I'm just confused. And all I know is that I can't get that
vision out of my head.
Timmy: Poor
Charity. She's in so much pain.
Tabitha: Oh, she's not the only one. Let's not forget Whitney, Chad,
and Simone. Their little love triangle is just about to explode.Chad: Whitney, wait
up. What, you don't want me to walk you home now?
Whitney: I just needed some time alone.
Chad: Because you saw me kissing Simone? You might as well tell me the
truth.
Whitney: Ok, Chad, I'll tell you the truth. I ran away from you because
I realized that our relationship is just a mistake.
Chad: A mistake? Wait, how can you say that?
Whitney: I just think that, you know, there's no point in us being
together anymore, ok? It's just as simple as that.
Chad: No, it's not that simple! Look, look, tonight was very screwed
up, ok? Now, Ethan was telling me he thinks that the fog was making people
act weird. I don't know nothing about fog, ok, but I do know that you and
I belong together.
Whitney: Look, I'm sorry, Chad. I used to think that we belonged
together, too, but I was wrong. Ok, we have no future.Julian: Would you care for a nightcap, my darling, to cap off a
marvelous night?
Rebecca: Hmm, no need to cap off the night just yet. As far as I'm
concerned, the night is still young.
Julian: Come to think of it, I could use a little stress relief after
what I've been through this evening. T.C. Russell nearly killed me, then
that prattling puppet, Timmy, landed on my head.
[Julian groans]
Julian: It's you. Tabitha's doll.
Timmy: Greetings, Mr. Crane. Timmy just dropped in to say thank you for
inviting him to the party. It was one unforgettable evening. [Julian
whines]
Timmy: What?
Julian: That thing is no doll. It's alive.
Rebecca: Julian, I told you, it is not good to be carrying on about
talking dolls. Others might take it the wrong way, especially Alistair.
Julian: You're right. I'll never mention the creature again. I'd much
rather focus on tonight's victory.
Rebecca: Hmm, yes. You deserve a medal after what you achieved. Luis
and Sheridan's relationship is destroyed forever. Oh, and it's all because
of you.
Julian: Even father won't be able to ignore my brilliance any longer.
He'll have to reinstate me as his heir.
Rebecca: Hmm, nobody deserves it more.
Julian: Yes, thanks to me, Luis Lopez Fitzgerald will never snoop into
Crane affairs again. That nosy cop is no longer a threat to the family.
Luis: So
this is it? This is the house where you think you saw me with another woman?
Sheridan: I'm not positive. Your car isn't parked in front like it was
before, but, yeah, it looks like it.
Luis: All right, let's do this, then. Sheridan, I'm going to prove to
you that I was never with another woman. I love you and only you.
Theresa:
My brother loves Sheridan with all of his heart. No, he would never, ever be
unfaithful to her.
Ethan: I admit it -- I'm surprised myself, but Sheridan wouldn't make
this up. There has to be some kind of explanation.
Luis: There is an explanation. It's right here in this house.
Fake Luis:
Man. I can get used to this. Getting paid to make love to a beautiful woman?
That's a sweet deal.
Deedee: I'm just glad the plan went so smoothly. There is no way we're
going to get caught now.
Fake Luis: Yeah. Well, Julian Crane is a man of his word. He said he
was going to break up Sheridan and Luis. He did it. [Knock on door]
Deedee: Who could that be?
Fake Luis: That's probably just Crane. Wants to check up on us before
we get out of town. I'll go check it out.
Whitney: I
have to go, Chad.
Chad: I'm not letting you walk away, Whitney. Don't you get it? I love
you.
Whitney: Chad, don't do this, ok? It's over.
Chad: Look, I'm not going to pretend that I've never played games with
girls before, ok, but those girls meant nothing to me. It's different with
you, Whitney. You mean everything to me.
Whitney: You know, none of that matters now.
Chad: Hey, besides what happened tonight, have i ever done anything to
you, anything to make you think that I didn't care about you?
Whitney: No.
Chad: And haven't I saved your life, not once but twice? I mean, I'm
not superman when you're -- I don't just go around just saving anybody's
life.
Whitney: You know how grateful I am to you for that. But that has
nothing to do with what went down tonight.
Chad: Yes, it does. It shows how crazy I am for you.
Whitney: Look, I know strange things happened to other people tonight,
but I just can't get over the fact that I saw you kissing Simone.
Chad: I ain't denying that, all right, but I told you what that was all
about.
Whitney: Yeah, yeah, I know, I know. I heard it before. You thought
that you were kissing me. But this isn't the first time that you kissed
Simone and thought that you were kissing me.
Chad: Whoa, hold on there, all right, hold on. The first time I kissed
Simone, I was injured, all right? I wasn't even in my right mind.
Whitney: Look, I'm sorry.
Chad: And this time --
Whitney: I'm just having a hard time believing that this time it really
was a mistake.
Miguel:
Here you go.
Tabitha:
We've got the best seats in the house, Timmy. We won't miss a minute of the
action. Now let's see what's happening with our young lovers.Miguel: Charity, I swear to you, I was not about to make love to Kay.
Charity: But it seemed so real, Miguel.
Miguel: Maybe you were just hallucinating because of the fog.
Charity: That scares me just as much. I mean, we know that there's
usually some truth to these hallucinations or premonitions or whatever
they are, and just tell me why I would see you and Kay in each other's
arms.
Miguel: I don't know, ok, but I have no desire to make love to Kay. You
are the only girl for me, Charity, now and forever.
Tabitha:
Not if our miss Kay has anything to say about it.
Kay: You
know, Simone, I've never paid much attention to Charity's visions before, but
this one I think I’m definitely going to listen to.
Simone: What are you up to now, Kay?
Kay: She thinks she saw Miguel and me about to make love. All I'm going
to do is make sure that vision comes true. I wouldn't want people my own
cousin a liar.Tabitha: Hmm, Kay's a naughty, naughty girl. She won't stop at anything
until she gets Miguel.
Fake Luis:
That has to be Mr. Crane. Who else is going to be here at this hour?
Deedee: I hope you're right. If you're not, there's no way we can get
out of here without being seen.
Fake Luis: Don't worry. Crane said he had everything under control.
Ethan: Hey,
look, maybe no one's home, they left the lights on to keep the burglar's away.
Luis: No, someone's in there. When you want to fake that someone's
home, you leave a small light on, and there's a big light on in there.
Someone's definitely in there.
Theresa: What are we going to do if they don't answer?
Luis: I'll make them answer. Open up! Open up! I know someone's in
there!Fake Luis: I heard a voice.
Deedee: Does it sound like Mr. Crane?
Fake Luis: I couldn't make it out. But it has to be. I'll go let him
in.
Miguel: Come
on, Charity. I mean, I would never make love to Kay. Besides, she's your cousin.
I mean, she would never want to do anything like that to hurt you.
Charity: Maybe you're right. I guess I just let my imagination get the
best of me.
Tabitha:
This is better than channel surfing. We've got all the action right here in
front of us.
Kay: I can't
wait to make love to Miguel tonight. I can practically feel his arms around me.
Simone: You must be living on a different planet than the rest of us.
Charity and Miguel are in love.
Kay: Yeah, but tonight she started doubting his feelings for her.
Simone, this is my chance.
Simone: So they had a bad night. So what? It's going to take a lot more
than that to split them up.
Kay: I don't think so. I mean, Miguel's bound to get sick of having a
crazy girlfriend. And sooner or later, he's going to realize that there's
somebody out there for him that isn't a poster child for &quot;girl,
interrupted.&quot;
Simone: Gee, let me guess -- that would be you?
Kay: Of course. All I want to do is love Miguel and have his babies. So
that's what I’m going to do.
Tabitha:
You truly have no soul, Kay. And I should know because I’ve got here right here
around my neck. Oh, isn't this fun, Timmy? Timmy? Oh, where is that tiresome
doll?
Julian:
Evening, father. So nice of you to call and congratulate me.
Alistair: You'll get your congratulations when Sheridan tells us she's
broken up with Luis, and not a moment before. We can't have Lopez
Fitzgerald nosing into our affairs.
Julian: Are you ever satisfied, father?
Alistair: Unlike you, I'm not satisfied until the job is done. You
still haven't learned to focus on the objective, Julian. The objective is
breaking up Luis and Sheridan.
Julian: Well, call me crazy, but I thought that's what I did this
evening.
Alistair: We still don't know if it's a done deal. But all you care
about is carrying on with that buxom bimbo.
Julian: Well, you know what they say -- all work and no play makes
Julian a dull boy.
Alistair: Fine, Julian, fine, have fun with your floozy. Rebecca might
actually be useful. But why do you waste your time on Tabitha and her
doll? I've told you that woman is dangerous.
Julian: Is it my fault that dubious doll is stalking me? I was minding
my own business when he fell from the sky and landed on my head.
Alistair: Oh, God, how did I wind up with a drunken idiot for a son?
Get some sleep, call me in the morning -- after Sheridan confirms that
she's dumped Dudley do-right.
Julian: I swear, that man needs a good shrink.
Luis:
That's it, I'm going in, all right? Damn it. I'm telling you there's something
funny going on in there.
Theresa: You know, maybe we should come back, like, first thing in the
morning. This could be dangerous, Luis.
Luis: No, I'm going to prove right now that I was never in this house,
with or without a woman.
Sheridan: Well, that's impossible if we can't get inside.
Luis: Look, I'll break this door down if I have to. Our life is on the
line here. [Lock turns]
Woman: Can I help you?
Luis: Ma'am, I’m Ofc. Lopez Fitzgerald, Harmony P.D.
Woman: Goodness. Is something wrong?
Luis: Well, we just want to ask you a few questions. You live in this
house?
Woman: Oh, yes, of course. I've been here for over 50 years.
Luis: Ok. Well, we're just looking for a young couple who may have been
here earlier.
Sheridan: The woman was tall, blond hair, blue eyes, and the man looked
like him. They were playing loud music.
Woman: You said the man looked like the police officer?
Sheridan: Yes. Did you see him here tonight?Chad: Whitney, I’m being straight up with you. I did not mean to kiss
Simone.
Whitney: I'm just not sure how you could make that kind of mistake.
Chad: Like I said, the fog was thick. Everybody was acting weird. I
don't know -- maybe you and Simone had the same perfume.
Whitney: Simone and I don't wear the same perfume. We don't wear the
same clothes. We don't wear the same anything.
Chad: Ok, look, we could stand here and come up with theories till
we're blue in the face, all right? Obviously, there's no logical
explanation for what went down tonight.
Whitney: Well, Chad, I think you know me by now. I think logically and
I deal with the facts.
Chad: Well, then stop thinking with your brain for once and listen to
what your heart is saying. Because I'm hearing it say, &quot;I know he loves
me.&quot; Look in my eyes, Whitney, and you'll know how I feel.Tabitha: Oh, that irritating imp must think I’ve got nothing better to
do than play Sherlock Holmes.
Simone: I
know why you've been babbling all night about making love to Miguel. It's
because you're jealous of me.
Kay: Ok, why would I be jealous of you?
Simone: Because Chad kissed me, and all you ever do is talk about
something that's never going to happen.
Kay: Simone, I don't even believe Chad kissed you. And anyway, who
cares? Miguel and I are going to make love tonight, and it's all because
of Charity.
Simone: Now you've really lost it.
Kay: Think about it. Simone, Charity put the idea in his head by
talking about her stupid visions. Miguel and I are going to make love and
I’m going to have his baby.
Simone: Ok. Let's just make this huge leap that you do make love to
Miguel tonight. What makes you so sure that you're going to get pregnant?
Kay: Well, if I have to, I'll lie. And then we'll keep doing it until I
do.
Simone: You are making a huge mistake, all right? Do you know that?
Kay: Now who's jealous?
Simone: I know that you don't have a soul, Kay, but you also have no
heart.
Kay: You know, fine, don't be happy for me. I'm going to get some
coffee.
Tabitha:
Well, since I can't find my Timmy, I might as well have some fun. Hello, dear.
You enjoying your evening?
Kay: Oh, yes. More than you can ever imagine.
Tabitha: You sound like a girl in love, Kay.
Kay: I guess there's no use in hiding it.
Tabitha: Mind if I give you a bit of advice? Go after what you want,
dear. Don't let anything or anyone stand in your way.
Kay: Trust me, nothing's going to stop me. Miguel's going to be mine
tonight.
Sheridan:
Would you please tell me, was there someone here earlier who looked like this
man?
Woman: No. I didn't see anyone who looked like him. Well, in fact,
there was no young couple here at all. And there was certainly no loud
music.
Sheridan: Are you sure?
Woman: Well, I'm the only one here. I was napping.
Sheridan: I didn't see you when I came in earlier.
Luis: You mind if we go inside, just have look around?
Woman: Oh, yes, of course, officer.
Sheridan: The lights were low earlier. I wasn't paying much attention,
but it -- it looks like the same furniture.
Fake Luis: Damn it, this mask is stuck!
Deedee: Oh, God. If Luis finds us here, he'll arrest us!
Fake Luis: That's the least of our worries. Julian's going to have our
heads. Wait.
Luis: Well, is it possible that someone could've come in while you were
sleeping?
Woman: Well, I suppose so, but -- but I don't know why anyone would.
Sheridan: I saw two people making love inside the bedroom.
Woman: Heaven's sake, in my bedroom?
Ethan: They could still be in there.
Theresa: Do you really think so?
Sheridan: There's only one way to find out.
Woman: Oh, my.
Tabitha:
Sometimes I wonder why I ever gave life to that pile of cotton.
Tabitha: Well, well, well. If it isn't hou-Timmy, the disappearing
doll. Would you care to explain what you're doing down there?
Timmy: Timmy couldn't just sit around and watch his Charity suffer, so
he went and made a cafe marTimmy. Princess want to try a taste?
Tabitha: No, thank you. I don't want to taste your caffeinated
concoction. I have got more important matters to deal with.
Timmy: Uh-oh. Does that mean there's more pain and suffering ahead?
Tabitha: You'd better believe it. In fact, Whitney and Chad have just
arrived and they're about to suffer big-time.
Timmy: Does that mean they're brother and sister?
Tabitha: You'll just have to wait and see, won't you, curious george? I
have a feeling that something major is about to happen.
Chad: As
soon as I see your sister, I’m going to tell her the truth -- that I love you
and only you and that you love me, too.
Simone: Oh, look. Chad just got here.
Kay: Oh, yeah. Gee, what a surprise -- he's with Whitney.
Simone: I'm really sick of you doubting that Chad and I are the real
thing. I'm going to prove to you that Chad loves me.
Simone: You're so wonderful, Chad, and you're all mine. Listen, I'm
going to get you your favorite coffee and then we're going to sit and
talk, ok? Thank you for keeping my boyfriend company.
Chad: Simone, wait. Whitney -- damn!
Timmy:
Timmy doesn't know who to feel worse for -- Whitney or Simone.
Tabitha: I'll give you a hint, lad. Don't feel bad for either of them.
Pain is what makes the world go round.
Timmy: Well, Timmy wonders if Charity's still upset.
Tabitha: Oh, stop snivelling and let's find out.
Miguel:
Hey. You feeling any better?
Charity: I'm trying really hard, Miguel, but I can't get the image of
you and Kay kissing out of my head.
Timmy: When
Timmy was making his cafe marTimmy, he heard his princess encouraging Kay to go
after Miguel. Tabitha, you've sunk to a new low.
Tabitha: Hmm. Well, thank you, Timmy. The lower I get, the happier I
feel. And I'll feel even happier if all the couples in Harmony are
destroyed tonight, especially Miguel and Charity. Oh.
Timmy: Princess, what's wrong?
Tabitha: Oh, death is in the air, Timmy. Oh, I smell it strong and
sweet.
Timmy: Oh, no. Who's going to die?
Tabitha: I don't know, but I can feel it. Someone is going to take
their last breath tonight.Sheridan: Nobody's here. But I was sure this was where I saw Luis in
bed with that woman.
Woman: Oh!
Luis: Are you ok?
Woman: I'm just feeling a little faint from all the excitement.
Luis: I'm so sorry we barged in on you like this.
Ethan: Yeah, I'm sorry.
Luis: Is anyone in there?
Sheridan: No. The room was empty, the bed was made. Guess I have the
wrong house.
Theresa: You know, the fog played tricks on everyone tonight, Sheridan.
I mean, you must've gotten confused.
Sheridan: I guess so. Please forgive us for barging in on you like
this.
Woman: Oh, that's all right, dear. I'm so sorry I couldn't be more
help.
Ethan: Hey, I think Theresa and I are going to go. You two guys sort
through this, all right?
Sheridan: Thank you, Ethan.
Theresa: I hope you can figure out what happened. You two belong
together.
Woman: I -- I’m going to excuse myself to my bedroom. You -- you can
take your time, you kids. You can let yourselves out.
Sheridan: Thank you.
Luis: Sheridan:, I'm not going to let our relationship fall apart.
There's got to be some sort of explanation for this.
Sheridan: What? I saw you with my own two eyes.
Luis: I don't know. Maybe you were sleepwalking.
Sheridan: I was not sleepwalking. I know I saw you making love to
another woman, and I can't get that out of my mind.Deedee: Whoa. That was a close call.
Fake Luis: You can say that again. I thought Sheridan was going to find
us. Crane would've killed us.
Deedee: Oh, God.
Woman: I don't know what the Cranes are up to, and I don't care. The
money will definitely come in handy.
Miguel: I'm
going to take you home to Tabitha’s. I think a good night's sleep will help you
forget about this hallucination.
Charity: You're probably right.
Tabitha: Don't worry, Miguel. I'll be home shortly. I'll look in on
dear Charity.
Miguel: Thanks, Tabitha.
Charity: Thank you. Good night, Kay.
Kay: Sweet dreams, Charity.
Charity: You know what? I'm really lucky to have so many caring people
in my life and I don't know why I would've seen an image of the two of you
together.
Miguel: It was all just your imagination.
Charity: Kay's been really good to me. She would never do anything to
take you away from me.
Kay: Here.
I got to run. I want to make sure I'm ready and waiting for Miguel when he gets
home.
Simone: Keep dreaming, Kay.
Kay: Simone, just wait and see, all right? I've got it all figured out.

Simone: Where's Chad? I have his coffee.
Kay: Wake up, Simone. He went after Whitney, the girl he really loves.
Simone: Chad just gets shy around me in public. That's why he left
early. That's why I’m going to go home and I'm going to surprise him with
a big, old, huge kiss.Tabitha: Hmm. Simone's the one in for a surprise. She has no idea
what's in store for her tonight.
Timmy: Timmy's a nervous wreck. He needs to know who's going to die.
Tabitha: I don't know myself, Timmy. I just know that someone nearby is
going to meet their maker tonight.
Julian: Our
plan to break up Luis and Sheridan is going to work, isn't it?
Rebecca: Well, of course it will. It's a wonderful plan.
Julian: Yes. Yes, you're right, my pet. I've come to think of this
scheme as a crème de la crème, my piece de resistance.
Rebecca: Hmm, you are so right. It's inspired.
Julian: Yes, it is ingenious. But still, I won't rest until our mission
is accomplished. If anything would go wrong, no matter what the reason,
father would rake me over the coals and never reinstate me as his heir or
let me take over Crane industries.Theresa: I wish we could just erase this terrible night.
Ethan: I don't know what to make of all this, especially the fact that
Sheridan says she saw Luis in bed with another woman.
Theresa: Yeah, but I know that Luis would never do anything like that.
Ethan: Well, I mean, this is just bizarre. You know, Sheridan wouldn't
make this up. If she wanted to break up with Luis, she'd just do it. She's
not that devious.
Theresa: Well, neither is my brother. I mean, Luis is as honest and
straightforward as they come.
Ethan: Something strange is going on. I just wish I knew what it was.
Theresa: This has been a terrible night. I just get the chills thinking
about it.
Luis:
Sheridan, I can't go home -- not till I know what your decision is.
Sheridan: Please, Luis, I need some time to think.
Luis: How much time?
Sheridan: I don't know. I don't know anything right now.
Luis: I can't live like this.
Sheridan:, I got to end this nightmare tonight, one way or the other.
Sheridan: What do you mean?
Luis: Well, either we got to get back together or we got to break up
forever. I can't stand to see you tortured like this and I’d be lying if I
said it wasn't tearing me up.
Sheridan: I can't talk about this anymore tonight. I just -- I can’t.
Luis: Sheer--
Sheridan:, I can't lose you. You mean everything to me.
Sheridan:: Luis. I love you so much, but how can we go on after what
happened tonight?
Kay: After
tonight, Miguel will be mine. Well, this time nothing's going to go wrong. This
time I'll seduce Miguel right into my bed.
Simone: And then what, Kay? What are you going to do after you seduce
Miguel?
Kay: Keep him. What else?
Simone: Easier said.
Kay: No, Miguel will not leave me -- not after he finds out I’m
pregnant with his baby. This is it. He's coming. [Kay sobs]
Miguel: Kay?
Miguel: Kay, what's the matter? Did something happen? Kay, talk to me.
What's wrong?
Whitney:
Chad. What are you doing here?
Chad: I didn't mean to scare you. I just couldn't stay away. Look,
Whitney, I love you too much to let anything come between us.
Whitney: Actually, I'm glad that you're here.
Chad: Yeah? I really wasn't too sure how you'd feel, I mean, especially
after how you took off out of the book cafe.
Whitney: Look, I'm sorry that I ran off like that. It's just that, you
know, with all the strange things happening tonight -- I mean, my vision
and then, right after, that seeing you kissing Simone -- it just kind of
--
Chad: Whitney, Whitney, you don't have to apologize for anything. And
as soon as Simone gets home, we're both going to tell her the truth.
Whitney: I just -- I just pray that she doesn't take it too hard, you
know?
Chad: Well, she is going to be a little upset, but, I mean, I think
she'll get over it. And hopefully, you know, she'll be cool with me and
her being friends. I don't want to talk about Simone right now. So what do
you want to talk about?
Chad: I don't want to talk at all.
Simone: Chad kissed me tonight! He wants to be with me and only me. The
light is on in Whitney's room. I'm going to tell her all about the most
wonderful night of my life.
Simone: Oh, my God. It can't be. Not Whitney and Chad. No! No!
Theresa: I
always believed that we are destined to be together forever. But now I’m afraid
of what fate has in store for us.
Ethan: What do you mean?
Theresa: Well, my fortune cookie said that we were going to have a
double wedding. And if Luis and Sheridan don't get married, it means that
we won't, either.
Ethan: I love you. Nothing is going to keep us from becoming husband
and wife, all right?
Theresa: Ethan? I don't know what to believe anymore. But if we don't
get married, I'm not sure what I'll do.Luis: We have to make it through this.
Sheridan: I thought you were going home.
Luis: I can't leave without knowing what your decision is. Do -- do we
have a future?
Sheridan: I'm sorry. It's over. Luis, it's over.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 6/11/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 6/11/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Charity: No. No. It can't be.
Priest: Do you, Miguel, take this woman
to be your lawfully wedded wife?
Miguel: I do.
Charity: Miguel.
Kay: Miguel, I -- I just want to be alone right now, please.
Miguel: No --
Kay: Just go.
Miguel: No, Kay. I'm not leaving you like this. Talk to me. What's
wrong?
Kay: Do you really want to know?
Miguel: Of course I do.
Kay: Miguel, I'm so unhappy. Nobody loves me.
Sheridan: More than anything, I have to be able to trust the man I
marry.
Luis: And you can't trust me? Is that what you're saying?
Sheridan: What am I supposed to think when you leave in the middle of
our engagement party to make love to another woman?
Luis: Damn it, Sheridan, I told you that I was at the police station
the whole time. I wasn't with another woman. I swear I wasn't. But you
know what? I'll do better than that. I'll prove it to you.
Sheridan: How?
Luis: I'll find this woman that I was supposed to be with. I'll track
her down, and we'll get to the bottom of this.
Sheridan: No, Luis.
Luis: What do you mean, no?
Sheridan: I mean that my mind is made up. It's over.
Rebecca: Our plan is really working, Julian.
Julian: Brilliantly conceived and brilliantly executed. And I say that
in all modesty.
Rebecca: I just wish I had a picture of the look on Sheridan's face
when she saw her beloved fiancé in the arms of another woman.
Julian: She had no idea it was an imposter we hired to don a Luis
look-alike mask. No, no --
Rebecca: And nothing else.
[Rebecca and Julian laugh]
Julian: The point is she bought the whole thing.
Rebecca: Yes. I'm sure she has told Luis in no uncertain terms that it
is over between them.
Julian: Oh, yes. It's time to savor our success. Wellington whipped
Napoleon, Eisenhower crushed Hitler, Schwarzkopf made Saddam cry uncle,
and I, Julian Crane, destroyed Luis and Sheridan. Oh.
Rebecca: Mon general, I salute you.
Julian: Oh, mon ami.
Rebecca: Je t'adore.
Julian: Ah!
Rebecca: Music. We cannot have a celebration without music.
Julian: A wee dram. Just to wet your whistle -- not that your whistle
needs wetting. [Julian laughs] [Julian hums]
[Music plays]
Julian: I've never met anyone like you. You can fight me, but I know
you want me as much as I want you, don't you, eve? Don't you?
Rebecca: You know, there is nothing like a smoldering blues song to put
one in the mood. Well, it's certainly working for someone. Julian?
Julian: Hmm -- what?
Rebecca: Well, this song -- it's really getting to you. Why? Or is it
the singer?
Julian: Hmm.
T.C.: What a strange night.
Eve: You had a bad time, honey. I'm sorry.
T.C.: Yeah. My father who's been deceased for years all of a sudden
appeared to me.
Eve: It was just a vision, honey. That's all.
T.C.: Yeah, but it made me -- it made me relive all of those bad
moments in my past -- the accident, my tennis career being ended, all
because of Julian Crane.
Eve: The past was in my mind, too. Stop it! No, please, somebody --
help! He's taking my baby! No! My baby! My baby! No! Well, I just want to
put tonight behind us.
T.C.: Yeah. I just can't forget when my father -- when my father
appeared to me in the fog. He said there was something I should know,
something that Julian Crane did to my family in the past. What could he
have meant by that?
Chad: What's wrong?
Whitney: It's just -- it's just Simone. You know, I wouldn't want her
to walk in and see us like this. I mean, she thinks that you're still in
love with her.
Chad: But we are going to tell her the truth as soon as she gets home,
ok?
Whitney: Yeah, I know. We have to.
Chad: Ok. But until she does get home --
Simone: No.
How could you, Whitney? You know that I love Chad and Chad loves me! No. No.
They can't be kissing. They can't.
Simone: No. You love me, Chad. You love me. Me. Not Whitney. No. This
can't be happening. Maybe this is a -- maybe this is a dream. Yes, yes.
You know, there's so many weird things have been happening because of the
fog, and -- and it's still foggy. So maybe this is a dream, and I'm going
to wake up any moment, and all of this is going to disappear. Yes. It's
going to disappear.
Miguel: I love you. I have always loved you, Kay.
Kay: Oh, Miguel. You have made me so happy.
Charity: You love me, Miguel, not Kay. You love me.
Miguel: How could you think that nobody loves you? That's crazy.
Kay: But it's true.
Miguel: What about your parents?
Kay: They don't count.
Miguel: Of course they do. And your sister loves you and your brother.
And Charity. And I love you, too.
Kay: You love me?
Miguel: Of course I do. You're my best friend, Kay.
Kay: Miguel, I'm not talking about that kind of love. I'm talking about
the kind of love where two people can't live without each other, the kind
of love I saw tonight at Sheridan and Luis' engagement party.
Miguel: That's the real thing, all right.
Kay: And they're going to get married. And Ethan and Theresa are going
to get married, and you and Charity are even talking about getting
married. Everybody's got someone to love but me. I've got no one, no one
to care about. I may as well just get on the next bus and run away.
Miguel: What do you mean?
Kay: Just leave, go, and never come back.
Miguel: No. Don't talk like that, Kay. You're beautiful and smart and
funny. And Reese is crazy about you.
Kay: Reese.
Miguel: Ok. You know, if you don't love him anymore, that's cool.
You'll find somebody else.
Kay: Miguel, I was hoping that someone would be you.
Miguel: Oh.Luis: You're saying our relationship's over?
Sheridan: No. I'm saying I want this night to be over, this incident
with this woman to be over. And as far as I'm concerned, it is over.
Luis: But I told you --
Sheridan: I don't want to talk about it anymore. I love you. I want to
marry you. I can't live without you, Luis Lopez Fitzgerald.
Luis: Oh, Sheridan. You don't know how glad you've just made me. I love
you so much.
Luis: I knew you'd never believe I was with another woman.
Sheridan: Yes. I do believe you.
Sheridan: I just got through telling you --
Luis: I know what you said. But I can see what you feel in your eyes.
You still think that I was with another woman and you don't believe that I
was at the police station the whole time.
Sheridan: It's pointless talking about it.
Luis: Well, it isn't to me.
Sheridan: Why can't we just forget the whole thing?
Luis: Because I'm telling you the truth and I want you to believe me.
Sheridan: Look, it's just all so weird. You know, first this woman
calls on your cell phone, and then, you know, I see her at the party. Who
was she?
Luis: I told you I have no idea.
Sheridan: I saw you two talking.
Luis: It wasn't me.
Sheridan: The old woman -- she swore that there had never been a couple
in her house when I had seen you in bed with this woman not an hour
before!
Luis: Sheridan, that never happened.
Sheridan: It had to have been the wrong house. There is no other house
around that looks like it.
Luis: Well, I wasn't at any house with any woman. I was at the station
house.
Sheridan: Could I be losing my mind? What other explanation is there?
Luis: Sheridan, you're not losing your mind. All right? You remember
what you saw, but it had nothing to do with me. Look, somebody is playing
games with us. Now, I’m going to find out who and why.
Sheridan: No, please, just let it go.
Luis: "Let it go"?
Sheridan: Let's just move on with our lives. All I want is to be with
you.
[Music plays]
Rebecca: What are you doing?
Julian: Well, I'm turning it off.
Rebecca: No, no. I want to listen. I mean, there's something about that
voice, I -- I -- I feel like I’ve heard it before.
Julian: Really? I didn't think you listened to jazz.
Rebecca: Well, no, I really don't, but -- I don't know. It just sounds
so familiar. [Music stops]
Rebecca: Could I know who this is?
Julian: I'd better call our Luis imposter and make sure he and Deedee
are leaving town.
Julian: Ahem. [Telephone rings]
Fake Luis: Yeah.
Julian: It's Julian.
Fake Luis: Ow, watch it!
Deedee: Hold still!
Julian: You two aren't still at that house, are you, after I told you
to leave town?
Fake Luis: Uh -- no, no. We're on our way to the airport right now.
Julian: Oh. Well, excellent.
Fake Luis: Yeah. I wasn't expecting to be hearing from you.
Julian: I wanted to make doubly sure that you destroyed the mask.
Fake Luis: Don't worry about it. I'll burn the damn thing.
Julian: Yeah. You make sure that you do. Without that mask, Luis and
Sheridan will never know what happened, hmm?
Eve: I hope you're not taking this thing with your father too
seriously.
T.C.: Sweetheart, I'm not going to ignore it.
Eve: Well, honey, you hit your head. Your father was just in your
subconscious.
T.C.: Yeah, I guess, but it was so real. I mean, what he said was so
strong.[T.C.'s Flashback]
Mr. Russell: Don't you know this place is pure evil? And there are
other horrible things that Julian's done in the past.
T.C.: Pop, I’m sure there are, but what does that have to do with me?
Mr. Russell: You have clues, T.C. You just don't want to admit what you
suspect. But you better come to grips with it, son. Because if you don't,
it'll destroy your whole family.T.C.: I won't let anyone destroy my family. I'll find out what Julian
did in the past.
Eve: Oh, T.C. --
T.C.: Sweetheart, it wasn't just messing up my tennis and taking my
career away. My father said that it was something else. If it turns out
that Julian hurt or even so much touched someone in my family, I swear to
you, eve, I will kill him.
Miguel: I love Charity. You know that, Kay. So there can't be anything
between you and me.
Kay: That's not what you said when we were trapped in the tunnel. You
said if Charity had never come to town, you and I would've gotten
together. And that made me look at you in a whole new way.
Miguel: But she did, Kay. And that's the reality.
Kay: For now, yes.
Miguel: Forever. I mean, she's my whole life. You know, we're going to
get married. You know that, Kay.
Kay: I don't know what to think anymore. Maybe it was the fog. But
tonight when Charity said she saw us about to make love, it got me
thinking. Charity's visions always come true.
Miguel: Not always.
Kay: Miguel, I've never known her to be wrong. I mean, she sure seems
to be able to see into the future. And she saw us, you and me. Miguel,
what if you don't really love Charity? What if you really love me?
Simone: I didn't see it! It was all my imagination! Ok. Don't worry.
Whitney was not kissing Chad. It was all in your mind. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. All
right. Just wait. Wait a couple of minutes before you go inside, Simone.
Ok? You don't want -- you don't want him to see you all puffy-eyed. Ok.
It's ok. Chad loves you. It was all in your mind. It was all in your mind.

Chad: Hey, are you still worried about Simone?
Whitney: Well, it's late. I mean, she should've been home by now, don't
you think?
Chad: All right. Let's just see if we can track her down, then.
Whitney: Who are you calling?
Chad: The book cafe. Hey, what's up, man? Hey, it's Chad. Yeah, listen,
Simone Russell isn't hanging around there, is she? All right. All right,
well, thanks. All right, later. She left a while ago.
Whitney: Oh, man. Now I'm really worried. Where could she be?
Chad: Don't worry, all right? Maybe she's just, you know, hanging out
with some friends.
Whitney: You know I love my sister. You know, we're as close as two
sisters could possibly be. And I would never do anything to hurt her. But
now there's no way that she won't be hurt. I mean, Chad, come on. You are
her first love. I know how I’d feel if my first love was taken away from
me. You know, especially by my own sister?
Chad: Who would your first love be, Whitney?
Simone: Ok. Oh, no. Maybe it wasn't a dream.
Miguel: Look, Charity's premonition or vision or whatever it was --
it's -- it's off this time. My future's with her.
Kay: So many of her visions have come true. Why can't you believe this
one?
Miguel: Because I love Charity -- now, you know, and tomorrow, and next
week -- for the rest of my life.
Kay: Well, then, how do you explain Charity seeing the two of us about
to make love?
Miguel: There's nothing to explain, all right? She didn't know what she
was saying, you know. She saw that statue of the two lovers, and she
thought it was you and me. But it was just the fog. It affected everybody.
I'm sorry. All right, I know that you want someone to love you, but it
can't be me. Not like that. I love Charity.
Kay: Miguel, I'm sorry. I don't mean to be a burden. It's not fair to
you.
Miguel: You are not a burden, Kay.
Kay: It's so nice of you and your family to let me stay here while our
house is being rebuilt.
Miguel: You'd do the same for any of us. We're like family.
Kay: "Family."
Miguel: You know, we look out for each other.
Kay: God. I feel so alone tonight. Could you may-- no, never mind.
Miguel: Could I what?
Kay: Could you just lie next to me and hold me?
Whitney: God, please help me! I didn't know that he was my brother. I
didn't know that I was committing incest! But now what do I do? We have --
we have a baby! Oh, God, please help me! Please!
Simone: If Whitney and Chad kiss, I'll die because then I’ll know it's
real. I'll know it wasn't my imagination.
Whitney: You know who my first love is, Chad. It's you.
Simone: Don't do it, Whitney. Don't do it! Don't kiss Chad! Chad loves
me! He loves me! Please -- please don't do it. Don't you dare kiss him!
Eve: You can't do this, T.C. You can't let your anger destroy our
lives.
T.C.: It's not our lives. It's Julian’s.
Eve: I asked you -- no, I begged you -- to promise me that no matter
what Julian did that you would not try and kill him. Now, I am asking you
again. Your promise would be the greatest gift that you could give me.
Honey, please swear to me that you won't try and kill Julian.
T.C.: Honey, I would do anything in this world for you. But if my
father is right, if he hurt anyone in my family, I will kill him.
Eve: Please, T.C.!
T.C.: Honey, I’m not going to make you a promise I can't keep!
Eve: Well, then, if not for me, then for the girls. Don't let your
hatred for Julian Crane hurt the people that you love most in the world.
Rebecca: Ahem.
Rebecca: I thought I'd slip into something more comfortable.
Julian: Very fetching.
[Rebecca chuckles]
Julian: Very fetching, indeed.
Rebecca: I thought you'd like it.
Julian: Seeing you in this tuxedo gives me an idea for a new game --
orchestra. I'll be the French horn.
Rebecca: And I'll tootle the flute.
Julian: Ah, you tootle like no one else on earth, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Hmm-hmm.
Rebecca: Well, come on, my love. Your band box is waiting upstairs.
Julian: Grrr --
[Rebecca laughs]
Julian: Oh! There's something I must do first. You see -- ahem -- I no
longer need to find a way to kill Sheridan now that she and Luis have
broken up for good.
Rebecca: You know, I must say I’m impressed with the lengths you and
Alistair went to to break up Luis and Sheridan.
Julian: There are things in the Crane past that can never see the light
of day.
Rebecca: Yes, there must be.
Julian: Right.
Rebecca: Like T.C. Russell, for instance. Why did he want to kill you?
Julian: Forget that ever happened.
Rebecca: Yeah, as if I could.
Julian: To hell with going upstairs. Let's play right here.
[Rebecca
giggles]
Rebecca: Oh, my French horn.
[Rebecca and Julian laugh]
Sheridan: I'm glad you agreed to come and tell my brother that you and
I are back together.
Luis: I just want to put this whole thing behind us. So I’ll thank
Julian for the party, apologize for the mix-up, then move on from there.&nbsp;[Rebecca and Julian laugh]
Julian: Oh, yes. Whoopee. Oh -- Sheridan.
Rebecca: Ahem.
Julian: I -- I -- I was just showing Rebecca an origami move.
Luis: Yeah. Yeah, I heard you were a black belt in origami, Julian.
Julian: Uh --
Sheridan: Origami is the art of paper folding, Julian.
Julian: What is he -- eeh! He doing here?
Sheridan: We came to tell you something about Luis and me.
International news ,coverage you can count on global news at 11.00 singer:
You are my passion for life
Julian: What is it you want to tell me? Is it something bad? Has Lopez
Fitzgerald hurt you again?
Sheridan: That's part of the reason we're here. Frankly, I don't know
what was going on when I looked inside that woman's bedroom.
Julian: What, you -- you saw Luis in bed with some woman who was here.
That's what you told me.
Sheridan: I know, but --
Julian: On the night of your engagement party, your fiancé was
unfaithful to you, and you witnessed it.
Luis: It wasn't me. The man in that bed wasn't me, Julian.
Rebecca: And you believe that?
Sheridan: It couldn't have been Luis. He would never hurt me like that.

Rebecca: Well, you saw it with your own eyes. How do you explain that?
Sheridan: I made a mistake.
Julian: Oh! A mistake?
Sheridan: Look, I'm not going to throw away my future with the man I
love because of something I might not have seen. The house was dark and I
couldn't see very well. And, besides, Luis and I went back to investigate.

Luis: Yeah, we went to the old lady's house. She said there hadn't been
any young couple in the bedroom.
Sheridan: We must've had the wrong house.
Luis: I wanted to do some more investigating, but Sheridan convinced me
not to.
Sheridan: I've decided that the best thing is for me to just move on
with my life. That's why I’m here. I want you and Rebecca to know that
I’ve forgiven Luis.
Julian: No. You can't forgive him!
Miguel: Look -- if it'll make you feel better, I'll lay beside you and
hold you.
Kay: That would be really sweet.
Kay: That feels good.
Miguel: You should close your eyes and try to get some sleep.
Everything will be better in the morning.
Kay: But if I sleep, I'll have bad dreams. Miguel, could you stay with
me all night?
Miguel: You know, I'll be right down the hall. And if you have any bad
dreams, all you have to do is holler.
Kay: Miguel, please stay with me.
Miguel: I don't think that's --
Kay: Miguel, please.
Miguel: Ok. You go to sleep, and I’ll be right here next to you.
Kay: All night?
Miguel: Yes.
Kay: You're so good to me. So nice. Just one more thing -- take off
your clothes.
Miguel: What?
T.C.: You're going to die, Julian, for what you did to my wife!
Julian: No!
T.C.: You're going to die!
Eve: Stop it! Stop it, T.C.! T.C., let him go!
T.C.: The son that you and eve had -- he fathered my daughter's child!
Eve: Stop it, T.C.! Let him go!
Julian: I didn't know about eve's baby until it was too late! I swear!
Don't kill me! Oh! Oh!
Eve: Let him go, T.C.! Let him go! Don't kill him, please!
Charity: No! No, stop! Stop!
T.C.: Honey, you're getting upset for no reason. I won't find out
anything that's going to push me into trying to kill Julian again. I mean,
he's too smart to come near my family. He hasn't done anything to you or
the girls.
Eve: Look, T.C., when you see Julian talk to me, you just get so angry
that I'm worried that -- that you could do something, that in the heat of
the moment that you could act irrationally.
T.C.: Ok, all right. I do get a little hyper jealous sometimes when
he's near you. Eve, I trust you, honey. I trust you implicitly. I know
that you would never have anything to do with that slime. Sweetheart,
don't worry about the girls, all right? I'm going to be around a long time
to take care of you and them. All right?
Simone: No. No! It wasn't a dream. Whitney's kissing my boyfriend. My
only sister is kissing the only boy I ever loved.
Julian: How can you, a Crane, let him blatantly deceive you and then
simply forgive him?
Rebecca: Have you no self-respect?
Sheridan: Stay out of this, Rebecca.
Julian: Well, she asked a good question, Sheridan.
Sheridan: And my answer is that I love Luis.
Rebecca: Well, he obviously doesn't love you.
Sheridan: I said stay out.
Rebecca: What, betraying you with some bimbo?
Luis: All right, that's it! Now, look, we came here to give the good
news. We are sure as hell not going to stand around and let you insult us.
Now, the truth is that I was at the police station all night, on duty.
And if you --
[Pager beeps]
Luis: It's the desk sergeant. I have to take this.
Julian: What can you possibly be thinking? The man is obviously lying
through his teeth, and you're letting him get away with it -- again. Look
what happened on the wharf. You heard him say he was just using you.
Rebecca: And you forgave him.
Sheridan: I am not going to tell you again.
Julian: Luis is like every other man in your life -- they lie and they
cheat on you and you accept their explanations. But not this time. I'm not
letting a Lopez Fitzgerald humiliate my little sister. Deedee: Ugh!
Finally we can get out of here. Fake
Luis: Not until we get rid of the damn thing. Julian wants me to burn
it.
Whitney: I didn't know that he was my brother. Oh, God, please help me.
Please.
Julian: Oh!
Eve: Stop it, T.C.! I never meant for you to find out about my baby!
Charity: No. No. No!
Chad: Nothing -- not even this crazy fog -- could come between us.
Look, I knew you were upset when you saw me kissing Simone --
Whitney: I know, I know. You thought it was me. I know that now.
Chad: I love you. And Simone is just going to have to understand that
you and I are made for each other.
Simone: I feel like such a fool! Why didn't I listen to Kay? Why didn't
I listen to her! She was so right about everything. Especially Whitney.
How could my own sister be such a snake?
Sheridan: I appreciate your wanting to protect me, Julian, but I can't
walk away from feelings. I love Luis.
Julian: Is there nothing I can do to change your mind?
Sheridan: Nothing. You said it yourself -- I have a history of letting
men lie to me. So if Luis is lying to me, then it's going to take more
than words for me to give him up. It's going to take a slap in the face.
Luis: Well, that shoots me down for the night. I'm needed on a
stakeout. Sorry.
Sheridan: It's ok. I guess I'll just have to get used to it, like all
cops' wives. I'll call you later.
Luis: Oh, no. I can't be reached. Come on, I’ll walk you back to the
cottage.
Sheridan: I hope you'll be able to accept that I believe Luis and that
we're back together, stronger than ever.
Julian: Well, it's your decision. What else can I do but accept it? I
just want you to be happy, dear.
Sheridan: I am. So let's move on.
Rebecca: Well, I guess we're going to be needing this.
Julian: Sheridan needs a slap in the face. That's what she's going to
get.
[Telephone rings]
Fake Luis: Hello.
Julian: You aren't on the plane yet, I trust.
Fake Luis: No.
Julian: Thank God for small mercies. I have one more job for you.Fake Luis: You got the check book, I got the time.
Julian: Don't worry about that. You just concern yourself with getting
this done. I want you to utterly and completely crush my sister's belief
in the man she loves.
Miguel: Look, I'll stay here, I'll hold you so you don't have bad
dreams, but there's no way I’m going to take my clothes off.
Kay: Miguel, all I meant was your clothes feel a little damp from the
fog and you're going to catch a cold if you don't take them off. Miguel,
we're friends. I know I can trust you.
Miguel: You're right. I mean, my clothes do feel a little clammy.
Kay's
voice: I know I can trust you, Miguel, but you can't trust me.
[Music
plays] singer: Wherever I go whatever I see over oceans unknown you are
always with me pure as the water we float on this wave on the breath of an
angel I’ll fly away
Charity: No!
Charity: Simone!
[Simone screams]
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 6/12/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 6/12/01






Proofread by  Elissia
[Telephone rings]
Sheridan: Hello?
Luis: Hey. I'm on the stakeout.
Sheridan: I thought you said I wouldn't be able to get in touch with
you.
Luis: Well, that doesn't mean I can't get in touch with you.
Sheridan: Great. We can talk all night, then.
Luis: I wish. It's not going to happen. Look, I just sneaked this call
because there's no action yet, and -- well, I didn't want to make it a
long apology.
Sheridan: What are you talking about, "apology"?
Luis: Yeah, well, after everything you've been through -- you know,
thinking I betrayed you for another woman, even for a second. That must've
hurt.
Sheridan: Look, Luis, I'm just glad we've been able to get past this.
No apology necessary.
Luis: Well, I am going to make it up to you. I'm going to fix things so
-- so nothing like this ever happens again.Julian: You're not saying anything.
Fake Luis: Who, me? What's to say? You got the bucks, I’ll make the
time. Anything you want, Mr. Crane. Name it.
Julian: I hope to God you haven't burned that mask yet.
Fake Luis: Uh-uh. Not yet.
Deedee: Hey!
Julian: What happened?
Fake Luis: Nothing. I'm holding the mask here, so we're all a go. What
do you want me to do?
Julian: I want Sheridan to believe that Luis Lopez Fitzgerald is the
scum of the earth. And she's to believe that starting tonight.T.C.: Honey, I love you so much.
Eve: I love you, too, sweetheart.
T.C.: I want you to go to sleep. Don't worry. Everything's going to be
all right.
Eve: What was that?
T.C.: I didn't hear anything.
Eve: Are the girls still up?
T.C.: At this hour? It's a school day tomorrow. They should've gone to
bed a couple hours ago.
Eve: Just jumpy, I guess.
T.C.: Nothing that a good night's sleep won't cure.
Eve: Yes, it will.
T.C.: Now, honey, I don't want you to worry about anything -- me, my
temper, anyone or anything interfering with our lives because I won't let
that happen.
[Eve Flashback]Eve: Stop it! No! Please, somebody! Help! He's taking my baby! No! My
baby! My baby! No!
Eve's voice: My baby didn't die. He was stolen. No. No, he did die. He
did. But why did I have that vision? What does it mean?Timmy: Oh. Timmy's going stir crazy.
Tabitha: Oh, it can't be much longer. Bennett’s can't stay awake
forever.
Timmy: Tabby shouldn't have let them stay in the first place.
Tabitha: I had no choice, Timmy. Their house imploded. I was forced to
appear neighborly.
Timmy: Timmy can't even sit back with a marTimmy and watch "leno." But
who can relax when all tabby's talking about is death being near?
Tabitha: Well, it is, Timmy. The feeling I had was so strong. Someone
is going to die tonight, I'm sure of it. Uh-oh. Oh, the vial with Kay's
soul in it is heating up. She must be up to something wicked.
Timmy: And Miguel will be her victim.
Tabitha: Yeah. Kay said she was going to figure out a way to be alone
with him tonight. Miguel must be making progress.
Miguel: You were right, Kay. The fog really did get my clothes damp.
Kay: It's really sweet of you, Miguel, to lay here with me until I fall
asleep.
Miguel: Come on, Kay. Don't cry.
Kay: I can't help it. I don't have anybody to love me the way I want to
be loved.
Miguel: It's all going to work out. You'll see.
Kay: I'm sure it will, as long as you're next to me.
Kay's voice: I've got you right where I want you, Miguel. You are all
mine.
Charity: No! Simone! Simone, no. No. No, Simone. No.
Whitney: Simone's not home yet. I mean, the book cafe said she left a
long time ago, right?
Chad: Yeah.
Whitney: So, she should've been home by now.
Chad: Hey, look, don't worry, ok?
Whitney: It's just that I dread having to tell my sister that I am the
one that you're in love with. She's going to be devastated about it all.
Chad: Well, the sooner she finds out about it, the better it's going to
be for everybody.
Whitney: I know. It's just the thought of her being hurt that way, it
--
Chad: Look, she's going to be fine, ok? She'll get over it. All right?
She's going to come to realize that all she had was just a crush on me.
It's nothing like what you and I have.
Whitney: Chad, Simone may get over it, but will she ever forgive me?
Whitney: The fog is so thick out there. I mean, where could Simone be?
Tabitha: Uh-oh, things are definitely heating up, Timmy. Uh-oh. Whoops,
whoops. It's pulling me!
Timmy: Zowie!
Tabitha: Looks like the vial is taking us to the guest room where
Charity's sleeping, Timmy. Oh!
Timmy: Ow! Ouch! That hurt.
Tabitha: Shh, shh, shh.
Charity: Miguel --
Tabitha: Charity's having a bad dream about Miguel.
Miguel: I never loved her, Kay. I never loved Charity. I know that now.
[Charity gasps]
Charity: Tabitha, what's going on?
Tabitha: Oh, oh, you poor dear. I heard you crying out in your sleep,
so I came running in. You must've been having a bad dream.
Charity: Oh, it was awful. Miguel was with Kay, and they were making
love and he was -- he was telling her that he loved her, not me.
Tabitha: Oh, Charity, you know Miguel loves you. Everyone knows that.
It was just a silly dream, dear.
Charity: I know, but it seemed really real. It was almost like a
glimpse into the future. And then there was another part, too, with --
with Simone, and she was in a fog, and there were these headlights and --
you know, I have to talk to Miguel.
Tabitha: Ooh! No, no, dear. No, it's far too late. You can't go out now
-- not into that thick, dark fog. Oh, no, no.
Charity: But --
Tabitha: No, no, you -- no arguments, please. Under the covers you go.
And I will be back in a jiffy with a nice cup of hot tea that will help to
make you sleep.
Timmy: Oh! Charity looks so unhappy.
Tabitha: Oh, she has every reason to be. That girl is having more than
a dream. Kay is going to get Miguel to make love to her tonight, and we
have to make sure that Charity can't stop it. Because once Kay has seduced
Miguel, it means that he will be through with Charity. Which in turn means
that she will never come into her full powers, so you and I will be saved!

Timmy: Saved.
Tabitha: Yes. I am going to make our little dreamer in there a very
special cup of tea. Come on.
Timmy: What's tabby up to?
Kay: Miguel, I hope you're not angry with me.
Miguel: Angry?
Kay: For asking if there could be anything between us -- if you could
love me the way Sheridan and Luis love each other.
Miguel: I'm not angry, Kay. You know, it's just tonight's been so
weird. You know, like people doing weird things and saying weird things
and seeing things that aren't even there. You know, like Charity thinking
that she saw us about to make love. It was that fog. All this crazy stuff
started happening as soon as it rolled in. And it seems like it's affected
everybody.
Kay: The fog. I mean, that's got to be it. But, Miguel, I can't help
but wonder why all this weirdness has been going on. And maybe it was
meant to tell us something.
Miguel: You know, sometimes things just happen and they don't mean
anything. You know, I'm sure the fog will be gone in the morning, and all
these crazy hallucinations will be gone with it.
Kay: We'll just have to wait and see, I guess.
Miguel: You know, I think the best thing for both of us right now would
just be to get some sleep. Good night.
Kay: It's not the best thing.
Miguel: What was that?
Kay: I just said I'll probably fall asleep a little better if you'll
put your arm around me.
Sheridan: You're going to fix it so I never what?
Luis: Have any doubts about me.
Sheridan: And how do you intend to do that?
Luis: By never letting you out of my sight. See, I’m going to handcuff
you to me.
Sheridan: Ooh. You'll have to read me my rights first.
Luis: I think I'd rather show you your rights.
Sheridan: Oh, I like the sound of that. You know, we could do it now. I
could come down there and help you with your stakeout.
Luis: Oh, I'm tempted. I hate being apart from you. But then I never
really am. You're always in my heart and my mind, my soul.
Sheridan: I love you so much. You're the most wonderful, loving man in
the world.
Luis: I'm just getting warmed up. Wait till you catch my act in 50
years.
Sheridan: And I will. I intend to be by your side for the rest of our
lives. [Knock on door]
Sheridan: Oh, someone's at the door. Hold on just a sec.
Man: Ms.
Sheridan Crane?
Sheridan: Yes?
Man: From Luis Lopez Fitzgerald.
Sheridan: Oh. Luis, they're beautiful.
Julian: You are to use the mask one last time. And I say "last" because
it's imperative that it works this time.
Fake Luis: That what works, Mr. C? You want me and Deedee to have
another little roll in the hay? Have Sheridan walk in on us again?
Julian: No. Nothing that fun. Sheridan is going to see a side of Luis
she's never seen before, and it's going to blow her away. But it must be
done quickly.
Fake Luis: All you have to do is tell me what and when.
Julian: Don't move from Deedee’s place. I'll be over there shortly.
After tonight, my sister will positively despise that cop.
Rebecca: I'd like to believe you, Julian. But I'm starting to have this
terrible feeling that we are never going to be able to break up Luis and
Sheridan.
Julian: We must. Father will skin me alive if we don’t.
Rebecca: Oh, perhaps the only way to keep Luis from digging into the
Crane past is for you to go back to Alistair’s plan and -- ugh -- kill
Sheridan.
Julian: I hope to God that never happens. But you are right in thinking
that Sheridan has a high level of tolerance when it comes to men deceiving
her. She has a very forgiving heart. Tonight, that heart is going to
shrivel up and die.Sheridan: Luis, they're absolutely gorgeous.
Luis: I know a bunch of roses can't make up for everything you've been
through when you thought that I betrayed you. But the roses -- the roses
are a symbol of my undying love for you. Now, they're the same kind of
roses that my father planted for my mother years ago. When we get married,
I’m going to plant roses, too -- a mark of my love for you. And then every
year when they bloom, you and I will declare it a holiday, and we'll go
out in the garden with the kids.
Sheridan: You're going to make me cry.
Luis: No, the flowers are supposed to make you happy.
Sheridan: I am. I'm the happiest woman in the world.
Luis: You deserve to be. Well, I better get back to work now.
Sheridan: Well, when will we speak again?
Luis: I'll call you the first chance I get.
Sheridan: I'll be waiting.
Luis: I love you, Sheridan. Never forget that.
Sheridan: Never.
Julian: Ready, lover? All set for the final act?
Rebecca: Want to give me a synopsis?
Julian: Well, you recall how our imposter can make his voice sound
exactly like Luis?
Rebecca: The similarity is uncanny.
Julian: We're going to set it up so that Sheridan hears her fiancé
arguing with Deedee. And what she will hear will give her no choice but to
hate Luis forever. The gloves are coming off, Rebecca. It's time we play
rough. Sheridan said it would take a slap in the face for her to stop
loving Luis. Well, tonight, the Crane players offer a brilliant new
production of "she who gets slapped."

 Eve: Who are you? Who are you? What are you doing? Stop it! No! Please,
somebody!
Eve's voice: My baby is dead. The past is behind me. I'll just
pray that T.C. Never finds out Julian and I had a child. My baby's death
still hurts so much. Maybe grace is right. Maybe I should share my pain
with T.C., Let him comfort me.
T.C.: Sweetheart?
Eve: Hi.
T.C.: Honey, why are you awake? Is something bothering you? You want to
talk?
Eve: I do. But I'm afraid what I'm going say is going to upset you. I
don't think you're going to like it.
T.C.: Honey -- sweetheart, I love you. Whatever you got to tell me, I
don't know how it's going to upset me that much.Tabitha: And now --
Timmy: What'll it do?
Tabitha: Put Charity out for hours.
Timmy: And what if it doesn't?
Tabitha: Well, then we'll move on to plan B.
Timmy: What's plan b?
Tabitha: I haven't the faintest, but I'll think of something. I'll tie
Charity to the bloody bed if I have to. What matters now is keeping her
away from Miguel. Because if Kay's up to what I think she's up to --
Timmy: Making moves on Miguel.
Tabitha: Yes. And we have to make sure that Charity doesn't interfere.
Because if Kay succeeds in seducing Miguel, then we won't have to worry
anymore about Charity coming into her full powers.
Timmy: As long as Charity and Miguel don't make love.
Tabitha: Right. We'll be home free.
Timmy: Timmy's not sure. He definitely doesn't want Charity coming to
her full powers, but playing such mean tricks on her --
Tabitha: Sorry, lad, but you don't have a vote. This is a monarchy, and
I rule supreme. My decisions are not to be questioned. Charity stays.
Tabitha: She's gone!
Timmy: Where is she?
Tabitha: I bet she's gone off to Miguel. Oh, come on. We've got to stop
her, Timmy. Come on, come on!
Charity: I can't leave. Simone could be in danger. I have to talk to
Miguel.
Miguel: It's Charity.
Kay: What?
Miguel: What's wrong? Everything ok?
Charity: I'm having really terrible dreams.
Kay: What are you dreaming about?
Charity: I dreamt that I saw Simone and she was in these blinding
headlights, and it was really horrible.
Kay: It was a dream, Charity. We all have nightmares.
Charity: Look, I don't think it was just a nightmare. I really think
Simone might be in danger. I was going to call the Russells myself, but I
didn't want to frighten them. So would you please just help me? Will you
please do something about it?
Miguel: I'll call Chad, and you'll see that it was all just a bad
dream. Ok?
Charity: It wasn't just a dream. It was real.Deedee: Mr. Crane, come in.
Julian: Uh --
Deedee: Yes. The fake Luis is putting on his mask in the other room.
Julian: Excellent.
Fake Luis: Hey. Well, what do you think? It's a nice touch, huh?
Julian: Yes, perfect. Well, we don't have much time. Ahem -- Luis is on
a stakeout, and Sheridan is alone at the cottage. Now, this is what I want
you to do.Miguel: Hey, Chad. It's Miguel.
Chad: Hey, what's going on, man?
Miguel: We were just wondering if you'd seen Simone since you left the
book cafe?
Chad: Uh, no. I'm with Whitney in her room. We're actually waiting for
Simone to come home right now. Why? What's up?
Miguel: Well, Charity had a bad dream about Simone, and she's kind of
worried.
Chad: Oh. Well, I think we would've heard if something had happened.
Miguel: Yeah. It was probably just a nightmare. But could you do me a
favor and just call me the minute she gets in?
Chad: Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You got it.
Miguel: All right, I’ll talk to you later.
Kay: So what did he say?
Miguel: They're waiting for Simone to come home, too.
Charity: This doesn't feel right, Miguel. The dreams I had were so
real, I cannot get them out of my mind. And the dreams I have usually come
true.
Miguel: "Dreams." So you've had others tonight?
Charity: I had one about you and Kay.
Kay: What about us?
Charity: You were making love.
Miguel: What?Timmy: Oh! Ow. People are such slobs leaving their junk in the middle
of the road. [Timmy gasps]
Tabitha: What's the matter?
Timmy: It's no junk! It's a body!
Tabitha: Oh. It's Simone. I told you someone was going to die tonight,
but I never thought the grim reaper was going to pluck Simone.
Timmy: Poor Simone. She died so young. Tabby, let's get out of here.
Timmy doesn't like hanging around with dead folk.
Tabitha: Oh, we -- we can't leave her lying here in the middle of the
road.
Timmy: Tabby doesn't care about people when they're alive. Why should
she care about them when they're --
Tabitha: Wise up, lad. I'm not worried about Simone. I can't do
		anything for her, anyway. No, what I’m concerned about is Charity
		finding the body and causing and uproar. Then Miguel will come running,
		and that'll be the end of Kay's seduction. No, no. We don't have a
		choice, lad. We're going to have to get rid of the body.
Deedee: You want him to slap me?
Julian: Hard. I want you and the fake Luis to have a no-holds-barred
knockdown-drag out. It absolutely is essential that when Sheridan walks
into this room, she sees our Luis slapping Deedee. Is that clear?
Deedee: Wait a minute. This is not what I signed on for here.
Fake Luis: Yeah, Mr. C. I have never hit a woman in my life.
Julian: If I pay you to act rough, you will act rough. It's the only
thing that will turn Sheridan off to Luis forever. The only thing she
truly despises is a man brutalizing a woman.
Rebecca: Well, every woman hates that. I mean, no matter how angry, no
matter how bad the fight, no man should ever strike a woman. I mean, that
is just a line you do not cross.
Julian: Well, tonight we're going to cross that fateful line one time
in order to make Sheridan think that Luis is a monster.
Julian: I want you to call my sister and get her over here.
Deedee: And how in the hell do you expect me to do that?
Julian: Simple. Beg her not to. [Telephone rings]
Sheridan: Hello?
Deedee: It's all your fault! Why did you have to do it?
Sheridan: Who is this?
Eve: What I have to say concerns Julian.
T.C.: Honey, I knew it. You can't sleep because I said that I will kill
Julian if he ever hurt anyone in my family.
Eve: Honey, that did upset me, but --
T.C.: Honey -- sweetheart, it was a mistake to talk about that slime
before going to bed. It's bad enough he sneaks into our waking hours.
Eve: T.C. --
T.C.: Sweetheart, listen. I don't want you to worry. I'm not going to
go after Julian. Just forget it, all right? Like I said before, if he was
to hurt someone in my family, then I would take him out.
Eve: You're serious.
T.C.: Absolutely I’m serious. Sweetheart, what kind of husband -- what
kind of father would I be if Julian did something to my family and I did
nothing? That's why I went after him on the prom boat. I thought that he
tried to hurt you. And lucky for me, I was wrong. Lucky for all of us,
because I would have killed that -- sweetheart, Julian's too smart to mess
with my family, all right? Now, don't you worry. I want you to go to sleep
and put your mind at rest. All right?
Eve's voice: I can't go on like this. I have to tell T.C. The truth.
Miguel: I don't know why you'd have a dream like that, but that's all
it is. I love you, Charity.
Kay: But it is weird, isn't it? It's the second time you've had a
vision like that, right?
Charity: Look, when I first had the vision in the maze of the two of
you making love, it didn't come true. But then tonight, I had a dream of
the two of you in bed, and then I walked to the window and look in, and
that's exactly what I saw. You're holding Kay in bed.
Miguel: I was comforting her. She was upset, and she asked me to hold
her so she could fall asleep. We were not about to make love, Charity. Far
from it.
Charity: Ok. I believe you. It's just it was really real. And what if
my vision of Simone is real, too? What if she's really hurt, Miguel?
Miguel: Look, we'll bring you over to the Russells' so you can see that
Simone is fine for yourself. We'll all go. Now, I’ll prove to you that
your dream about Simone wasn't real, just like your dream about Kay and me
making love wasn't real.
Whitney: What'd they say?
Chad: Well, they said that they were positive that they saw Simone
leaving the book cafe earlier.
Whitney: Ok, now I'm really worried. You know how Charity's
premonitions have this strange way of coming true.
Chad: Hey, listen to me. Simone is fine. You're just a little nervous
because, you know, you got to tell the truth. That's all.
Whitney: Chad, I love my little sister. All I want is the best for her.
But the sooner that I tell her about you and me, the better.
Chad: Now, are you sure you want to be the one to tell her, not me?
Whitney: No, no. Thanks, but it'll be less embarrassing for her if it
comes from me, you know?
Chad: Damn. This fog is thick. Can't even see the street.
Whitney: What could be keeping Simone?
Timmy: Timmy hates this! This is the lowest of the low. We're like
grave robbers.
Tabitha: Oh, the girl may not even be dead. She could be just out cold.

Timmy: Then call an ambulance! Call somebody! Call her mother! You have
to save her, tabby!
Tabitha: We'll do nothing of the sort. Once word gets out that
something's happened to Simone, everyone will come running, including
Miguel, and Kay's seduction will be thwarted. And worse than that, Charity
will realize that her visions are on the money. She'll reason that her
"dream" of Kay and Miguel tangled in a love tango is also on the money,
and that'll be that. She'll blow Kay right out of the water and we'll be
finished, Timmy.
Timmy: What are Timmy and tabby going to do with the body, then?
Tabitha: Wait and see. Just wait and see. Come on. Come on, come on.
Sheridan: Who is this?
Deedee: What am I supposed to say?
Julian: Tell her you are the woman that Luis loves, and tell her you're
afraid of what he'll do to you now that she knows about you.
Deedee: You want to know who? I'll tell you who. This is the woman that
Luis really loves.
Sheridan: Where are you? Where are you calling from?
Deedee: I'm at home. The house that Luis set up for me -- the one that
you had to come check out earlier.
Sheridan: What's your name?
Deedee: Why did you tell Luis you saw us? You like snooping around?
Well, let me tell you something. You made Luis very mad at me. Oh, my God.
He's coming back. Please don't tell Luis that I called you. He'll kill me.
I swear to God he'll kill me! Ow! Oh, no, Luis, don't! Oh, you're hurting
me! Oh, Luis -- no, you're going to kill me! Stop!
Rebecca: Julian! Not -- naughty, naughty, Julian!
Julian: Oh, uh, yes. Back to the business at hand. When Sheridan walks
through that door, she's going to see Luis treat a woman like an animal.
Sheridan: It's true. It's all true.Eve: Give me back my baby!
Eve: My baby's dead! My baby's dead! My baby's dead. My baby is dead.
T.C.: Eve. Sweetheart. Eve.
Eve: What?
T.C.: Sweetheart, what's wrong? You were having a nightmare. You said
your baby's dead. What baby?
Timmy: What Timmy and tabby are doing -- it's not right.
Tabitha: It's a doll-eat-doll world out there, Timmy. The sooner you
learn that, the better. I'm saving your backside, lad. Don't you forget
that. Hey, let's get out of here. Come on, come on.
Chad: Look, I'll bet if we don't see Simone at the book cafe, we'll
definitely run into her on her way home.
Charity: Hey, guys. Hey.
Whitney: Hey.
Chad: Hey, what's happening, guys?
Charity: Has she come home yet?
Whitney: No, no, not yet.
Charity: I have this awful feeling. My vision -- there's evil here.
Evil.
Miguel: Charity, where? Where do you see evil?
Sheridan: Oh, Luis. This is worse than anything I could have ever
imagined.
Fake Luis: Man, you people take no prisoners.
Julian: Extreme situations call for extreme measures.
Deedee: Are you totally sure you want to go through with this, Mr.
Crane? I could hear the fear in your sister's voice. It's going to be a
terrible shock to see her fiancé beating me up.
Julian: My dear, dear Deedee. That is the point. I want my sister
shocked so thoroughly that it shatters her love for Luis.
Rebecca: Oh, there is no way she can forgive Luis after tonight.
Charity: Evil. There is evil here.
Miguel: Charity, tell us what you see.
Whitney: Charity.
Tabitha: Too bad we can't stick around to see what happens. We'd better
flee before we're spotted. Come on. [Charity screams]
Eve: What is it, T.C.? Who screamed?
T.C.: I don't know. I can't see a thing. This damn fog is too thick.
Come on, sweetheart, we'd better go find out.
Whitney: No!
Chad: Simone, come on, wake up! Wake up!
Miguel: How did this happen?
T.C.: What's going on?
Whitney: Mom!
Kay: She's dead.
Whitney: Mom --
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 6/13/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Wednesday 6/13/01





  Provided By Stephanie

Proofread By
		 Elissia
Sam: I love you, Ivy. I never stopped and I never will. I know now that
you're the woman -- the only woman that I want to be with, tonight and
forever.
Ivy: Sam. Why can't you be here with me?
Sam: Grace. What are you doing here? The way you left Ivy's, I --
Grace: I miss you, Sam. I hate us being apart. I can't sleep without
you in bed next to me, holding me.
Sam: I miss you, too. It's been hell without you.
Grace: I don't want us to go on this way any longer. I need you. I need
us to be a family again. I want to feel your arms around me. I want to
feel your lips on mine. I want to be together in Every way. I love you,
Sam. I never stopped loving you and I never will.
Sam: I love you, too, Grace.
Grace: Make love to me. Make love to me all night long.

Luis: This is Lopez Fitzgerald. Look, I'm starting a stakeout and this
could be an all-nighter, so I’ll be cutting off communication. Don't want
these perps to know I’m out here. Over and out. This could be a long one.
Just hope it pays off.

Sheridan: I still can't believe it. Not only did Luis cheat on me, but
he's got a violent streak. How could I have been so wrong about the man I
love? It's like Luis is two different people.

Fake Luis: Huh? Is this damn mask on straight?
Julian: Oh. Not only are you the mirror image of Luis, but you can
alter your voice to sound exactly like his. Well, if you and Deedee are as
convincing in combat as you are in the sack, round two of our plan should
play out perfectly.
Rebecca: Yes, Sheridan should be here any minute to confront Luis.
Julian: Yes.
Rebecca: What a show that promises to be.
Julian: An ugly, unthinkable scene that Sheridan will not soon forget.
By the time my sister leaves here tonight, she must have no doubts that
Luis' love for her was a ruse to trick her into marriage so that, once
part of the crane family, he could avenge his father's disappearance from
the inside. She must be convinced that you, Luis, are a lying, two-timing
pig with a violent streak, and you, Deedee, are the slutty yet abused
victim of his heinousness.
Fake Luis: Yeah, well, you know, Mr. Crane, we've been rehearsing what
we're going to go and what we're going to say.
Deedee: Yeah, we've got it all down pat.
Julian: This is just excellent. Ah, now for a few last-minute touches.
[Julian chuckles]
Julian: Give me five.
Julian: Oh, yes. Well -- oh, yes, bruises. Very nice touch. I still
want Luis to slap Deedee in front of Sheridan.
Rebecca: Oh, Julian, is that really necessary?
Julian: Oh, absolutely. It's one thing for Sheridan to see Deedee's
battered face, but to actually witness Luis strike a woman will leave an
indelible impression on my sister. She'll have no way of denying that it
was her loving Luis who let his trollop have it. And since the real Luis
is conveniently alone on a stakeout, he won't be able to give Sheridan an
alibi.
Rebecca: Well, what if Luis radios the station house, huh, and gets
some cop that isn't on the take like packer was?
Julian: Well, having been on the police review board, I know that cops
turn their radios off during a stakeout so as not to alert those under
surveillance. You see, this time there will be no loose ends for Luis to
use to raise doubts with Sheridan. When she leaves here tonight, her image
of Luis will be shattered for good, her relationship with him destroyed,
and there's not a snowball's chance in hell of them Ever getting back
together again.

Whitney: Oh!
Chad: Simone, come on, wake up! Wake up, ok? Come on!
Miguel: How did this happen?
Whitney: Mom?
Kay: She's dead.
Whitney: Mom.
Eve: God, no. No, not my baby! Not my little girl! Please! Oh, please.

Sam: Oh, God, I missed you. I love you so much.
Ivy: Oh, I missed you, too, Sam. I've missed the love and the passion
we shared.
Sam: I was making love to Ivy instead of Grace? My God. What is
happening to me?

Eve: Simone.
Whitney: She's not moving, mom, and I can't feel any breathing.
T.C.: Sugar bear, can you hear me?
Kay: She's dead.
Whitney: Stop saying that! Simone is not dead! Right, mom? Mom?
T.C.: How could this have happened? Simone can't be dead! Sweetheart,
you have to save her! You have to save our little girl!
Eve: Her heart's beating.
T.C.: Oh, thank God.
Eve: We have to get her to the hospital right away. Miguel, call 911!
Charity: Hurry, Miguel! I'm afraid there isn't much time.
Whitney: Just hold on, Simone, ok, because help is on the way. Just
hold on.
Julian: All right, here, take a swig of this cactus juice. Your rage
will be more convincing if Sheridan smells booze on your breath.
Fake Luis: For what you're paying us, we'll do whatever you want.
Julian: That's good to hear. I cannot stress how important this is.
Luis and Sheridan's relationship poses enormous danger to my family -- a
danger that must be eliminated. Rebecca's voice: I wonder what Julian
means.
Rebecca: Uh, Julian? Could I have a word with you?
Julian: Well -- oh, God, Sheridan! I know that the Luis mask is a
perfect likeness, but I'm loathe to take any chance. All right, now, now,
make this look real. When Sheridan leaves here, she must be devastated.
This is it. Places, Everyone.
Sheridan: Hello?
Julian: Showtime.
Sheridan: Is anyone home? This is Sheridan crane. [Deedee cries]
Sheridan: I hear someone crying. I have to help them.
Deedee: You -- you shouldn't have come. Just leave while you can.
Sheridan: Oh, God. This place. Your face.
Deedee: I told you Luis was out of his mind. He went totally ballistic
when he caught me on the phone earlier.
Rebecca: So far so good.
Deedee: Luis said it's all my fault, that I’ve ruined everything. First
he came out to my place. And then he came after me.
Sheridan: This is your house?
Deedee: Yeah, what's left of it.
Sheridan: No, when Luis and I came by earlier, an old lady answered the
door and she said that this was her house.
Deedee: Yeah. Yeah, Luis caught her the other day jaywalking. He
threatened to throw her in jail if she wouldn't stay here and act like
this was her house so you'd doubt the truth. This is all just part of his
big plan to get back at the cranes. He hates your family, Sheridan, and
he's using you to get to them.
Sheridan: You're not the first person to say that. But this -- I mean,
for Luis to do this to you, to your home -- I can't believe it. It's like
he's two different people.
Julian: You got that right.
Deedee: Oh, yeah, that Luis, yeah, he's a world-class liar. He will say
or do anything to get what he wants. And you? Oh, yes, you, you're the
biggest prize of all. And to get so close without scoring. It just threw
him over big time.
Sheridan: That's it. Where is he now?
Deedee: No! No, you can't! You can't confront Luis. If he sees you
here, he'll kill me! He will kill me.
Julian: Get ready. That's your cue.

Doctor: Dr. Russell, the ambulance radioed ahead. I have the cubicle
set up and waiting. I think it's best if you wait out here with the
others.
Eve: Simone is my daughter. I'm not going to leave her side.
Doctor: Ok, well --
Eve: T.C., Take care of Whitney. Please be strong for her.
T.C.: I don't believe this. How the hell could something like this
happen? How did my daughter end up this way?
Chad: Charity found her first. I think Simone was hit by a car.
T.C.: Oh, dear God.
Charity: I'm so sorry, coach Russell.
Miguel: We all are.
Charity: I -- I had this dream earlier tonight -- or a vision -- that
Simone was hit by a car. And I got really worried, so I went to go find
Miguel and Kay and we went looking for her, and then I found her on the
side of the street, covered in newspapers.
T.C.: Newspapers? Whoever hit my little girl covered her in newspapers?
Just left her on the street to die? What kind of monster would do
something like that, huh? I swear to you, if I find him, I will kill him.
Whitney: Daddy!
Chad: Coach.
T.C.: That's my little baby in there. My little sugar bear.
Doctor: Heart rate's falling. We're losing her. Give me one amp. Of
atropine.
Eve: No! No!

Ivy: Oh, Sam. You still love me. I know you do. And after tonight,
you'll know it, too. Whatever it takes, I’m going to show you that your
heart still lies with me, not Grace.
Jessica: Mom, what are you still doing up?
Grace: I thought I'd, you know, have some tea, wind down a bit.
Jessica: Mom, you don't have to hide your feelings. I know why you
can't sleep. It's because you're thinking of daddy, about the way things
used to be. I miss him, too, mom.

T.C.: What was Simone doing outside in the first place? Eve and I
thought that you girls were in bed asleep. You, too, Chad.
Chad: Well, you see, a bunch of us wound up at the book cafe after
leaving the cranes' and -- well, me and Whitney were the first ones to
leave. I guess Simone just decided she was going to walk home by herself.
I mean, she had to have been close to the house, but I guess the fog was
so thick she didn't see the car when she wanted to cross the street.
T.C.: How can you not see headlights aimed straight at you? No, Chad,
there's much more to this than we know. My little girl is always so
careful. Something must have distracted her.
Chad: Whitney, what is it?
Whitney: You know, daddy's right. I mean, Simone is way too careful not
to have seen a car headed straight for her. I mean, she wouldn't even have
stepped off the curb. Unless she -- oh, my God.
Chad: What?
Whitney: Chad, my bedroom window. You can see it right from the street,
right where Simone was. What if she was getting ready to cross the street
and she saw us kissing in my window?
Chad: No, no, no. It has to have been something else.
Whitney: But what if it wasn't, Chad? I mean, Simone loves you and, in
her mind, she thinks that you love her. I mean, if she saw us kissing
right after she kissed you at the book cafe tonight, I mean, that would've
been like a knife through her heart. She would've been so hurt and
devastated. She wouldn't have seen anything -- not Even a car headed
straight for her. Oh, my God, Chad. What have we done? What did we do to
my sister?
Chad: We have not done anything, ok? Simone did not -- listen to me --
Simone did not see us kissing, all right? There's no way that could
happen. No way.

Eve: Her vitals are getting weaker and weaker. Simone, you can't die,
honey. You can't die.
Doctor: Call in a code blue. Eve, I think you need to wait outside.
Eve: No, I'm not leaving my baby!
Doctor: Get that cart in here stat.
T.C.: What's going on?
Doctor: T.C., I need your help.
T.C.: Tell me.
Doctor: I want you to take Eve to join the others.
Eve: No, not now, not when my daughter might die!
Doctor: Eve, you're a doctor, ok? You know it's best if a patient's
parents aren't in the room at a time like this.
T.C.: Sweetheart, I don't want to leave our little girl any more than
you do, but the doctor's right. We have to do this for Simone. Come on.
Eve: Ok, for Simone.
Doctor: She's in v-fib. Let's defibrillate. 300 joules. Clear.

Deedee: Please don't confront Luis! I would hate to see you end up like
me.
Sheridan: Oh, trust me, that is not going to happen. [Thud]
Deedee: Oh! He's back. Look, if you're not going to leave, you got to
hide. Please hide. Shh, shh, shh, shh.
Fake Luis: What the hell is going on in here, huh?
Deedee: Luis, you're back.
Fake Luis: Hmm?
Deedee: No! Oh, don't!
Fake Luis: I asked you a question!
Deedee: Oh, I'm sorry! Luis, don't! Please, please don't do that, Luis!
		Don't do that. No, please.

Charity: I knew something bad had happened to Simone, Miguel. My vision
was so real.
Miguel: And because of it, you led us right to Simone. I mean, your
vision could be what saves Simone's life.
Charity: Yeah. I wish my visions weren't real. Some of them are so
painful, I don't want to believe them.
Miguel: You're not just talking about Simone, are you? You're still
upset about that premonition you had of Kay and me making love.
Charity: It was really real.
Miguel: Look, your vision will never come true. Kay and I are never
going to make love.
Charity: But I saw you, Miguel. I saw you in bed, holding Kay, with out
any clothes.
Miguel: Look, I told you, mean, she was upset and lonely. She asked me
to hold her and my clothes were damp from the fog. Just trying to make her
feel better, that's all. There was nothing romantic I love you, Charity.
You. Kay and I are just friends. You have nothing to worry about.

Chad: Whitney, we can't blame ourselves for Simone being hit by that
car. We don't know if she saw us kissing or not.
Whitney: Chad, but what if she did? Hmm? What if she did?
Chad: Sweetie, you look exhausted. Want me to get you something to
drink?
Whitney: Ok.
Chad: Yeah, let me go do that.
Whitney: Mm-hmm.
Chad: I'll be right back, ok?
Whitney: Ok.
Kay: Feeling guilty about Simone?
Whitney: She's my sister, Kay, and she's back there fighting for her
life.
Kay: Well, you should be feeling guilty. I've known about you and Chad
for a while. I tried I don't know how many times to get Simone to see the
obvious, but she refused. She wouldn't believe that her own sister would
do something like that to her.
Whitney: You know, first of all, Kay, I don't need this right now. And
second of all, things are way more complicated than you know.
Kay: How so? Simone saw Chad first, Whitney, back when you still hated
him. She told you that she loved him and that she thought he loved her,
too. And then next thing you know, you and Chad are an item? Admit it,
Whitney -- you stole him from your sister.
Whitney: No, I did not. Look, things happened between Chad and I. They
just happened, ok? And besides, me and Chad were going to tell Simone
about us. We were just waiting for the right moment to talk to her, that's
all.
Kay: You and Chad left the book cafe together, and then what happened?
Did Simone see the two of you lovebirds together, alone? You know, maybe
-- maybe that's what distracted her and caused her to be creamed by that
car.
Whitney: Why don't you just shut up and leave me alone.
Kay: What could you guys have been doing that distracted her so much
that she didn't see a car heading straight for her?
Kay: You know you did this to her, Whitney. Simone could die. And if
she dies, it'll be your fault.
Whitney: You know, Kay, what is wrong with you? My God, how can you be
so mean? Do you have no feelings? It's like you don't have a soul.

Eve: She can't die, T.C. I can't lose her. I can't lose my baby.
T.C.: My sugar bear. The nightmare that you had earlier tonight,
talking about losing your baby -- I understand now, Eve. I know what your
nightmare was all about.

Fake Luis: What's all the damn noise? I thought I heard voices out
here!
Deedee: I was just talking to myself, that's all.
Fake Luis: You useless slut. You know, you and your big mouth, you
caused me enough trouble already.
Deedee: I'm sorry! I'm sorry.
Fake Luis: Sorry? Why don't you just save the apologies, all right,
because Everything that happened is your damn fault. It's all your fault!
Deedee: No! Please! Don't hit me again!
Fake Luis: You know, you've ruined everything for me. You've ruined
everything for me. I spent almost one year getting Sheridan onboard with
my plan to marry me, and you messed it all up.
Deedee: I didn't mean to, Luis. I really didn't mean to.
Fake Luis: "I didn't mean to"? "I didn't mean to"? How stupid can you
be? And what were you thinking, calling me at my engagement party?
Deedee: I didn't mean to, Luis. Honest, I didn't mean to! I didn't.
Fake Luis: But you did.
Deedee: I didn't.
Fake Luis: You did and you caused me a lot of trouble.
Deedee: I'm sorry, ok? I'm sorry, Luis. I didn't mean to, honest.
Really I didn’t.
Fake Luis: Yeah, you didn't mean to, did you? You caused me a whole
hell of a lot of trouble, you know that?
Deedee: I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Fake Luis: "I'm sorry."
Deedee: I'm sorry.
Fake Luis: "I'm sorry."
Deedee: I'm sorry.
Fake Luis: You're sorry, aren't you?
Deedee: I'm sorry, yes.
Fake Luis: You want me to show you how sorry you are?
Deedee: No.
Fake Luis: Yeah, I'll show you how sorry you are!
Deedee: No!
Fake Luis: Huh? You want some more?
Deedee: No!
Fake Luis: You see what you made me do? Do you see what you made me do?

Sheridan: Stop it, Luis! Stop it right now!
Jessica: I miss the way things used to be, how happy we were. I want
you and dad to get back together.
Grace: Jess, it's just not that easy.
Jessica: Yes, it is. Dad loves you. And I know you still love him.
Grace: Even so --
Jessica: Mom, you know, you always said that if you have love, you have
Everything. Don't you believe that anymore?

Fake Luis: Sheridan, what the hell are you doing here?
Sheridan: No, Luis, the question is, what are you doing here?
Julian: The main Event is starting. We can't miss it.
Fake Luis: Sheridan, honey, come on.
Sheridan: Don't "honey" me!
Fake Luis: This isn't what you think.
Sheridan: I overheard Everything, you lying bastard! You have been
using me for over a year. I was just your ticket into the crane family,
nothing more!
Fake Luis: Yeah, you're right. You caught me. There's no way I can lie
my way out of this, is there?
Sheridan: No, there isn't!
Fake Luis: Oh, well. First time for everything. Man. You know, up until
now, I could sweet-talk my way out of anything. You were so gullible. So
desperate to be loved by a man, you'd believe anything I’d say. Well, now
you know the truth. I was only using you. I never loved you. I was just
using you to get to your family. And you fell for it. You fell for it
hook, line, and sinker.
Sheridan: I can't believe it. I can't believe what I’m seeing. I see
you with my own two eyes and it's you. It's really you.
Rebecca: I hope Sheridan doesn't get close enough to see that he's
wearing a mask.
Julian: She won’t. I told the imposter to slap Sheridan if she gets
within range.
Rebecca: Julian.
Julian: Better to be slapped than to end up dead, which is precisely
what will happen if we don't break Sheridan and Luis apart.
Fake Luis: Yeah. Yeah, it's me, Sheridan. I'm the real Luis. I'm the
man that you love with your heart and soul, hmm?

Eve: You know why I had the nightmare about losing my baby?
T.C.: It all makes sense to me now.
Eve: How so, T.C.?
T.C.: Sweetheart, it was your mother's intuition. On some level, you
sensed that something was wrong with Simone, that one of your babies were
hurt. Sweetheart, that's how closely connected you are to your daughters.
Eve: Yes. You're probably right.
T.C.: Probably? What else could it be? Doctor, what?
Eve: Was the defib successful?
Doctor: Eve --
Eve: Simone -- she's going to be ok, right?
Doctor: I'm sorry, but we weren't able to stabilize your daughter.
T.C.: Doctor, what are you saying?
Eve: Wait.
Doctor: I'm saying that Simone's condition remains extremely critical.
The sad truth is I’m not sure she'll even make it through the night.
Eve: Oh, no. Please no.

Jessica: Come on, mom, dad doesn't still love Ivy crane. I mean, she
was just a woman in his past that he was tight with, but --
Grace: Your --
Jessica: It was before he Even knew you.
Grace: Father and Ivy were deeply in love.
Jessica: So? So what? Dad doesn't still love her. From what I've seen,
I don't think he can barely stand her.
Grace: I used to think so, too, jess, but --
Jessica: Mom, dad has never been unfaithful to you. I don't think he
ever would. Now, don't go and make the mistake of shutting him out. Let's
just try to work through it.
Grace: Sweetheart, it's just -- it's so much more complicated than you
know.
Jessica: That's just an excuse.
Grace: No, Jessica --
Jessica: You always said that if you have a problem with someone or a
disagreement that you have to meet them halfway. Well, dad's at the
station house. And I'm sure that he's thinking of how much he loves you,
how much he misses you. Just call him. Just -- I'm sure that he'd be more
than willing to meet you halfway, but just -- just give him a chance.
Grace: You know, for somebody so young, you are awfully wise.
Jessica: What can I say? I had a pretty good teacher.
Grace: Thanks. Sweetheart, it's late. I would like it if you would get
up, drag yourself upstairs, and get some sleep.
Jessica: Going to come with me?
Grace: No. I am going to go see your father at the station house.
Jessica: Oh!
Grace: You're right, Jessica. I do love your father. I don't want
anything to break us up.
Sam: Grace. Grace.
Ivy: No, Sam, it's Ivy -- the woman you really want.

T.C.: You can't be serious. Simone can't be dying. She can't be!
Doctor: I'm sorry, T.C. I think it's best that you each go in to say
your good-byes.
Whitney: Daddy, I want to go in first, ok? I need to talk to my sister.

Kay: You can't die, Simone. You're my best friend. My only friend. I
can't lose you.
Kay's voice: You have to get better so you can help me get Miguel.
Charity: Hey. I'm really sorry, but maybe we should talk about what
happened tonight with you and Miguel.
Eve: This can't be happening. Simone has to pull through. She has to. I
can't lose another baby. I can’t.
Whitney: Simone. I'm so sorry. This is all my fault. All of it is. Oh,
please, honey, don't die on me, ok? Simone? If you live, I promise you I
will never see Chad again. He'll be out of my life forever, ok? He'll be
free to love you. So please, Simone, ok, don't die. Please?

Fake Luis: So, Sheridan, you must feel pretty stupid. A high-class,
well-educated deb like you, suckered -- not just once but twice for a
regular joe like me. Of course, now you're on to me, thanks to big mouth
over here. I'm not going to get the revenge that I wanted on your family.
But at least I don't have to pretend like I'm in love with you anymore.
Sheridan: You make me sick.
Rebecca: This is it. There is no way Sheridan will ever take Luis back
now. We broke them up for good.
Fake Luis: Ooh. I make you sick? Something, babe -- it just about made
me sick to have to make love with you. "Oh, Luis!" What a joke. The best
sex I ever had. What a fool you were for buying it. Now, come to think of
it, Sheridan, that's all you are. You're a stupid, gullible fool.
Sheridan: No more. Not when it comes to you. I never want to see your
filthy, disgusting face ever again!


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 6/14/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">







<!--
 div.MsoNormal
	{mso-style-parent:"";
	margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	font-size:12.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";
	color:black; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; margin-top:0in}
div.Section1
	{page:Section1;}
span.SpellE
	{}
span.GramE
	{}
-->















Thursday 6/14/01







			Proofread by  Elissia
 Jessica: I'm so glad that you're going to go see dad tonight. I knew
you guys would be able to work at your things. We'll be a family again.
Grace: I hope we will.
Jessica: Well, there's nothing stopping you. I mean, Ivy Crane means
nothing to dad. It's you he loves. Only you.
Grace: You know, I have made so many mistakes these last couple of
days, things that I deeply regret. I never should've told your dad to go
spend time with Ivy and resolve his feelings for her. I should've believed
him when he told me that he loved me, not Ivy.
Jessica: Mom, just tell him that. Dad will understand.
Grace: Yes. Your father has a very forgiving and kind heart. I cannot
wait to see his expression when I walk into the bunkhouse at the station.
Jessica: Oh, he'll be so shocked. He'll think he's dreaming.
Grace: Yeah.
Grace: Sam, I’m so sorry for everything. I never should've doubted that
you love me and not Ivy.
Sam: I love you, Grace, so very much.
Grace: Show me. Make love to me. Make love to me now.
Sam: Grace? Grace.
Ivy: Grace's name won't be on your lips for long, Sam. I'm going to
make you forget all about her. I'm going to pleasure you in ways that
Grace never dreamed of -- just like I used to.
Ivy: Tonight's the night we rediscover what we lost all those years
ago. Tonight's the night we go back to the way we were, the way we'll be
from now on.

Theresa: It's beautiful.
Ethan: I hated it that you had to go so long without an engagement
ring, but I made a deal with a local jeweller -- my services as an
attorney in exchange for this. And I was going to give it to you at
Sheridan and Luis' engagement party, but everything got so weird, you
know, with the fog and then, well, Sheridan supposedly seeing Luis in bed
with another woman.
Theresa: It just doesn't make any sense. I mean, Luis would never cheat
on Sheridan. He isn't like that.
Ethan: I know. And look -- I'm sorry that I instantly thought the worst
about Luis. It's just that I’m -- I'm still very protective of Sheridan.
You know, although we may not be nephew and aunt anymore, I still love her
and I always will.
Theresa: I understand. And this isn't the first time that she swore
Luis had betrayed her.
Ethan: Right. That night at the wharf when she heard him on the phone
saying that he was just using her to get to the Cranes. She was as adamant
about that as she was about seeing him cheat on her.
Theresa: But then when the four of us went over to the old lady's house
and talked to her, well, it was like it was some sort of mix-up.
Ethan: Well, maybe it was the fog affecting her the Same way it
affected me. You know, I was suspicious of you.
Theresa: That has to be it.
Ethan: You know, I -- I still can't believe that I even thought for a
second that you knew I was Sam Bennett's son and didn't tell me.

Fake Luis: You know, come to think of it, Sheridan, that's all you are.
You're a stupid, gullible fool.
Sheridan: No more. Not when it comes to you. I never want to see your
filthy, disgusting face ever again!
Fake Luis: Hmm.
Sheridan: I can't believe it. There are two Luises.
Luis: Not for long.
Julian: What is the real Luis doing here? He was supposed to be on a
stakeout!
Rebecca: Oh, forget why he's here. What matters is that our whole plan
is ruined. Look, Sheridan was supposed to see the fake Luis hit Deedee and
she she was going to be so disgusted that she would never want to see Luis
again. Now our last, best chance to split them up is a bust.
Julian: But forget about our plan being a bust. If Luis finds us here,
he'll tear us apart for setting him up.
Rebecca: Well, I'm not worried. The real Luis would never hit a lady.
Julian: Hmm, yes, yet. He sounds angry enough to murder both of us,
		instead.

Jessica: Mom, you look great.
Grace: Really? You're not just saying that?
Jessica: No. No. Dad will definitely think so, too. Oh, I can't wait
for you guys to get back together.
Grace: I can't wait, either.
Jessica: Then why are you just standing here? Go on, get a move on. Go.

Grace: Ok, I'm going, I'm going.
Jessica: What now?
Grace: I'm nervous. I feel like I'm going out on a first date with your
dad all over again.
Jessica: But look how what a wonderful life your first date with dad
led to. Now, I’m sure tonight is just going to be the start of years and
years of you guys' happiness together. If you get to the station house to
see dad.
Grace: Subtle. I'm really leaving now.
Jessica: Ok. Tell dad that I love him and tell him that I can't wait
for you guys to get back together.
Grace: I will. Jessica, thank you so much for giving me the boost I
needed to do this.
Jessica: You kidding? I'm going to carry you to the station house if it
means you and dad are going to get back together.
Grace: Ok, well, you just get some rest, ok? See you in the morning.
Jessica: Does that mean you and dad are going to be sleeping in?
Grace: You just make sure you get up in time to serve breakfast at the
b&amp;b and get the shop open, all right?
Jessica: Relax, mom. I have everything under control. Now go! The
sooner you get to the station house, the sooner you can patch things up
with dad.
Grace: Ok. You know, he's going to be so surprised to see me. I just
know it.
Jessica: I know. Have fun.
Sam: Grace. Grace. I love you so much.
Ivy: I love you, too, Sam. I always have. And I'm about to remind you
just how much.

Theresa: Here.
Ethan: You know, it still bothers me that I immediately thought the
worst about Luis. I mean, I should know by now that your family is
completely honest and trustworthy to a fault. I mean, the very idea that
Luis would disrespect Sheridan that way? After saving her life several
times, risking his own? Not to mention all the flak that he's taken from
the Cranes and myself. It's crazy. Luis would never keep a secret from
Sheridan any more than you would keep one from me. Now, they're going to
work this out. Their love is too strong not to. And -- and once they get
to the bottom of what really happened, they're going to get married
without losing a beat.
Theresa: I hope you're right. I mean, the fortune cookie said that
there would be a double wedding. And if Luis and Sheridan don't work
things out, if they don't get married, then what happens to us?
Ethan: Theresa, I know you are superstitious, but I love you and I am
going to marry you whether Luis and Sheridan get married or not.
Pilar: Que paso? Why is Luis and Sheridan's wedding in doubt?
Theresa: Oh, mama, no, try not to worry. I am sure that Luis and
Sheridan will work things out. I mean, there's no way that Sheridan
could've seen what she thought she saw.
Pilar: Mija, what are you talking about? What does Sheridan think she
saw?
Theresa: Luis making love to another woman.

Sheridan: I did see Luis making love to another woman, only it wasn't
Luis.
Luis: No, it was my double here. All right, I want some answers and I
want them now! How did you get my face? Why are you doing this? What are
you after?
Fake Luis: No comment.
Luis: What the hell kind of people are you? Why would you do this? Why
would you hurt Sheridan, hurt me, my reputation?
Fake Luis: Not a lot to do in Harmony, you know? Pass the time.
Luis: Yeah. Wait, that's right. Oh, this has been going on for over a
year now. Sheridan heard you down at the wharf! You were impersonating me
on a phone. You said you were just using her, using her to get to her
family.
Fake Luis: Hey, man, I don't know what you're talking about.
Luis: The hell you don't! Sheridan saw you on the wharf that night, the
Same that she saw you in bed with her. The thing is -- thing is you
weren't in charge of this. No, there's no way. See, this whole set-up,
this was way too complicated. There's no way that you had the money or the
backup. There's no way that you could've set this up all by yourself.
Fake Luis: Like I said, no comment.
Luis: What about motive? What reason could you possibly have for
wrecking our lives or ruining our happiness? You don't even know us. No,
see -- it wasn't you. Wasn't you at all. I know who it is. Yeah. We both
do. You came close to costing me the most important thing in my life --
Sheridan. You see, I love her more than I love my life. For that you're
going to pay. I'm going to make you pay.
Rebecca: Oh. Luis is out for blood.
Julian: And I bleed so easily.
Sheridan: Luis, wait! Don't do something you'll regret.
Luis: Sheridan, look, don't worry, all right? I'm completely under
control. Just something I need to do.
Luis: Now watch me disappear.
Sheridan: My God. It's like "mission: Impossible," only this is real.
Luis: Would you look at this. Look, this thing. It must've cost a
fortune. This is only a small detail in an incredibly elaborate scheme
that Julian and Alistair cooked up. Sheridan, I'm going to prove that
Julian and Alistair did this to come between us. When I do, I'm going to
make them pay. As God as my witness, I'm going to make them pay.

Sam: Grace.
Ivy: Oh. I love you so much, Sam. And I know you love me.
Sam: Grace.
Ivy: No, Sam. It's not Grace. It's me, Ivy.
Sam: Ivy! What the hell --
Ivy: Heaven was more like it. Why did you stop?
Sam: I thought you were Grace.
Ivy: Oh, really, Sam. As if Grace would ever kiss you with that much
passion.
Sam: You are unbelievable.
Ivy: So were you, Sam. Your kisses were as unbelievable as they were
all those years ago when we used to make love on the beach.
Sam: I thought I was kissing Grace.
Ivy: No, Sam. Deep down in your soul, you knew you were kissing me. You
felt the Same connection we had all those years ago.
Sam: Ivy, what we had is in the past. This is the present. I'm with
Grace now, not you.
Ivy: You know, you keep saying that as if saying it is going to make it
so.
Sam: Get out of here. Get the hell out of here before I throw you out
of here.

Luis: Look at this. Look at the detail. It's no wonder you swore it was
me you saw with her.
Sheridan: Still, I’m sorry for ever doubting you, for even thinking
that you could do such a thing.
Luis: No, come on, don't blame yourself. I mean, between this and that
scum imitating my voice, how could you not believe what your eyes and ears
were telling you.
Sheridan: I didn't believe it. I knew in my heart that you loved me. At
the core of my being, I knew that it couldn't have been you.
Luis: So glad you trust me enough to set this trap.
Rebecca: Why that sneak! Your own sister, plotting and scheming behind
our backs. You just can't trust anyone these days.
Sheridan: So why'd you wait so long to come in?
Luis: Just wanted to make sure I gave those creeps enough rope to hang
themselves.
Julian: Bloody hell! We thought we were setting Luis and Sheridan up,
when they were setting us up. Damn that cop! He knew we'd do something to
erase any doubt that Sheridan had about what she'd seen here. He led us
into a trap.
Rebecca: Well, what do we do now?
Julian: We have to find a way to get out of here and then flee the
country before Luis catches us. If we don't and he finds out we're behind
this charade, we'll spend the rest of our lives in traction, our bodies
beaten and broken like two living piñatas.
Luis: All right, you two. I want the whole story, start to finish. Then
I’m going to decide whether I let you live or die.[telephone rings]
Grace: Hello?
Jessica: Mom, are you there yet?
Grace: No, jess, I'm taking my time.
Jessica: Why?
Grace: Well, I'm just thinking about what I want to say to your father
when I see him at the station house.
Jessica: Just tell him that you love him and the rest will work itself
out.
Grace: Thanks, sweetie. So, hey, why don't you go to bed and get some
sleep now, ok?
Jessica: I'll say a prayer for you and dad.
Grace: You do that. Bye.
Jessica: Bye, mom.
Grace: Oh, I hope Sam will be happy to see me after the way I acted at
Ivy's.

Sam: I mean it, Ivy, leave! Stay the hell out of my life! My future is
with Grace, not you!
Ivy: But the way you just kissed me --
Sam: You know, for the last time, I thought you were Grace!
Ivy: Well, I don't believe you.
Sam: My God, Ivy. What happened to you? Pursuing me like this,
humiliating yourself? How did you get to where making a fool of yourself
doesn't faze you in the least?
Ivy: Do you want to know how I got here, Sam? I'll tell you how I got
here -- 20 years in a loveless marriage, a marriage that never would've
happened if my father hadn't sabotaged our relationship to help Alistair
find a bride for his idiot son! I am tired of living without love, Sam --
your love. I want us to have what we used to have.
Sam: No, Ivy, we can’t. It's over. Done forever!
Ivy: No.
Sam: No, look, I don't love you anymore, damn it! Ugh! And even after
all of the pain your lies have caused me, Grace, and Ethan, I don't want
to embarrass or humiliate you more than you've embarrassed and humiliated
yourself. But I swear, if you don't leave here right now, I will throw you
out on your naked behind!
Ivy: Oh, I don't think you want to do that, Sam.
Sam: Oh, you give me one good reason why I shouldn't.
Ivy: Grace.
Sam: What about her?
Ivy: Well -- hmm. I wonder what Grace is going to think about the
scandal that you would cause by throwing me out on my naked behind. What
is she going to think about finding me in your bed, late at night, naked?
Sam: You trying to blackmail me?
Ivy: No. No, I'm just wondering. Who's going to be hurt more by your
throwing me out -- naked? Grace or me?
Pilar: So a mysterious woman calls Luis on his cell phone, right, and
then Sheridan sees Luis talking to a woman she's never seen before. My son
denies it, only to have Sheridan claim that she saw them in bed together
not long after that? I'm sorry, but this did not happen. This is some sort
of set-up, a complicated plot to try to drive them apart.
Theresa: Mama, I agree. But who would do something so mean to two
people so happy and in love?
Pilar: Oh, teresita, who do you think? Only Julian and Alistair are
capable of such a diabolical plan.
Theresa: But, mama, they were the ones who threw Sheridan and Luis'
engagement party. And Alistair even came over the Crane mansion speaker
system to welcome Luis into the family.
Pilar: Oh, of course, teresita. Alistair can't wait to have a
son-in-law who thinks that he and Julian are responsible for your father's
disappearance and has vowed to move heaven and earth to prove it. I'm
sorry, Ethan. I know that you grew up loving Julian and Alistair, and a
part of you will probably always love them, but I -- I just have no doubt
that those two men are capable of great evil.
Ethan: Look, before, I would've defended them to the bitter end. But
the longer I’m outside of that mansion, the more I’m beginning to see what
the Cranes are really like. I mean, once I was on the phone with Julian
and Alistair and they practically spit blood at the thought of Sheridan
and Luis being together.
Pilar: And then their amazing turnaround. I mean, how stupid do they
think people are?
Ethan: Look, Pilar, if it makes you feel any better, I think true love
will win out in the end. You know, you taught me that. The only thing that
can split a couple in love is if one of them keeps a secret from the
other.
Pilar: I cannot believe that Luis and Sheridan have been anything but
honest with each other.
Ethan: Exactly. They're just like us. We are always totally honest with
each other about everything.

Luis: I know you were hired to break us up, ok? And I know who hired
you. Just want to hear you say their names out loud. Come on, fess up.
Alistair and Julian Crane!
Julian: We're doomed.
Rebecca: Maybe we should make a run for it while Sheridan and Luis
grill Deedee and what's-his-name.
Julian: No, it's too risky to slink out now. Our best hope is to wait
for any diversion that comes along. Hopefully, things will heat up if our
players stonewall Luis.
Luis: Come on, out with it! Admit who hired you!
Fake Luis: You can think the Cranes were behind this set-up. But if you
think I’m going to confirm it, think again. The Cranes are the most
powerful family in the whole world. Your threat to kill me is nothing
compared to what the Cranes would do if I fingered them.
Julian: Huh. No fool, our imposter. He knows the power of la familia
Crane.
Rebecca: Yeah, well, I wish you had power enough to get us out of this
closet before they find us.
Luis: Damn it, just admit it! Just admit who hired you!
Sheridan: Forget it, Luis. We proved that it wasn't you who betrayed
me. Not that we had to. I knew it wasn't in you to do that to me.
Luis: Sheridan, I just want to prove to you that your father and Julian
are behind this because they're never going to change. They're never going
to change who they are. There's a reason that I protect you from your own
damn family.
Deedee: I didn't mean to hurt anyone. I just needed the money.
Fake Luis: Shut up!
Luis: Hey! You listen to me. Hey, you listen to me -- a man never hits
a woman. You got that? Huh?
Deedee: Yeah, going off on me is not going to shut me up! What we did
to these two people -- it was horrible. They really love each other and
they deserve to be together and happy forever! Fake
Luis: If you rat on who was behind this, they'll make you wish you'd
never been born. Like your life isn't miserable enough already.
Deedee: You're right. If they could do this to them, then God only
knows what they'll do to me.
Luis: No, you just go ahead, all right? Sheridan and I will protect
you. You just -- you just tell us what we already know -- that this whole
scheme was an attempt by Julian and Alistair to break up me and Sheridan,
huh?
Julian: If that slut-for-hire fingers us, we're doomed.
Luis: You were hired to do a job. Now tell me who hired you. Come on!
Sheridan: Please! Do the right thing. [cellular phone ring]

Ethan: I don't mean my mother any disrespect, but the reason she lived
in a loveless marriage with Julian was because she kept the fact that Sam
Bennett was my father a secret. Now, maybe if she would've been honest,
she and the man she loved could've had a life together and they could've
raised me, their son, together. So many people would've been spared of so
much pain if she would've just owned up to the truth. See, and that's the
thing about secrets -- they always come out in the end. It's just like my
mother's secret. It was leaked to the tabloid. Not only did it destroy my
life but my mother, Julian, Sam, Grace. They all suffered, too. Grace --
she even lost her baby when the truth came out. That's why I hate secrets
so much. And I hate anyone who keeps them.

Sam: So what are you saying, Ivy? You aren't going to leave here? That
I should let you stay here in my bed all night, and, if I don't, that
you'll cause a scene in the station and hurt Grace?
Ivy: No, Sam, that's not what I’m saying. No, I'll leave. But before I
go, I just want one little thing. And if you give it to me, I will slip
out quietly and Grace will never know that I was here. She'll never know
that her husband was in bed with his first love on the same night he swore
she meant nothing to him.
Sam: What is it you want, Ivy?
Ivy: I will leave the police station without incident if you just give
me one good night kiss. Just a simple little good night kiss.
Sam: No way. I'm not letting you blackmail me into kissing you.
Ivy: Ok, fine. Have it your way. I wonder how long it'll take Grace to
hear that I left the police station in the middle of the night wearing
only a sheet.
Ivy: Does this mean you've changed your mind about the kiss, Sam?

Deedee: I'm sorry. I have a family -- my mom and my sister. And if I
say who hired us and they come after them to get to me, I can't live with
myself. I can't take a chance.
Luis: Damn it.
Sheridan: Luis, it's ok. We both know my father and brother are behind
this.
Luis: Yeah, but I just wanted to prove it. If Julian was here, I'd rip
the truth out of him. Not even he's stupid enough to be here while his
little scam plays out.
Fake Luis: You people got nothing on us and you know it. Yeah, we tried
to break you up this time, but what you said about me being you on the
wharf before? Never happened.
Luis: What?
Fake Luis: You heard me. I never wore that mask on any wharf.
Luis: You're still trying to break us up. Boy, Julian and Alistair,
they must be paying you a fortune.
Fake Luis: Nah. I just don't like being blamed for something I had no
part in, that's all.
Luis: All right, that's it. You're under arrest, buddy.Fake
Luis: On what charges? Impersonating a cop? No can do without a uniform.
Luis: Well, let's see -- how about stealing my identity?
Rebecca: Let's go.
Luis: Criminal mischief? A little assault and battery, huh? Yeah,
that's right. You know I’ve got plenty of charges to arrest you on, and I
will if you don't start answering my questions. Now!
Fake Luis: No way will we ever say who bankrolled us. As for those
trumped-up charges you threatened me with? Dream on, man. I'm out of here.

Luis: The hell you are.
Ethan: I'm sorry. I don't mean to bring you down. I just was trying to
make a point that nothing can ruin true love except the people involved in
the relationship. You know, like Sheridan and Luis. No one will break them
apart. Only something one of them did could do that.
Pilar: I agree.
Ethan: Well, I think I’m going to get something to drink. My
pontificating has made me thirsty.
Pilar: I'll get it for you.
Ethan: No, Pilar, please. Look, I'm not a Crane anymore. You don't have
to wait on me. In fact, since I’m going to be your future son-in-law, it's
my turn to wait on you. Can I get you anything?
Pilar: No, nothing, thank you.
Ethan: Ok. Theresa?
Theresa: I'm fine, thanks.
Pilar: If Ethan's speech about honesty didn't convince you to tell him
the truth, I'm afraid nothing will.
Theresa: Mama, it is because of Ethan that I cannot tell him that I
knew he was a Bennett and kept it from him. You heard what he said about
hating secrets and the people who keep them. Now, if I tell Ethan the
truth now, he'll be so angry that he might break our engagement.
Pilar: But don't you think he will break your engagement if someone
tells him that you knew what you knew and when you knew it?
Theresa: Whitney and Chad -- they would never do that to me.
Pilar: Of course not. But what if someone overhears them discussing it
and tells Ethan?
Theresa: I mean, I never thought of that.
Pilar: Teresita, por favor. You cannot keep secrets from the man you
love.
Theresa: Mama, I do not like doing this.
Pilar: Then be honest, Theresa, or you will lose him for sure. Maybe
not tonight or tomorrow or even a year from now, but eventually, Ethan
will find out that you knew he was Sam Bennett's son and kept it from him.
And he'll hate you, Teresita, just as you fear. And you will lose him,
mija, never to see him again.

Sam: All right, Ivy. You can have your good night kiss.
Ivy: Pucker up.
Sam: I'm only doing this to protect Grace.
Ivy: Oh.
Grace: I wonder what Sam will say when he sees me.

Sheridan: Hey, you're not going anywhere!
Deedee: Get your hands off of me!
Sheridan: Oh, don't take me on, missy! You'll regret it. I have a black
belt in karate.
Deedee: Please don't hurt me, ok? I can't take anymore.
Sheridan: That's more like it. Just to make sure that you don't go
anywhere --
Sheridan: Luis!
Fake Luis: I'm walking out of here now, man. You try and stop me, I'll
kill you!
Julian: Oh, yes, Luis, take a stab at stopping him. Do us all a favor.

Pilar: Theresa, tell him. Tell him everything now before it's too late.

Theresa: I can't, mama. It's already too late.
Pilar: What do you mean?
Theresa: I already lied to Ethan about his paternity.
Pilar: Oh, my God.
Theresa: Mama, I couldn't help it. I mean, Gwen had me cornered.
Pilar: Gwen? How was she able to force you to lie?
Theresa: It happened earlier tonight at the party. And the reporter
from the tabloid that broke the story about Ethan being a Bennett was
there and he said that he was close to finding out who sent the e-mail
that started everything.
Pilar: Wait. What does this have to do with Gwen?
Theresa: Gwen accused me of being the reporter's accomplice, of sending
the e-mail that ruined Ethan's life. Now, of course I denied it, but Gwen
had Ethan so worked up that he actually asked me if I had done it.
Pilar: But you couldn't have even if you'd wanted to. You destroyed
that information from your laptop. I saw you do it.
Theresa: I know, mama. And I told Ethan that I did not send that
e-mail, that I would never do anything to hurt him. But then Gwen asked me
point-blank if I knew that Ethan was a Bennett before the truth came out.
Mama, I had to lie. I had to say no to Ethan.
Pilar: I don't like what I’m hearing -- Gwen cornering you like that.
It's as if she forced you to lie in front of Ethan.
Theresa: Mama, Gwen has been on my case for a while now. She's been
hinting that she knows something, but she never would say what.
Pilar: Maybe I was wrong. Maybe Gwen realized that you stumbled on to
the truth. She knows that I was keeping Ethan's paternity information in
the closet here for Ivy, and maybe she voiced her suspicions to her
mother. I mean, lately, Rebecca has made some remarks that I did not quite
understand. But, Theresa, no matter what the case, you have to tell Ethan
the truth. This lie cannot go on any longer. You must tell Ethan the
truth. You must tell him, Theresa.
Ethan: Pilar, you sound upset.
Pilar: Ethan, I didn't hear you come in.
Ethan: What's going on? What is it your mother wants you to tell me?

Luis: Why don't you just put that knife down. Just put it down nice and
easy, huh?
Fake Luis: No way, man! Let me leave now and no one gets hurt. You try
and stop me and I swear I’ll kill you!
Luis: Ok. Whatever you say.
Julian: That punk. Luis isn't so brave. A thug pulls a small piece of
cutlery on him and he backs down as if he's been threatened by a
machete-wielding maniac.
Rebecca: I could be wrong, but I think Luis has a plan.
Deedee: Please take me with you. We make a great team.
Fake Luis: Sorry, baby. It's every man for himself from here on in.
Deedee: No, please take me with you.
Fake Luis: Get off of me!
Deedee: No!
Rebecca: I told you Luis had a plan.
Julian: Well, I hope you have a plan to get us out of this mess because
I certainly don't. And with Luis ready to pummel our imposter into telling
the truth, our role in this charade could be exposed at any moment.
Sheridan: Oh! Julian! Rebecca!
Luis: Julian. I knew you were in on this. Now I have all the proof that
I’ll need. I'm going to have your head on a stick.












 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!








  Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 6/15/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 6/15/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Ethan: What's going on, Theresa? What is it your mother wants you to
tell me?

Pilar: Maybe not tonight or tomorrow or even a year from now, but
eventually, Ethan will find out that you knew he was Sam Bennett's son and
kept it from him. And he will hate you, Teresita, just as you fear. And
you will lose him, mija, never to see him again.
Theresa: Ok. I will tell you.
Sam: Oh, my God. Grace, I can explain.
Grace: No, Sam, don't you dare. Don't you dare try to explain away
another kiss with Ivy -- not again.
Ivy: Oh, Grace. It's too bad you didn't come in just a few moments
later. You wouldn't have walked in on the same old kiss. You would have
walked in on a whole lot more.
Timmy: Timmy still can't erase the memory of Simone's bleeding head
from his tiny little brain. Timmy wanted to call 911 to help, not hide her
under some old newspapers.
Tabitha: I explained that, Timmy. We had to make sure that Kay had
ample time to seduce Miguel because when Charity finds out that he's
cheated on her, she'll never lose her virginity to him, nor will she come
into her rightful powers of goodness, which means she won't be able to
destroy us.
Timmy: But it didn't work, princess. Timmy and tabby did all those
terrible things, and Kay still didn't make love to Miguel.
Tabitha: Hmm, that's not the only thing I called wrong. I was positive
that someone we knew was going to kick the bucket tonight, and Simone's
still alive. Oh, well. The night is young. She still might die.
Timmy: Timmy hates himself!

Eve: Father Lonigan's coming.
T.C.: Sweetheart, you shouldn't have called him. Simone's going to be
all right. We just have to stay positive.
Eve: Well, it's good he's coming, anyway. We can just add his prayers
to ours. Is there any change?
T.C.: None. Whitney's in there with her now. You know, honey, I started
to think about what you said before you went to call Father Lonigan --
about how you said you couldn't stand to lose another child. What did you
mean by that?

Kay: Whitney doesn't know it, but she was right. I don't have a soul.
And that's why you have to live, Simone. You're the only real friend I
have, the only one who understands about Miguel. Please be all right.
Charity: You can't keep avoiding me. We've got to talk about Miguel.
Kay: Charity, not now, all right?
Charity: Yes, right now. Look, I had a vision of the two of you making
love, and then I come into his house, and what do I find? The two of you
in bed. So why don't you tell me what's going on, Kay, and don't lie to
me.

Chad: I pray to God that Whitney's wrong because if Simone got hit by
that car after she saw us kissing, I will never forgive myself.
Miguel: Don’t. Don't.
Chad: Why not, huh? I should have told her weeks ago that I was in love
with her sister. And she'd be hurt, but she would be over it by now. She
wouldn't be lying in there about to --
[Whitney cries]
Whitney: Don’t. Please don't die. Honey, I meant what I said, ok? If
you come back to me and mom and dad, I promise you I will never Even look
at Chad again. Ok? He will be out of my life forever.
Luis: So help me God, Julian, I'm going to kill you.
Rebecca: Don't hurt him, please. Please don't hurt him.
Luis: All right, the two of you, out of there! We're going to have
ourselves a little chat.
Sheridan: What are you going to do to them?
Luis: I don't know.
Julian: I would like to set a few ground rules. First, I want your word
this won't become physical!
Luis: Shut up! All right. From here on in, I'm running the show.
Rebecca, sit down. And not in front of Julian, all right? He's hid behind
your skirts long enough.
Luis: I'll say. Well, this is incredible. Well, this must have cost a
pretty penny, Julian. It's no wonder you bought it, Sheridan. Julian
pulled out all the stops to make you think that I was cheating on you.
Sheridan: I could not believe my eyes when I saw you -- that imposter
wearing that mask, making love to her. I mean, he looked just like you,
but I knew in my heart that you could never do anything like that to me.
Luis: Yeah. That's why all the money in the world couldn't pull off
		your filthy rotten scheme to break us up. When you saw that Sheridan and
		I were still together after your lovemaking charade, you had to stoop
		Even lower into the gutter. You know, Julian, only someone as twisted as
		you could come up with a plan to make it look like I was beating up a
		woman. But you blew it. The scene that was supposed to make your sister
		hate me forever didn't work. It backfired. And now you're going to pay.

Ethan: Theresa, you know you can tell me anything. [Telephone rings]
Pilar: Who could that be at such a late hour?
Ethan: What is it? What's got you so upset?Pilar: Hello?
Miguel: Mama, it's me.
Pilar: Miguel. I thought you were asleep in Luis' room.
Miguel: I'm at the hospital. Simone's in the E.R. She was hit by a car
-- a hit-and-run driver.
Pilar: Oh, my God.
Miguel: See, I think it would really help Whitney if Theresa could get
down here. You know, maybe she could stop by Ethan's and bring him, too.
Chad could use all the friends he can get right now.
Pilar: Your sister and Ethan are here right now. I'll send them down
there right away.
Theresa: Is something wrong with Miguel?
Ethan: Yeah, what's going on?
Pilar: Oh. Simone Russell was struck by a car. She's in the emergency
room right now.
Ethan: Oh, no. We're on our way, ok? Hey, what was that thing you were
going to tell me?
Theresa: Oh, never mind that now. It can wait.
Ethan: All right, go ahead.
Pilar: Oh, dear God.T.C.: What did you mean when you said you couldn't bear to lose another
child?
Eve: Um -- maybe now isn't the time to talk about it.
T.C.: No, I think it is. I have my own suspicions on why you said it,
but I would like to hear it from you.

Kay: Look, I'm sorry you're having visions again, Charity, but you
should know better than to let them affect you. Everybody knows that you
and Miguel are in love, and who would be crazy enough to try to move in on
that? Not me. I just want you guys to be happy. Now, if you don't mind,
I'm a little worried about Simone right now.
Charity: Why don't I believe her? Ugh!
Miguel: What's the matter?
Charity: Why did I think of that now?

Whitney: Oh, honey, I swear to you -- I promise you that I will give up
Chad if you just hang on, ok? You have to live. Oh.

Luis: See, I always knew that you and your father were the scum of the
earth. You know, there are not enough designed suits in the world to cover
up what you're made of. But I never knew that you'd sink this low --
making a mask, hiring an actor to impersonate me.
Sheridan: He even sounded exactly like you.
Luis: Yeah, the creep's a good actor. My own mother wouldn't be able to
tell the difference.
Sheridan: I'm sorry I Ever doubted you.
Luis: Don't you dare Ever be sorry. This is your brother and your
father's fault, and they're the ones who owe us a hell of a lot more than
an apology. So, what'd you do, Julian? Huh? Huh? Did you call in a favor
from the mayor, get me down to the station tonight to write that report? I
hope to God Ofc. Packer's not in your pocket, but I'll find out if he was.

Sheridan: At the party when I told you how worried I was about Luis,
you didn't say a word. You just let me drive off into that thick fog,
terrified that something had happened to him.
Luis: That was all part of the plan. They had my double here with his
little friend getting all hot and heavy at the time that you drove by and
recognized my car on the street.
Sheridan: I still don't understand. If you had your car parked at the
police station --
Luis: That was the easy part. Sheridan, if they can manufacture a twin
for me, how hard could it have been to do it for my car? I got to hand it
to you, Julian. You don't miss a trick, do you?
Sheridan: Except one. You underestimated Luis. He suspected that you
and father would try something to split us up the minute you said you
wanted to throw us a party. I tried to convince him that he was just being
paranoid, but unfortunately, he knows my family better than I do.
Rebecca: So when you came to the library to tell us you were back
together, you --
Sheridan: That was all part of our plan. It was Luis' idea. He set the
trap and said all we had to do was sit back and watch the two of you hang
yourselves.
Luis: You wouldn't happen to have any rope lying around, would you?
Sam: For God's sakes, Ivy. Don't you have any shame?
Ivy: Why should I be ashamed of being naked with the man I love?
Sam: Grace, listen to me. You got to believe me.
Grace: No, Sam. Never again.
Sam: Grace, don't go!
Ivy: Sam, Sam, leave her alone. Do you honestly think she wants to hear
anything out of your mouth right now?
Sam: Just shut your mouth. Just shut up! This is all your fault. If
you'd just left like I asked you to, if you hadn't blackmailed me into
that one last kiss to keep you from making a public scene, none of this
would be happening right now!
Ivy: But it did happen, Sam, and I think for a reason.
Sam: Oh, yeah. There's a reason, all right. Because you're nothing but
a bitch. You snuck in here, you stripped down, you crept into bed with me
while I was dreaming of my beautiful wife, and now, thanks to you, I don't
have any chance of a reconciliation with my wife. Damn you, Ivy. Damn you
to hell. Grace, listen. I'm glad you didn't leave. Now, look, I’m begging
you. Just give me a minute to explain.
Grace: No, Sam. You don't have to explain. I heard everything.

Timmy: Timmy's had it. He's taking his own personal autographed copy of
"hidden passions" and hitting the road.
Tabitha: Will you just stop it? You don't know what you're talking
about. You can't possibly leave. You're my doll. You're my friend, my
cohort in crime.
Timmy: Let Tabitha's friends in the basement be her cohorts. Timmy
can't take it anymore.

T.C.: I think I know why you said you couldn't bear to lose another
child. Honey, you have nothing to be ashamed of. You know, they don't make
doctors like you anymore. You get so personally involved in your patients
and you take it really hard if one of them loses a baby, almost like
you're losing one of your own. Am I right?
Eve: I don't know what to say.
Reese: Hey. I heard the news. How's Simone?
Chad: Not so good. How the hell could a person just hit someone with a
car and drive off?
Reese: I don't know.
Miguel: It's touch and go right now. Nobody's making any promises.
Charity: Please save me! Ooh, your hands are like ice.

T.C.: Father Lonigan.
Father Lonigan: T.C. How is she? Has there been any change?
Eve: No, I'm afraid not, father.
T.C.: Father, thank you for coming so quickly.
Father Lonigan: Of course. We will pray for Simone together. She is a
beautiful child, pure of heart and soul.

Charity: Soul.
Whitney: Please don't die, Simone. I swear to you, I'll never see Chad
again. Simone!

Julian: Oh! My God, he's going to kill me! Just remember, cupcake, I
did care for you! I was truly looking forward to living out the second
half of my life with you!
Rebecca: Oh, I love you, too, pookie. Good-bye!
Luis: Get out of here!
Rebecca: You know, I hope you know that this was all Julian and
Alistair's idea. I mean, I had no idea what they were up to.
Sheridan: You two deserve each other.
Rebecca: I don't understand.
Sheridan: Well, let me spell it out for you. I don't believe a single
word out of your overly lipsticked mouth. You knew exactly what was going
on. You must have ice water running through your veins. Poor Gwen. I never
realized what a sick and twisted mother she had.
Luis: Get up!
Julian: Luis, I'm begging you. We're both grown men here. Need I remind
that you are an officer of the law and your duty is to uphold it, not to
commit the heinous crime of murder?
Luis: Oh, that's funny, you know, because that oath that I took as a
cop? Well, that's the farthest thing from my mind right now. You know, in
fact -- in fact, I don't feel like I have a conscience at all, which is
very convenient. That way I can give you the punishment that you deserve!
Julian: Oh. Oh, God --

Whitney: She heard me, mom. I know she did. She squeezed my hand.
Chad: Hey, man, I'm glad to see you.
Theresa: How is she?
Miguel: There wasn't any change until about a minute ago when Whitney
yelled out to us. Apparently Simone grabbed her hand.
Theresa: Oh! That's a good sign, right?
Reese: Yeah, we hope.
Whitney: The doctor wants me to wait out here.
Theresa: Oh, Whit. Oh, you poor thing. You must have been so
frightened.
Whitney: Honey, you should have seen her in there. I mean, she's just
lying there so still. You know that this is all my fault, right?
Theresa: What are you talking about?
Whitney: I figured out how all this happened. Simone was standing
outside my window and saw me and Chad kissing. She must have got so upset
that she just ran blindly out into the street, and that's when the car hit
her.
Theresa: Oh, my God.
Whitney: Theresa, I swear to you, if Simone makes it through this, I'm
going to do everything I can to make it up to her. You know, I was in
there talking to her just now, and I told her that I was never going to
see Chad again. And that's when she reached out and touched my hand. See,
she heard me talking to her.
Theresa: Whitney, you can't keep your promise. You are in love with
Chad, and Chad is in love with you.
Whitney: Theresa, it doesn't matter, ok? My sister's life is way more
important than my love life. I told her that I wasn't going to see Chad
anymore, and I won’t.Father Lonigan: How are you feeling, child?
Kay: Well, I'm fine, father. Why wouldn't I be?
Father Lonigan: We both know the answer to that, Kay. You still don't
have your soul back, do you?
Kay: The last time I saw my soul, Hecuba had it, and I don't have a
clue where she is these days. What am I supposed to do, father?
Charity: Hey. Can I ask you something? You spent a lot of time on the
internet looking up things to do with hell and demons, right?
Reese: Please, don't remind me.
Charity: Ok, now, when you were doing that, did you happen to come
across anything to do with people who walk around with no souls?
Reese: Yeah, yeah. Actually, there was this one web site all about
soulless people.
Charity: Ok. Maybe you could show it to me sometime.
Reese: Well, sure. Ok. We could look at it right now. I'm sure dr.
Russell wouldn't mind if we used the computer in her office.
Charity: Ok.
Reese: Come on.

Julian: Oh, please don't hurt me. I'm sorry. I realize now what I did
was wrong, but my motives were pure. I wanted to protect my sister. Surely
you would have done the same thing if you thought Theresa were going to
marry the wrong man.
Luis: The hell I would! Julian, I am nothing like you. I'm nothing like
you at all!
Julian: Oh.
Luis: You see, I know that you think that Sheridan is marrying someone
who's way beneath her. For goodness sake, my mother's your family's
housekeeper. Not to mention that I'm going to have to support Sheridan on
a lowly civil servant's pay check. It must be killing you. Oh, it must be
killing you! I'm just a regular blue-collar guy who's never Even played a
golf game on the country club course in his life.
Julian: You make me sound so snobbish.
Luis: Yeah? Well, if that's all it were, I'd feel sorry for you. You
see, Julian, I know the real reason why you don't want Sheridan to marry
me. You know that I'm on to you. You know that once I marry Sheridan I’m
going to have access to your estate, to your home, and to all your
affairs. I'm finally going to have a damn good shot at finding out what
you and your old man did to make my father disappear. You see, Julian, in
the not-too-distant future, I'm going to have answers to a lot of
questions. And who knows? Maybe I'll run into someone else -- someone else
who's got some answers, someone else who wants to knock you and Alistair
off your high horse as bad as I do. So you're right to be afraid. And, no,
Julian, I'm not going to kill you. But after tonight, you're going to wish
I had.

[Telephone rings]
Sam: I'm not going to get that.
Grace: What's if it's the girls? Jessica knew I was coming here
tonight. [Ring]
Sam: Chief Bennett. Oh, my God. I'll be right there. Thanks for the
call.
Grace: Oh, what happened? Are the girls all right?
Sam: No, no, no, they're fine. It's Simone. She's been hit by a car.
She's in there E.R. Right now with her life hanging on by a thread.
Grace: Oh, my God.
Sam: Listen, I'll go put on some clothes and we'll get there right now,
all right?
Grace: Why don't you get dressed, Ivy? You're pathetic.
Ivy: You're the one who walked in on her husband kissing a naked woman.
Who's the pathetic one here, Grace?

Tabitha: You can't leave! I won't allow it!
Timmy: Let go of Timmy! Princess can't stop him! It's a free country!
Tabitha: For a chosen few, perhaps, but certainly not for dolls.
Besides, Timmy, I need you!
Timmy: Find someone else to hide all your bleeding bodies!
Tabitha: It was only one bleeding body. Besides, we weren't responsible
for Simone's injury. Someone else hit her with their car.
Timmy: You think that makes Timmy feel any better? Timmy wanted to help
her, and princess wouldn't let him.
Tabitha: For the last time, I did what I had to do in order to protect
us -- both of us! Don't you understand, Timmy? If Charity and Miguel make
love, we're both done for! It's not just me who'll be burned at the stake.
You're in far too deep to back out now, Timmy. Our only hope is to
separate Charity and Miguel before they turn 18 and get married.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't want to be burned at the stake.
Tabitha: No, of course you don’t. That's why you have to stay and help
me to help us. Now, there's a very good reason why I wear this vial --
Kay's soul -- around my neck, you know?
Timmy: Tabitha, the vial's glowing again. [Tabitha gasps]
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy. It's a sign. It's a sign that we'll be saved! Kay's
soul will show us how to separate Charity and Miguel for good.

Father Lonigan: You should have gotten your soul back by now, Kay.
Don't tell me you're still plotting to get Miguel away from Charity.
Kay: Well, I've tried one or two things. But don't blame it all on me,
father. I mean, even Charity's having visions of Miguel and me, and I
think it's because she knows that we're supposed to be together.
Father Lonigan: You should know better, Kay. Miguel loves Charity. Your
trying to steal him away is how all your problems started to-begin with.
Don't you realize that selling your soul almost destroyed your family? It
cost them their home. Did you learn nothing when you, Miguel, and Charity
almost lost your lives?
Kay: Why does everything always have to be my fault?
Father Lonigan: Because you are the one who sold your soul. If you do
not change your ways, Kay Bennett, the return of evil to Harmony will be
the least of your troubles. If you do not get your soul back and you
should die, you will be damned to burn in eternal hell.

Luis: Now, don't get me wrong. Don't think that I wouldn't just love to
finish you off just to get it over with once and for all. [Julian
whimpers]
Luis: But I won’t. That is not a reprieve. The only reason that I’m
going to spare you is because of Sheridan, because it would hurt her. So
don't think that I'm sparing you for your sake. I'm sparing you for hers.
Julian: Oh, thank you. Thank you, Luis.
Luis: So, here's what's going to happen. Since you seem to love acting
so much, we're just going to play. We're just going to play like tonight
never happened at all. Except for one thing -- when Sheridan and I get
married -- and we are going to get married -- I'm going to be on you. I'm
going to be on you like white on rice. Oh, yeah, brother-in-law. I'm going
to be so close to you. I'm going to be so close to you you're going to
feel me breathing down your neck at all times. So don't think that just
because I'm letting you walk out of this house tonight that I am not going
to find out what you and Alistair did to my father. And when I do find out
and when I get the evidence, I'm going to come down on you hard. I'm going
to come down on you so hard!
Fake Luis: Where the hell --
Luis: Oh, look who's finally waking up. Get out!
Fake Luis: What?
Luis: I said get out! Now, get up and get the hell out of Harmony! If I
see you in Harmony one more time, I'm going to run you up on Every charge
possible.
Deedee: So, what are you going to do with me?
Deedee: I -- I’m so sorry in my part in what happened here. I wish I
would have never gotten involved with those people.
Sheridan: Yeah, I'll bet you do. Get out of here, ok?
Luis: Where do you think you're going?
Julian: Uh -- I -- I thought that --
Sheridan: One last thing, Julian.
Julian: Oh, anything, sister dear.
Julian: Ow. Oh.Ethan: Chad, this isn't your fault. It was a hit-and-run accident. It
was the driver's fault.
Chad: Yeah, well, I kind of did a hit-and-run on her myself, you know?
I never meant for her to think that I had feelings for her. But I knew
that's what she thought. And I didn't straighten her out. I should have
just let her down gently when I had the chance and none of this would have
happened. Ethan, if Simone dies, it's all on me.
Theresa: Whitney, please, you cannot give up on Chad. He is your first
love, your true love. You belong together. And no matter what happens to
Simone, this wasn't your fault.
Whitney: Then, whose fault was it, Theresa? I mean, sure, you can blame
the driver of the car, but Simone never would have rushed out into that
street if I wasn't in my room kissing Chad. No, Theresa, no. If Simone
pulls through this, there's no way I could ever be with Chad again,
knowing how much that I've hurt her. And if she dies -- ah -- how could I
ever even look at Chad knowing that we killed my little sister?

Sheridan: How dare you. How dare you and father use my need for family
against me! How dare you use my wish for love to almost cost me the only
real love I’ve Ever had! What is wrong with you? What did father do to you
growing up to make you like this? Do you even ever look in the mirror and
wonder who you've become? Do you ever think of mother when you're doing
these horrible, awful things? You wouldn't. You couldn't stomach your own
actions. I just want you to know that it didn't work. So you can go back
and tell father that your little plan to destroy what Luis and I have
together had the opposite effect. I love him with all of my heart. And I
am Even more determined now to spend the rest of my life with him. There's
nothing that you can do to stop me, nothing at all. .
Grace: I guess you were so used to getting exactly what you want that
it's inconceivable to you that you're not going to win back Sam.
Ivy: Frankly, yes.
Grace: Well, get over it because it's not going to happen. You see,
I’ve decided I'm going to fight for my husband, and you are no match for
me.
Ivy: What are you going to do, Grace? Use tomato soup cake to repair
your marriage?
Grace: Shut up. You see, you don't know the first thing about me or
Sam, and that's your first mistake. Your second mistake is not realizing
that I don't have to fight nearly as hard as you do because I am already
married to Sam. I am already wearing his ring.
Sam: You ready?
Grace: Mm-hmm.
Sam: When I get back, you better be gone -- for good.
Ivy: Oh. Oh, no, Sam. You are not getting rid of me that easily. You
still love me, I know you do, and I am not going to stop until you know
it, too.

Tabitha: I wonder where Kay's soul is going to lead us this time,
Timmy. Oh! Oh, easy does it, little vial! You don't want to be strangling
me, now, do you? [Tabitha chuckles]
Timmy: What's it doing, princess?
Tabitha: Oh, damned if I know. Oh, hey! Hey, watch it! You're twisting
this thing too tight!
Timmy: Uh-oh. Timmy does not like the looks of this.
Tabitha: Oh! Oh! Hey! Help! I can't breathe, Timmy! [Tabitha coughs]
Timmy: Timmy can't reach it!
Tabitha: Oh! [Timmy groans]
Tabitha: Ow!
Timmy: Tabitha was right! Somebody is going to die tonight, but it's
not going to be Simone! It's going to be Tabitha!

Reese: Well, I'm going to go check on Simone.

Charity: "People without souls are cold all the time, almost freezing
to the human touch. There have been eyewitness accounts of people who
swear they looked at those without souls, but rather than seeing their
normal faces, see monsters instead." That's exactly what I saw when I
looked at Kay. But why do I keep remembering being pulled into hell? What
does that have to do with anything? Help me! Agh! Kay! Kay, please help
me! Kay! Oh, my God. Kay could have helped me and she didn't.
Miguel: Hey. Reese said you were deep into something on the computer.
What's up?
Charity: Miguel, Kay doesn't have a soul.
Father Lonigan: I'm warning you, child. Change your ways, or evil will
revisit Harmony.
Whitney: Did my sister wake up yet? Is she asking for me?
Doctor: I'm afraid not, Whitney.
Whitney: But she was starting to, right? I mean, that's why she grabbed
my hand.
Doctor: I can't tell you why she did that. Unfortunately, your sister's
showing no signs of improvement.
Whitney: Oh.
Doctor: I'm afraid her condition is deteriorating at an alarming rate.
Whitney: Oh.
Eve: Oh, my God! Nurse: Code blue! Code blue!Sheridan: You were amazing.
Luis: Hmm. Not when you think about what was at stake. Sheridan, I'm
not about to let anyone or anything tear us apart. I love you, you know.
Sheridan: I love you, too. I can't imagine living my life without you.
Luis: You won't have to.
Rebecca: The important thing is that you're all right.
Julian: Not really, not when Father finds out what happened.
Rebecca: Oh, my God.
Julian: He said if our plan failed, he'd make me kill Sheridan. And now
I'm going to have to kill my own sister.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 6/18/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 6/18/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Tabitha: Hey! Stop! Stop! Timmy! Timmy, help me! Kay's soul is trying
to kill me!
Timmy: What can Timmy do?
Tabitha: Get the cord off me! Get it off!
Timmy: How?
Tabitha: Well, think of something, Timmy!
Timmy: Tabby said somebody was going to die in Harmony tonight. Timmy
thinks it's going to be you!

Doctor: She's in v-fib! Get that crash cart in here, stat!
Eve: She's arresting. Stay back. Give them room to work.
T.C.: Just don't let her die.
Doctor: Charge to 300 volts.
T.C.: Please don't let my daughter die.
Reese: Coach Russell?
Doctor: Clear.
Reese: What's happening?
T.C.: We're losing her.
Eve: Oh, God, don't say that.
Chad: Oh, God. This is all my fault, man.
Ethan: It's not your fault, Chad. Simone was hit by a car.
Chad: Yeah, but after she saw me with Whitney. And she was so upset
that she didn't see the car coming.
Ethan: It could have been the fog. You know, the fog was crazy tonight.

Chad: Oh, man, it wasn't the fog, man. I should have told Simone a long
time ago that I was in love with Whitney and not her.
Doctor: Clear. Again. Everybody clear.
Whitney: Theresa, she's just got to be all right. I mean, this is all
my fault. I could have killed my own sister.
Theresa: Whitney, they're doing everything they can in there. Simone is
going to pull through this.
Whitney: But what if she doesn't? It'll be my fault that she's dead.
Theresa: You don't know that she saw you and Chad kissing.
Whitney: Look, she could have seen me and Chad kissing in the window,
Theresa, and been so upset that she just ran out into the street. I mean,
she loves Chad, and she would have thought that I was trying to steal him
away from her, Theresa. Oh, Simone, honey. Please don't die. I swear to
you I’m going to keep my promise. I'm never going to ever see Chad again.

Father Lonigan: What if that were you, Kay? What if you were dying
without a soul? Do you know what would happen? You would be damned to hell
for all eternity.
Kay: I know, father.
Father Lonigan: Then do something about it. You can redeem yourself.
You can reclaim your soul, Kay. You must before it's too late, or you'll
be damned to burn in the flames of eternal hell.

Miguel: What are you talking about?
Charity: I'm telling you, Miguel, Kay has no soul. You have to believe
me.
Miguel: Charity, why in the world would you say something like that?
Charity: It's true, Miguel. Look, I know it sounds outrageous, but I
know that it's true.
Miguel: I can't believe it.
Charity: Ok. If it's true, Miguel, if Kay has no soul, I’m going to
prove it.

Sheridan: I love you so much. Sorry I ever doubted you, even for a
minute. How could I even think that I saw you making love to another
woman?
Luis: Hey, don't feel bad. All right? I mean, the mask that guy was
wearing to impersonate me was, well, so good, even I had to look twice. He
even sounded like me.
Sheridan: That was amazing.
Luis: So it is completely understandable that you thought you saw me
with that woman. I don't even think my mother would have been able to tell
the difference.
Sheridan: I'm just so glad that it's over. Our love was stronger than
any of Julian's schemes.
Luis: It took a big leap of faith for you to believe me.
Sheridan: My heart told me that I had to believe you. And you were able
to expose Julian and all the horrible things he was doing to try and break
us up.
Luis: No, we did it. We did it together. Our love got us through. From
now on, it's just going to be us.
Sheridan: Just you and me.
Luis: That's right. There's nothing your family can do to tear us
apart. We're going to be together forever.

Julian: I wonder if father knows what happened.
Rebecca: Probably. Alistair always seems to know everything that
happens everywhere. [Telephone rings]
Julian: That's him on the phone. He knows.
Rebecca: Yeah. He probably had Deedee’s house bugged.
Julian: I don't even want to think about how angry he's going to be
with me. He'll rip me to pieces.
Rebecca: Oh. Oh, Julian. It wasn't all your fault.
Julian: I'll get all the blame. You watch. [Ring]
Rebecca: How could you know that Luis and Sheridan knew you were up to
something and that they'd turned the tables on you? I think you just used
the imposter once too often.
Julian: What was I supposed to do? The alternative was to kill
Sheridan.
Rebecca: I know. And now that the plan's failed, Alistair will insist
on doing things his way.
Julian: That's exactly what I’m afraid of. When father finds out my
		plan failed, I'll be forced to murder my own sister.
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy, do something!
Timmy: Timmy's trying to find something to cut the cord away from
tabby's neck.
Tabitha: Oh! Oh! Oh, no! No!
Timmy: This will do it. This will save Timmy's princess.

Eve: Please, God, don't let her die.
T.C.: Take me. Don't take my baby.
Ethan: Simone is going to be all right.
Chad: Oh, I hope so, man. But no matter what happens, at least Whitney
and I have each other. Hopefully, our love will get us through this.
Whitney: We should have told Simone about us a long time ago. It's the
secret that Chad and I kept that's responsible for this whole thing. I
kept a secret from my little sister, and now she could die because of it.
Theresa: Whitney, this -- this is not your fault.
Whitney: Oh, yeah, Theresa, it is. And I know that I'm doing the right
thing. I have to tell Chad right away.
Chad: What? What are you going to tell me, Whitney?
Reese: Simone's in pretty bad shape. I'm going to get Miguel and
Charity.

Father Lonigan: Kay?
Kay: I'm right here, father.
Father Lonigan: Your voice sounds so emotionless, Kay. Your friend
could die, and you cannot feel anything because you do not have a soul.
Kay: Then pray for her, father.
Father Lonigan: I am praying for her. And for you. You must get your
soul back, Kay. You will never be able to feel anything. You will not have
the love of a man -- not Miguel, not anyone -- unless you have a soul.

Miguel: Charity, come on. I mean, you think you can prove that Kay
doesn't have a soul?
Charity: Ok. Look at this, Miguel. Come on. I've been doing some
research, and Reese showed me this web site on the subject. Now, these are
all the things that people with no souls have in common. So look at the
first one, ok? They're unable to show emotion. Now, when was the last time
that you saw Kay show any kind of emotion, ok? When was she even excited
about anything at all?
Miguel: I -- I can't remember. I mean, I don't know.
Charity: It's because she hasn't been excited, Miguel. She hasn't shed
one single tear. And people with no souls can't show any emotion.
Miguel: Maybe she's just depressed. I mean, look at everything she's
been through. You know, she finds out Ethan is her half brother, and then
her parents split up.
Charity: Exactly my point. I mean, don't you think that she would have
shed even one tear over her parents' break-up?
Miguel: Maybe she cries in private.
Charity: No. No. I truly believe that she hasn't shed one single tear.
Miguel: Wait a minute. Yes, she has. Just the other night when I was
with her, she cried. You know, she said that she didn't have anyone to
love her.
Charity: Are you sure, Miguel? Did you actually see her cry?
Miguel: I mean, you know, I can't remember, but I know that she was
really upset.
Charity: Ok. Now, what about this? When you touch Kay, is she cold?
Because people with no souls are cold to the touch.
[Miguel Flashback]
Miguel: Kay?
Kay: What?
Miguel: Your hand, it's so cold. Are you ok?
Kay: Yeah. I'm fine. It's just a little cold in here, that's all.
Miguel: You're still freezing. You know, I think you're coming down
with something.
Kay: No, I just have a little chill, that's all.
Miguel: I have noticed her being cold all the time.
Charity: Ok. Now, the third thing -- people with no souls are unable to
step into a church. Miguel, when was the last time that Kay came with us
to church? She hasn't been to mass. She didn't come with us to midnight
mass on Christmas. She's always got some kind of an excuse.
Miguel: That's true.
Charity: Miguel, I'm so sure about this. You have to believe me. Kay
has no soul, and I’m really worried about her.

Sheridan: Are we celebrating?
Luis: Well, don't you think that we should? We have proved that our
love is stronger than any dirty trick that your brother or father can
throw at us. We deserve a celebration.
Sheridan: Thank you. Yes, we do. I still can't believe my father and
brother would do something so diabolical to try and break us up.
Luis: Yeah, well, I know that must have hurt you. But you got to keep
going on with your life. Sheridan, you're a beautiful, wonderful, loving
human being. They're the losers, all right? They're the ones who are
stupid enough not to have you in their lives.
Sheridan: Thank God I have you.
Luis: But more importantly, you have you. And you've got to realize
your self-worth, or you're going to keep on being vulnerable to people
like your brother and father.
Sheridan: I love you so much.
Luis: I love you, too. Nothing or no one is ever going to tear us
apart.
Sheridan: Never.
Luis: Never.

Julian: Good, he hung up.
Rebecca: I am sure he'll be calling back.
Julian: I'm sure you're right. I don't want to talk to him till I have
a drink in my hand.
Rebecca: Oh, pookie. You're so tense. Here, let me help you, ok?
Julian: Oh.
Rebecca: There.
Julian: Oh.
Rebecca: Oh. Feeling better?
Julian: Oh, you always know how to make me feel better, becks.
Rebecca: I know all kinds of ways to make you feel a whole lot better.
Julian: I'm sure you do.
Julian: Oh, yeah.
Julian: Oh! Come here, you little temptress. [Telephone rings]
Julian: Oh. Just let it ring. I don't want to talk to father now. I'll
call him tomorrow. [Clapping]
Julian: What the hell --
Rebecca: Who's that?
Julian: Father.
Rebecca: Alistair.
Alistair: As you can see, there's no need for you to call me back
tomorrow.
Julian: Uh -- what are you doing here?
Alistair: I'm here because, once again, you've failed to put an end to
Sheridan's affair with Luis Lopez Fitzgerald. I'm here to clean up the
mess you've made.
Luis: I still can't believe it.

Sheridan: Can't believe what?
Luis: That you and I are here, like this. I never thought I'd find a
woman like you.
Sheridan: I never thought I'd find a man like you.
Luis: I've been waiting my whole life for this.
Sheridan: So have I.
Luis: I'm never going to let anyone take you away from me.

Rebecca: Alistair -- ahem -- Mr. Crane. How nice to see you again.
Alistair: I wouldn't rush to the conclusion that it's nice to see me,
Rebecca.
Julian: Father, I can't explain what happened. It was a perfect plan.
The masked imposter would have fooled Luis' own mother.
Alistair: Sit down. I know exactly what happened, Julian. I can't
believe you let Luis outsmart you.
Julian: I still don't know how he figured it out. The plan should have
worked perfectly.
Alistair: Well, it didn't, did it?
Rebecca: Alistair -- um -- you know, we've met before. I don't know if
you remember, but it was at ivy and Julian's wedding. I was ivy's maid of
honor.
Alistair: Oh, I remember, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Oh, Alistair.
Alistair: Call me Mr. Crane. [Knock on door]
Julian: The ceremony's about to start, father.
Alistair: I'll be there in a few minutes. Yes, I remember that night
very well, Rebecca.

Tabitha: Timmy! Help me! Timmy!
Timmy: Cool. Timmy's a pirate. Avast and ahoy, me mateys!
Tabitha: Oh.
Timmy: Timmy will save you, tabby.
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy, help me! Pirate: So you think you can save her, do
you there, laddy?
Timmy: Unhand Timmy's princess.
Tabitha: Oh! Pirate: So you think you're a match for blackbeard the
pirate, do you?
Timmy: Say your prayers, blackbeard.
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy! Timmy, yes! Hey, Timmy!
Timmy: Say your prayers! Blackbeard: Mercy!
Timmy: That blackbeard is no match for the great pirate Timmy.
Tabitha: Help me! Timmy!
Timmy: Ah! Princess!

Rebecca: Well, you two have some business to discuss, so I’ll just --
I'll just be going.
Alistair: Sit down, Rebecca. You're not going anywhere. I've got a new
plan to rip Sheridan and Luis apart.
Julian: Oh, a new plan? So soon?
Alistair: Yes, Julian. Since I knew you would once again fail, I've
been working on this plan for weeks.
Julian: I did everything I could.
Alistair: You failed, period. This time, we will do things my way. We
will do what I've known all along had to be done. Sheridan must be killed.



Chad: Whitney? What do you want to tell me?
Eve: Dr. Meade. Whitney, the doctor's here.
T.C.: How is she, dr. Meade? Dr. Meade: She's stabilized.
Eve: Oh. Oh, thank God.
T.C.: Thank you, God. Dr. Meade: She's stable and she's fighting, but
I'm not sure how long she will be able to hold on.
Whitney: Simone.
Reese: You guys? Simone's getting worse. You may want to go back to the
e.R.
Charity: No.
Reese: Did you find someone at that web site to help you out, Charity?
Charity: Yes, I did.
Miguel: Does Reese know that you think Kay doesn't have a soul?
Reese: Kay? What are you talking about?
Charity: No, no. I haven't told Reese yet. Reese, take a look, ok? Kay
is showing all the signs of somebody with no soul. She's unable to show
emotion. Her skin feels cold to the touch. And Kay refuses to go to
church.
Reese: But Kay without a soul? No way.
Charity: Reese, I think that I have a lot of proof here.
Reese: I love Kay. She's a good person.
Miguel: Charity, I’ve known Kay my whole life, ok? And I think you're
way off base here.
Charity: Ok, look. There are a couple of things I haven't even told you
yet. Now, look at this fourth thing, ok? It says that people without a
soul have sometimes been known to take the form of a monster. Remember
when I looked into Kay's face and I saw the shape of a monster?
Miguel: I do remember you saying that, yes.
Charity: And, Miguel, I'm remembering things about being pulled into
hell, and Kay was there and somebody else.
Reese: Kay saw you go into hell?
Miguel: Who else was there?
Charity: Hecuba the witch. And Kay was helping her drag me into hell.
And, Miguel, it's not all that clear, but I could swear that I remember
them arguing over her soul.
Miguel: Arguing about her soul?
Charity: Yes. That's exactly what I heard, Miguel. And I know that Kay
is at least partially responsible for my getting dragged into hell.

Timmy: Timmy can cut the cord with his sword, but he can't reach.
Tabitha: Well, get on the table!
Timmy: Don't fear, princess. Timmy will save you.
Tabitha: Be careful, Timmy.
Timmy: Oh, don't worry. Timmy will cut you loose, princess. Hi-ya! No!
		No! No, no, no, no! What has Timmy done?

Julian: Father, let's not be hasty about this. Perhaps we should --
Alistair: Perhaps we should do what? Sit around and wait for Luis to
investigate his father's disappearance? Do you want to go to prison?
Julian: No, of course not.
Alistair: Well, then shut up and listen. You and Rebecca will stay
close and be ready to do my bidding on a moment's notice. Do you
understand?
Rebecca: I'm not sure I should be here for such an intimate family
moment.
Alistair: You're already up to your elbows in Sheridan's blood,
Rebecca.
Julian: Don't you want to go over the plan with us now, father?
Alistair: You'll know what you need to know when you need to know it
and not a moment before. And try not to do any more damage to the crane
empire in the next few days. I'll be in touch.

Charity: Look, guys, a lot is coming back to me. And I know that Hecuba
was responsible for putting me into hell, but Kay was there, too. And I --
I begged and begged her to help me, and she did nothing.
Reese: She didn't even try to help?
Charity: No. She just stood there and watched. It was like she wanted
me to be pulled into hell.
Miguel: Charity, I want to believe you, ok? But I can't understand why
Kay would do something like that. She's your cousin. She loves you.
Reese: Well, that wouldn't matter if she didn't have a soul.
Charity: Right. And I think that Hecuba took it and she was using it to
blackmail her.
Miguel: But how? How would Hecuba just take away Kay's soul?
Charity: Look, I don't know. But I'm so sure about this. And I'm
starting to realize that all my visions are because of this -- my seeing
you with Kay, together, her kissing you.
Reese: Whoa. Kay and Miguel?
Charity: It's what I saw, Reese.
Reese: Kay loves me, not Miguel.
Charity: Ok, guys, I think the only way that we're going to get to the
truth is if we just talk to her.
Miguel: I think that's a good idea. Look, as much as I love you, I
think you're wrong about this.
Reese: I think so, too. God, I hope so.
Miguel: If Kay doesn't have a soul, then where is it now?

Timmy: Timmy didn't mean to chop tabby's head off. Timmy's so sorry.
Princess!
Timmy: Oh, poor tabby. What's Timmy going to do without his princess?
Come back to Timmy, princess. Come back.
Tabitha: You couldn't just cut the cord around my neck, could you? You
had to cut my bloody head off!
Timmy: Ah!
Tabitha: Ouch! Don't fall apart on me, Timmy. I need your help.
Timmy: Oh, Timmy's princess is still alive! Oh, princess!

Charity: How's Simone? Is she going to be ok?
Nurse: Oh, I'm sorry, but it doesn't look good.
Charity: Miguel, look at everyone, ok? Simone's parents, Whitney and
Chad, Theresa and Ethan -- they're all emotional. We're all emotional over
Simone. And then look at Kay, Miguel. Nothing. Not even a tear.
Miguel: Maybe she's in shock. That's why she's not crying.
Charity: I think we should talk to her. Kay. You must be really upset.
Your hands are so cold.
Miguel: You are really cold, Kay.
Reese: Like ice.
Kay: What's going on? Why is everybody grabbing my arm?
Miguel: Kay, why aren't you crying? Simone's your best friend.
Kay: Well, I'm trying to be strong. I mean, for everybody else.
Miguel: Is that it?
Charity: Maybe we should go to the chapel and pray.
Miguel: Yeah. Yeah, I think we should all go and say a prayer for
Simone.
Kay: No, you guys go. I'll stay here just in case something happens and
the doctor needs to talk to us.
Charity: Miguel, I think I'm right.
Kay: Right about what? What's going on, guys? Why are you looking at me
like that?

Rebecca: Julian, why are you so concerned about Luis wanting to
investigate the disappearance of his father? I mean, what exactly did
happen to martin Fitzgerald?
Julian: I don't want you to concern yourself with that, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Listen, I am being told that I am up to my elbows in
Sheridan's blood. Don't you think I deserve to know why we are supposed to
kill her?
Julian: You know why -- to keep Luis from being able to snoop into his
father's disappearance.
Rebecca: I know that you would go to incredible lengths to keep Luis
from snooping. All I want to know is what you did to his father.
Julian: I can't tell you.
Rebecca: Julian, we are going to be married. You can tell me anything.
Julian: No, I can’t. Because if you knew what happened to Martin
Fitzgerald, then father and I would have to kill you, as well.

Sheridan: Thank you. Thank you for all the wonderful things in my life.
Thank you for letting me find Luis, a wonderful man who truly loves me.
Thank you for giving me the joy and happiness I never thought I’d have.
&nbsp;Alistair: My poor, pitiful, beautiful daughter. I'll never see you
alive again. I think I will go so crazy.

Eve: Simone, baby, if you can hear mommy, you have to fight. You can't
give up, sweetie.
T.C.: Listen to your mama, sugar bear. We need you. We love you so
much. We can't let you go.
Theresa: I feel so terrible for them.
Ethan: Yeah.
Theresa: Poor Chad.
Ethan: Yeah, Chad's going to be broken up over this.
Theresa: Whitney's going to break his heart.
Ethan: That's what happens when you're not honest. I mean, I know they
had good intentions, but if Simone did see them together, this is the
worst possible way for her to find out about them. And then this is what
happens.
Theresa: I know.
Ethan: I'm just glad that we don't have any secrets between us.

Chad: Whitney -- look, sweetie, I know -- I know that you're worried
about Simone. All right? But you can't blame yourself.
Whitney: Chad, I do. And I know what I'm going to do is the right
thing.
Chad: Ok, well, whatever you're going to do, we'll do it together.
Whitney: No.
Chad: What's wrong? Whitney, why are you acting like this?
Whitney: Chad, I'm so sorry, but I can't be with you anymore.
Chad: What?
Whitney: I said that it's over. We can't be together anymore, Chad. Not
ever. I promised Simone.

Kay: What's going on, guys? Why are you all staring at me?
Miguel: All right. Look, we need to know. Is it true? Do you have a
soul or not?
Kay: What?
Miguel: Just answer the question. Do you have a soul, or are you a
soulless being?

Timmy: Timmy's princess is alive!
Tabitha: Yes, I’m alive, but I've been better.
Timmy: Timmy's so sorry he cut tabby's head off.
Tabitha: Yes. Well? What are we going to do about it? Oh, Timmy, the
pain, the pain!
Timmy: Princess is in pain? Pain? Timmy has to fix it. Timmy knows just
what to do. He'll have his princess' head sewed back onto her body. And he
knows just who to do it -- dr. Eve Russell. She's a miracle worker. She
can do it.

Rebecca: Julian, you can't really be serious about considering this. I
mean, killing your own sister?
Julian: I have no choice. If I don't do it, father will cut me off
completely -- or worse.
Rebecca: Worse? What could possibly be worse than -- oh, no. You -- you
mean you and me?
Julian: It's a fait accompli. As far as father's concerned, Sheridan's
already dead.

Sheridan: Oh.
Luis: Sheridan. Sheridan? Hey. You all right?
Sheridan: I don't know. I -- I just got this chill, like someone's
watching me, knowing that harm's going to come to me.
Luis: Hey. You're just freaked out by everything that's happened
tonight, that's all.
Sheridan: Yeah. I guess so.
Luis: Don't let it get to you. Come on. We've weathered everything your
brother and father could throw at us. We're still here, right?
Sheridan: Yes. We are. I love you so much.
Luis: And I love you, too. Nothing's ever going to tear us apart.

  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 6/20/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Wednesday 6/20/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Timmy: Don't worry, tabby. Dr. Russell will fix you right up. Timmy's
heading straight for the hospital -- as soon as he catches his breath.
Tabitha: How did I wind up with such an incompetent sidekick? All I
asked you to do was save me from being choked to death by the cord on the
vial containing Kay's soul. Next thing I knew, heads were rolling --
specifically mine.
Timmy: Timmy thought he could rescue his princess with his dazzling
swordplay. Hi-ya!
Tabitha: Well, sir Lancelot, have you figured out a way how dr. Eve can
put me back together with my body still in the attic?
Timmy: Uh-oh. Timmy better run back to the house and call an ambulance.
Tabby's always using her head.
Tabitha: One more peep out of you, and you'll be moonlighting as a pin
cushion. [Footsteps]
Timmy: Tabby, did you hear that?
Tabitha: Hear what?
Timmy: Footsteps. Someone's running fast this way. Oh, no!

Miguel: Tell me, Kay, do you have a soul?
Kay: What are you talking about?
Miguel: Look, Charity put some things together and figured out that you
might not have a soul. And then she looked on this web site to find more
information about it, and --
Kay: You guys think I don't have a soul because of some web site?
Miguel, you know what kind of crazy stuff is on that internet.
Miguel: This isn't crazy, Kay. All right, it said that soulless people
can't show emotion. And we've all noticed that you haven't even cried even
though your best friend could be dying. You know, and you're cold all the
time, even though it's summer.
Kay: Ok, wait. Let me get this straight. Charity thinks I don't have a
soul because I’m cold and I'm not crying.
Miguel: That's not all. Remember when you gave Charity that manicure?
She said that she saw you with the face of a monster.
Kay: Charity has visions all the time.
Miguel: There's more, Kay. Charity finally remembers what happened when
she was sucked into hell.
Charity: Kay! Kay, please help me! Kay! Kay -- help me, Kay!
Miguel: Charity says that she begged you to help her and you didn't.
Charity: Look, Kay, we want the truth. Are you a soulless person?

T.C.: Come on, Simone, honey. You have to fight.
Eve: We love you so much, honey. Please come back to us.
Grace: Oh, sweetie.
Sam: Heard about Simone at the station. How's she doing?
T.C.: Sam, it doesn't look good.
Sam: I'm so sorry, T.C.
Eve: Grace, we can't loose Simone.
Grace: I know, sweetheart. I know.

Chad: You can't be serious, Whitney. I mean, you don't really mean that
you don't want to ever see me again.
Whitney: I'm serious, Chad. It's our fault that Simone was hurt.
Chad: We don't know that for sure.
Whitney: Look, I know it in my heart, ok? She must have seen us kissing
in the window, and that's why she ran out into the street like that. I
mean, she didn't even see the car that hit her because she was so upset.
Chad: What happened to Simone was horrible, but that doesn't change how
we feel about each other.
Whitney: Chad, it changes everything. My sister could die because of
me. Look, I'm sorry, Chad, but our relationship is over.

Theresa: Poor Simone. She's fighting for her life. I don't know what
her family will do if she doesn't make it.
Ethan: Just shows you how much damage secrets can cause. And I know
Chad and Whitney were just trying to protect Simone by keeping their
relationship a secret, but they wound up hurting her even more.
Theresa: Whitney feels awful. You know, I wish I knew how to help her.
Ethan: There's not much we can do. Secrets cause everybody so much
pain, and they always come out in the end. I'm just glad that we don't
have any secrets between us.

Gwen: I miss you so much, Ethan. [Knock on door]
Rebecca: Oh, Gwen, you're up. Why? It's so late.
Gwen: I can't sleep. My bed just feels so empty without Ethan.
Gwen: It just makes me sick to think of him being with Theresa.
Rebecca: Well, not for long. Very soon he is going to dump that little
tramp and be right back by your side.
Gwen: I have waited long enough. I just want to call the tabloid and
tell them that that e-mail that they received about his paternity is from
Theresa's computer.
Rebecca: Well, we can't blow our plan. I mean, it was a stroke of
genius mailing the tabloid from that little gold digger's computer. But
right now we have to bide our time.
Gwen: But I can't stand it anymore!
Rebecca: Look, Theresa's wedding is in just a few days. Now, either the
tabloid is going to find out that the e-mail came from her computer, or we
are going to anonymously let them know. Either way, Theresa's life is
going to be destroyed on her wedding day.

[Knock on door]
Man: Yeah. I'm glad you're here. Have you found out who sent the e-mail
revealing Ethan crane wasn't really a crane?
Mort: Well, I --
Man: I think this is going to be another big scandal. Tell me, who sent
the e-mail that ruined Ethan's life? [Captioning made possible by the
national broadcasting company] singer: I would hold the hand of the one
who could lead me places and kiss the lips of the one who could sing so
sweet and I would fly on the wings of the bird I knew could take me
highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you are the fire burning
inside of me you are my passion for life
Man: Don't keep me in suspense. Who sent the e-mail?
Mort: Actually, finding the name attached to that e-mail address has
been a little harder than I thought.
Man: I thought you knew people at all the major servers.
Mort: Well, I do, but unfortunately some of my contacts have been laid
off. Everyone else seems to be on vacation.
Man: Damn. We need another bombshell, and I think that this scandal is
just the ticket.
Mort: I'm going to find someone who can tell me who's been using that
e-mail address. I'm not going to stop until I have a name.

Gwen: I just hate waiting around, knowing that we could blow Theresa
out of the water right now.
Rebecca: Well, I promise it will all work out. Just try to get some
sleep, and it'll all be better in the morning.
Gwen: Speaking of sleep, where have you been?
Rebecca: Oh, out and about.
Gwen: What are you up to, mother?
Rebecca: Well, I guess I might as well tell you. I was, you know,
helping Julian with a little scheme to break up Luis and Sheridan.
Gwen: What? Just what did the two of you do?
Rebecca: Well, we just hired a man to impersonate Luis, and, you know,
have Sheridan walk in on him in bed with another woman.
Gwen: That's terrible. How could Julian do that to his own sister? And
how could you be involved in that?
Rebecca: Well, it didn't work. Besides, why are you trying to be miss
innocent? Aren't you trying to plot to break up Ethan and Theresa?
Gwen: No, that's different. I have a very good reason for that.
Rebecca: Well, Alistair and Julian seem to have their reasons, too.
Gwen: Oh, my God. If Julian and Alistair, two of the most powerful men
in the world, can't break Sheridan and Luis up, then what does that mean
for us?
Rebecca: Well, you said yourself, these are very different
circumstances.
Gwen: Yeah, but we don't have nearly the resources they do. What if our
plan fails, too? Mother, if I don't get Ethan back, I don't know what I'll
do.

Hank: I heard about Simone on the radio. How's she doing?
Sam: We just spoke to the doctor. Said she's just holding on.
Jessica: Oh, no. Simone can't die. Oh, God.

Chad: I have waited too long for something this real, and I am not
going to lose you now.
Whitney: What about Simone? She is the one that's lost everything --
maybe even her life. I can't live with that kind of guilt, Chad.
Chad: But don't you see, Whitney? We can't live without each other.
Whitney: Look, I made a promise to Simone that I would never see you
again, and I’m going to stick by that promise.
Charity: Am I right, Kay? Do you have no soul?
Kay: This is ridiculous.
Miguel: We don't think so. All right, you haven't been to mass with us
in months, and the web site said that soulless people can't go into a
church.
Charity: And we ask you to come, Kay, every single Sunday, and you
never do.
Kay: So? I go late on Sundays, or sometimes even on Saturday nights.
Reese: See, I knew Charity was wrong. I knew Kay had a soul. How else
could we be soul mates, right?
Miguel: Are you sure you're telling us the truth, Kay?
Kay: You guys still think I don't have a soul? You guys have seen way
too many episodes of "buffy."
Miguel: Look, all I know is that everything Charity's saying makes
sense. So just be honest with us. Do you have a soul?

Timmy: No!
Timmy: Oh!
Tabitha: Oh! Help me, Timmy!
Timmy: Oh, no. Tabby's heading straight for disaster.
Timmy: And disaster's heading straight for Timmy!
Tabitha: Help me, Timmy, or I'll wind up like one of Grace Bennett’s
flapjacks!
Timmy: Don't worry, princess. Timmy will come and save you.
Tabitha: My body's about to become road kill. Thank badness. I'm
getting too old for all this.

Man: Did you just see that?
Woman: See what?
Man: I saw a headless body in the middle of the road and a kid holding
the head like a football.
Woman: Gary, pull over. You've had too much caffeine again. I'll drive
the rest of the way.

Timmy: Timmy told his princess he'd save her.
Tabitha: Don't go patting yourself on the back. You're the reason I'm
in this mess.
Timmy: Go away. Leave Timmy alone. Timmy doesn't want this. This thing
choked tabby. Now the vial's going to choke Timmy. Ow! This thing is as
hot as "hidden passions."
Tabitha: You better leave that vial alone, doll face. For whatever
reason, you're obviously meant to have it.
Timmy: Maybe Timmy will start a new trend. But right now Timmy has to
take his princess to the hospital.
Tabitha: Wait, Timmy. We have to talk.
Timmy: There's no time for chitchat, princess. Timmy's on a mission.

Sam: T.C. And eve are going through hell.
Hank: At least they've still got each other to lean on.
Sam: Yeah.
Hank: Speaking of, how are you and Grace doing? Are you still bunking
at the station?
Sam: I am. But I think things are about to change.
Hank: That's good news, bro. What happened?
Sam: Well, it all started when ivy came to the station earlier. She was
naked.
Hank: You got to be kidding me. That woman's got some nerve.
Sam: Well, it gets worse. She threatened to cause a scene if I didn't
give her a good night kiss. Then Grace walked in right when I was kissing
her.
Hank: Oh, man. Grace must have been -- wait. I thought you said you and
Grace were working things out.
Sam: Grace ran out of the room, but luckily she heard me telling ivy
off. She realized that ivy's been manipulating this entire situation.
Hank: That's good news, bro.
Sam: Yeah. I think Grace is finally starting to realize that she's the
one I love -- the only one I love.

Jessica: I can't believe that you caught Mrs. Crane with daddy again.
Grace: Yeah, it was pretty shocking. But, like I said, you know, it all
worked out.
Jessica: Does that mean that you guys are going to get back together?
Grace: Jess, I am not going to make you any promises, but I'm thinking
very seriously about it.
Jessica: That would be so awesome.
Grace: Yes, it would. But right now, we really should just think about
Simone, huh?
Jessica: You're right. Simone has to get through this.

Chad: I get that you made a promise to Simone, but you and I were just
starting to build something.
Whitney: You know, maybe we were. But whatever we had, it's in the past
now.
Chad: Feelings just don't turn off just like that! Whitney, I love you.

Whitney: Please, stop this, Chad! It's over.
Chad: Whitney, look, I know that you feel terrible about Simone's
accident, all right? I do, too. But you think your sister would honestly
want us to be unhappy for the rest of our lives?
Whitney: At least we have our lives, Chad!
Chad: Whitney, there are certain things in life that are worth living
for. What we got -- that's one of them. So please don't take this away
from me.

Kay: I can't believe my own friends think I don't have a soul.
Charity: Look, Kay, we're not trying to hurt you. We just want the
truth.
Reese: You all know that I am a man of science, and there is clearly no
formula here that points to Kay walking the earth devoid of a soul.
Kay: I can't believe you guys are doing this to me. My best friend is
about to die!
Miguel: Look, I'm sorry, Kay, all right? We shouldn't have come at you
like this, especially not now.
Reese: Don't -- don't cry, Kay. Her tears have proven her innocence!
Miguel: All right, all right. I guess we were wrong. If Kay didn't have
a soul, she wouldn't be able to cry, right? Look, Reese, we should go
after her, see if she's ok.
Reese: Yeah. I'd do anything for my Kay.
Miguel: We'll be right back.

Charity: Father? There's something I have to talk to you about.
Father Lonigan: Of course, Charity. What's troubling you?
Charity: All right. Now, it may sound odd, but how could I prove
without a shadow of a doubt that somebody doesn't have a soul?
Father Lonigan: Tell me, child, why would you ask that question?
Charity: It's hard to explain, father, but I got this idea in my head
that Kay doesn't have a soul. And I did some research, and ever since
then, I’m more convinced than ever.
Father Lonigan: You're a good person, Charity. I believe that if you
suspected someone of lacking a soul, you would want to help them.
Charity: Oh. I guess I was terribly wrong. I shouldn't be trying to
expose her. I should try to help her.
Father Lonigan: It's not too late to help. You must pray for her,
Charity. Go to the hospital chapel and pray for Kay's soul.

Jessica: I know my sister can be a pain, but does Charity really think
she has no soul?
Miguel: Yeah. And then when we asked her about it, she got all upset
and she ran off. Have you seen her?
Jessica: No, I don't know where she is.
Miguel: All right, well, I'm going to go look in the cafeteria. Maybe
you guys can check outside.
Reese: I'm going to find my precious Kay if it's the last thing I do.
Reese: Holy -- did you see that?
Jessica: See what?
Reese: Come on, scully. We're about to open our own "x-files" case.

Tabitha: Timmy, stop right now, or you'll be fluffy's next fancy feast.

Timmy: Watch it! Why did tabby want Timmy to stop?
Tabitha: This is all quite simple. If you'll just hand my head to my
body, I'll be put back together again.
Timmy: It's more complicated than that, princess.
Tabitha: Trust me. What do you think I was trying to tell you the
entire way here?
Timmy: Fine. Tabby says so. [Footsteps]

Reese: Oh, my God.
Reese: I don't believe this.
Jessica: What's going on, Reese? I could barely keep up with you. Oh,
hi, Tabitha.
Tabitha: Hello, dear. So nice to see you.
Reese: I just saw Tabitha's doll sprint by, and he was carrying
Tabitha's disembodied head.
Jessica: Ok, I think you're taking it a little bit too far, Reese.
Tabitha's head is right where it should be, and her doll certainly isn't
running around.
Reese: But --
Tabitha: I think you're spending a little bit too much time on your
computer, Ross, dear.
Reese: It's Reese! And I saw it.
Jessica: Ok --
Reese: I really did. Ow.
Jessica: Ok, your imagination is in overdrive again. No --
Reese: Ok, maybe I'm just worried about Kay. I'd better go find her.
Jessica: That's a good idea. Look, I'm really sorry, Tabitha. He just
gets carried away.
Tabitha: I understand, dear. I was a teenager once myself, you know.
Timmy's voice: When? Back in the dark ages?
Jessica: Are you here to see Simone?
Tabitha: Oh, yes. Oh, I've been so worried about the poor dear girl.
How is she?
Jessica: She's in the E.R., But the doctors aren't sure she's going to
make it. Do you want me to take you to her?
Tabitha: You go ahead. I'll be right in.
Jessica: All right.Tabitha: Perfect. Simone's still in E.R. Let's go in and see if we can
help her over to the other side, cause the Russell family some real pain.
Timmy: Timmy wants Simone to live. Especially since Tabitha made Timmy
hide her body before.
Tabitha: Oh, what fun are you? Where do you think you're going?
Timmy: Timmy doesn't think causing pain is fun. Timmy's tired of all
this evil. Timmy has a new calling. He's going to bring some good to the
world.

Grace: How you doing, sweetheart?
Eve: I can't lose another baby, Grace. I know you understand.
Grace: Yes, I do. Losing my baby was devastating. But you are not going
to lose Simone.
Eve: The baby I had with Julian didn't make it. How am I going to think
that Simone will?
Grace: We are all praying for Simone. She is going to pull through.
Eve: I hope you're right, Grace. I don't know what I would do if I lose
her.

Sam: Father. You know, I was wrong to hide the truth from Grace about
my past with ivy. I'll never forgive myself that we lost our son. But from
now on, I’m going to prove to Grace that she is the only woman I love.
Hank: Are you sure that's how you feel?
Sam: Of course it's how I feel. Why would you ask such a question?
Hank: I remember when you were dating ivy. I didn't know who the girl
was back then, but I remember how happy you were.
Sam: Look, my relationship with ivy ended a long time ago.
Hank: I know that's what you say, and just now you seem so sure when
you talk about your love for Grace. But who are you trying to convince --
me or you?

Chad: I know that we got a future together. Don't do this.
Whitney: Chad, I have to. God, please, just let me go.
Chad: Listen to me, girl! I love you. And I know that you love me, too.


Man: Do you have a plan for finding out who sent the e-mail?
Mort: Well, that's what I've been working on. [Telephone rings]
Mort: That's my line. I got it. "Daily private lives." Distorted voice:
I know who sent you the e-mail about Ethan crane.
Mort: Who is this? Distorted voice: That doesn't matter. The person
		you're looking for is Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald.
Mort: You're telling me that Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald sent the e-mail
that destroyed her fiancé’s life? Distorted voice: That's exactly what I’m
telling you.
Mort: Look, I need to know who this is.
Gwen: [Distorted voice] the only thing you need to know is that Theresa
is responsible for the e-mail.
Gwen: So I take it you heard.
Rebecca: Indeed. I hope you're happy now.
Gwen: I never felt better. The end is near for Theresa. Soon Cinderella
will lose everything.

Theresa: What would you do if I had a secret?
Ethan: What, do you have some amazing credit card debt that I don't
know about?
Theresa: No. No, I was -- I was just thinking about our relationship. I
mean, do you think it's strong enough to survive a challenge?
Ethan: I love you more than anything in the world. No, nothing could
ever come between us.
Theresa: Do you really mean that?
Ethan: Of course. I can't imagine anything that we couldn't work
through. It's not like we have any secrets between us.

Chad: Thanks for giving us a chance, Whitney. That kiss told me
everything I needed to know.
Whitney: I'm not sure that it did.
Chad: Shh. Trust me. A kiss like that -- it speaks more than words.
Listen, I'm going to go and get us some coffee, ok? Because I got a
feeling that we got a long night ahead of us.
Whitney: Chad, that kiss was special because I knew it was the last
time I'd ever kiss you.

Hank: Are you sure that Grace is the only woman in your heart?
Sam: I'm positive. And I don't need to convince myself or anyone else.
Hank: Ok, ok.
Sam: Ok.
Hank: I'm sorry I even brought it up. You seem sure that Grace is the
only woman for you.
Sam: Ivy means nothing to me, all right? I love Grace and only Grace.
Look, I'll talk to you later, all right? I'm going to go check in with eve
and T.C.

Kay: Ok. I don't know who listens to soulless people, but, please, if
somebody's out there, I need help. I'm sorry for everything I’ve done. I
just want my soul back.
Miguel: There you are. Where have you been?
Kay: I needed some time alone. You guys really upset me with those
questions.
Miguel: Kay, I’m sorry. You know, it's just Charity had all this
evidence, and I guess I just got carried away.
Kay: Where is Charity?
Miguel: I don't know.
Kay: Wonder where she could be.

Charity: Dear lord, please help Kay get her soul back. I don't know how
she lost it, but she needs your help now. Please don't continue to let her
live without a soul. She deserves to live a life full of love.
Timmy: This is Timmy's chance to do something good. But the vial was so
hot before, it burned Timmy.
Charity: Please, lord, answer my prayers.
Timmy: Timmy is so confused on what to do. Where's dear Abby when Timmy
needs her?

T.C.: Doctor, how's Simone? Dr. Meade: I'm sorry, but there's no
change. We're losing her.
Eve: Oh, God, no, please.
Whitney: We can't lose Simone, daddy.
Father Lonigan: I would like everyone to gather around and pray with
me. Our prayers may be Simone's only hope.

Grace: Tabitha, I’m glad you're here. We're just about to kneel in
prayer for Simone.
Tabitha: Oh, what a lovely idea. But my knee's been acting up again.
Grace: Oh. Well, any help you could give would be greatly appreciated.
Tabitha: Oh. I'll help, all right. I'll help bring misery to all you
do-gooders.
Kay's voice: Oh, great. This is all I need -- for everyone to
see me not praying.

Miguel: Hey -- have you seen Charity?
Reese: Not for a while. We're all about to pray for Simone.
Miguel: Look. Kay's not even praying for her best friend. Maybe
Charity's right. Maybe Kay doesn't have a soul.
Charity: Please, lord, may you use your power to return Kay's soul.
Please let her be whole again.
Timmy: Timmy's made up his mind. He has to help his sweet Charity.
Timmy: Yikes! Ow! This thing's hot! Timmy can't stop now! He's going to
do something good. Ow! Ah! Wow. This is better than the fourth of July.

Father Lonigan: If it be thy will, o lord, please bring Simone back to
her family and friends who love her so dearly. [Alarms sound]
Whitney: Mom, what's happening?
Eve: I don't know, but I'm going to find out.
T.C.: No, sweetheart. Let dr. Meade help her.
Eve: I know, but my baby --
T.C.: Honey, come on. Calm down. We have to have faith now.
Charity: I heard the alarms. Is Simone ok?
Miguel: Nobody knows. We're waiting to hear something. [Alarms stop]
Whitney: Mama, why did it stop?
Eve: I don't know, honey. We have to wait for Dr. Meade to come out.
Dr. Meade: I don't know what happened.
Eve: What's going on now?Dr. Meade: Your prayers must have worked.
Eve: What?
Dr. Meade: Simone's vital signs are suddenly normal. She's
out of the woods.
Eve: Oh! Thank you, God!
T.C.: Our baby's going to be all right.
Charity: It's a miracle.
Miguel: Yeah, it is. Charity, I think you're right. I mean, look at
Kay. She's not showing any emotion.
Kay: My best friend is going to live, and I can't feel a thing. Oh, my
God. I've never been so happy in my entire life. Uncle Hank -- she's going
to live!
Reese: Kay is crying! The most beautiful sight I’ve ever seen.
Miguel: I guess we were wrong. Kay has a soul after all.
Charity: Or maybe my prayers were just answered.

Tabitha: Either Kay has got her soul back or she deserves an academy
award for this performance.
Tabitha: Ah, if it isn't my little preachy puppet. Are you behind Kay
getting her soul back?
Timmy: Timmy did some good, and it feels so right.
Tabitha: Oh, blah.
Hank: You must be relieved, huh?
Kay: Uncle Hank, you have no idea.

Sam: Grace -- isn't it great news? Simone's going to be ok.
Grace: Yeah. You know, I have some wonderful news myself, Sam. I want
us to work things out.
Sam: You mean it?
Grace: From the bottom of my heart. I love you, and I know that you
love me.
Sam: Hey -- are you sure about this? I don't want you to feel that I’ve
pressured you.
Grace: I am sure. Life is too short, and I don't want to waste another
minute.
Sam: Nothing's going to keep us apart because I love you so much.

Timmy: Sam and Grace are back together. True love is winning.
Tabitha: You better hope that true love does not conquer all with
Miguel and Charity. If those two make love, it's the end of the road for
us.
Timmy: Why does tabby always have to rain on Timmy's parade?
Tabitha: Because we've got a lot to worry about, Timmy. Now that Kay
has her soul back, she might stop trying to steal Miguel. Now Kay is
chatting up that loser Lonigan. Come on. We've got some eavesdropping to
do.

Kay: Father Lonigan, I can't believe it, but I have my soul back. I
feel so wonderful.
Father Lonigan: You have confessed your sins. And once you have done
your penance, your soul will be pristine. You can keep it that way, but
only if you change your ways.
Kay: Ok. I want to be good, father. I -- I won't go after Miguel
anymore.
Father Lonigan: May God be with you, my child. And may the lord give
you strength to forsake the forces of darkness.
Tabitha: I need to put a muzzle on that man of the cloth.
Kay: I can do this. I'm going to be good. I'm going to be good. I'm
going to be good.
Tabitha: Hopefully Kay will soon learn that being good isn't all it's
cracked up to be.
Dr. Meade: I need to talk to you both.
T.C.: What is it? You said Simone's going to live.
Dr. Meade: That's
true, but, as you know, dr. Russell, Simone suffered serious head trauma.
As a result, we won't know her final condition until she regains
consciousness.
T.C.: What are you saying -- that something could be wrong with
Simone's brain?
Dr. Meade: I'm afraid that's a possibility.
Whitney: Guess what, sweetheart. Honey, you're going to be ok. Isn't
that great? Now, I know that I promised you that if you got better that
I’d never see Chad again. And I just want you to know that I am going to
stick by that promise. Ok? I'm never going to be with Chad again.

Gwen: That lying tramp's days are officially numbered.
Rebecca: The tabloid will print the story, and when Ethan reads it,
Theresa's pathetic little life will be destroyed.
Gwen: And we will have everything we want.

Mort: I can't believe it. Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald is the one who sent
the e-mail that revealed Ethan's true paternity.
Man: I don't know. It all seems fishy. What kind of a source would use
a voice distorter?
Mort: Boss, my gut's telling me the source is on the money. Look, now
that I have a name, I can confirm this in a matter of hours.
Man: Ok. If you can get the proof, we'll run with the story.
Mort: Great. Oh, I just hope I get a chance to see Ethan's face when he
finds out it's his fiancée who destroyed his life. Oh! Aah, there's my
little sugarplum, ooh...!
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 6/21/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 6/21/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Ivy: Oh, Sam. Oh, I'm sorry I'm late. I was afraid you wouldn't wait.
Sam: I found your note to meet here in our secret spot. I love you so
much. I would have waited all night.
Ivy: Oh, dream on, Ivy. Sam's not going to leave you a note. He's
confused now. He's torn about his feelings. He's trying to suppress his
love for me and still play the repentant husband for Grace. I have to
figure out a way to get rid of that confusion.
Ivy's voice: "My dearest Sam, I know our love is just as strong today
as it was over 20 years ago. You are still in my heart, and I know I’m
still in yours. If we made love again, I know the passion we shared would
be rekindled and become the fire that used to consume us. I know you
remember all those days and nights we spent doing nothing but making love.
We can have that again, Sam." [Footsteps]
Ivy: We will have it again.
Pilar: Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Pilar.
Pilar: Isn't it a bit early for you to be out and about?
Ivy: I -- I couldn't sleep.
Pilar: Bad dreams?
Ivy: No. Sweet dreams.
Pilar: Oh?
Ivy: Wonderful dreams.
Pilar: And they brought you here?
Ivy: I was just writing Sam a note. You know, trying to arrange a time
and a place to meet, make love.
Pilar: To have your heart broken again.
Ivy: Not this time, Pilar. This time Sam will come here and look in our
special hiding place.
Pilar: You know, you have to stop this foolishness about Sam.
Ivy: I might as well try to stop my heart from beating.
Pilar: He loves his wife. How much clearer does he have to make it? Sam
loves Grace.
Ivy: They're separated.
Pilar: Physically, maybe, but they're still very much husband and wife
and mother and father to their children.
Ivy: But they're not lovers, Pilar. And the longer Grace keeps Sam out
of her bed, the better chance I have of getting him into mine.

Sam: It wasn't a dream.
Grace: Uh-uh.
Sam: You're really here.
Grace: In my husband's arms.
Sam: Right where you should be.
Grace: Yep.
Sam: You know, so many times I dreamed that we were together, that I
was holding you, making love to you, and then I would wake up and you
weren't there. And then it hit me. It was only a dream.
Grace: I had the Same dream every night.
Sam: I missed you so much.
Grace: I missed you. I felt so empty, so lonely. In a house full of
kids, I felt lonely.
Sam: Never again. You're never going to be lonely again.
Grace: No, uh-uh, because I am where I should be, right where I belong.

Sam: God, I love you. You're the only woman in my heart. You are my
heart.
Grace: Oh, Sam.
Sam: We have a lot of time to make up for.
Grace: Hmm. Yeah, I counted the hours.
Sam: Yeah, well, I don't believe in putting things off.
Grace: You've always been a what-are-we-waiting-for kind of guy.
Sam: Well, what are we waiting for?
Grace: Not a thing. Not a blessed thing.

Luis: Sheridan, there you are. I reached over and I grabbed nothing but
a handful of sheet. But that's ok since I know what you're up to. You
wanted to cook breakfast so I didn't try making that eggs benedict again,
right? That's right. You can't cook. Sheridan? What's wrong? What
happened?

Julian: Father, I thought you'd left.
Alistair: As usual, you thought wrong, Julian.
Julian: So, getting an early start on the day?
Alistair: I've been down here working. I've already closed two overseas
deals and gotten a head start on the market. What have you accomplished?
Julian: Well, it was a long night. I was exhausted from yesterday.
Alistair: You got to toughen yourself up, boy. If you're going to take
over Crane industries someday -- and mind you, I haven't made that
decision yet -- but if you plan to run the family business, you have to
become a lot more focused --
Julian: Yes, father.
Alistair: Put your priorities in order.
Julian: Yes, father.
Alistair: You should have been up hours ago, working with me on our
plan for Sheridan.
Julian: Um -- I need to get a cup of coffee first.
Alistair: And don't put any brandy in it. I need you alert for a
change.
Julian: I'm very alert, father.
Alistair: You'd better be because you have an extremely important task
ahead and a chance to prove you can handle things.
Julian: Oh, I've handled things for years, father.
Alistair: You can say that after last night's debacle? Your attempt to
break up Sheridan and Luis was a total disaster.
Julian: It was unfortunate, I agree, but --
Alistair: I don't want this to drag out any more than it already has. I
want your sister dead, Julian. You're to kill her as soon as possible.
Julian: But it's such a drastic solution to our problem.
Alistair: It's the only solution.
Julian: I know we discussed this last night, but after I went to bed, I
had horrible nightmares about it.
Alistair: Do I want to hear about your nightmares? I do not. I want you
to carry out my orders.
Julian: It's not as if you're asking me to ruin a competitor's
reputation, to cause his business to go under. You're asking me to -- to
kill my sister, my --
Alistair: Your own flesh and blood -- yes, yes, yes, yes. We've been
over all of this. And it's a sacrifice necessary for the good of the
family.
Julian: I agree something must be done, but --
Alistair: This, Julian, this has to be done. If Sheridan lives and
marries Luis, he'll gain access to the family. He already suspects we were
behind his father's disappearance. He'll probe further, no doubt of that.
The man is relentless. He won't stop until he discovers exactly what
happened to his father.
Julian: It would be calamitous.
Alistair: "Calamitous"? He'll have the power to bring down the house of
Crane, and I have no intention of going to prison.
Julian: No.
Alistair: You'll be the one who takes the fall. And trust me, with your
delicate ways, you'll be some muscle man's boy toy before your cell door
is clanked shut.
Julian: I had a vision last night -- mother coming to me, ashamed by
what I was going to do, shocked that I would even contemplate killing my
sister, her precious daughter.
Alistair: Don't bring up your mother to me.
Julian: Look, father, there has to be some other way.
Alistair: There isn’t.
Julian: I don't want the family destroyed, believe me, and I certainly
don't want to go to jail, but there must be something we haven't done,
some -- some way to pry Sheridan away from Luis without her having to die.


Luis: Sheridan? Sheridan, what's wrong?
Sheridan: I couldn't sleep. I've been up all night. I just -- I'm
miserable.
Luis: It's ok. I'm here now.
Sheridan: How could they? My own father and brother -- how could they
be so cruel?
Luis: It's who they are.
Sheridan: Yeah, but to hire someone to pretend that they're you so they
can break us up?
Luis: You got to admit he did a really good job imitating my voice, and
that mask was phenomenal.
Sheridan: I've just been trying to put it all together. Why? How? Why
do they hate me so much, and how could they deliberately set out to hurt
me? I finally found love in my life, I'm finally happy, and they want to
destroy it. I mean, it's unconscionable.
Luis: Because you thought your father had a conscience? He's a monster,
Sheridan.
Sheridan: You're right. That's all he is, is a monster.
Luis: Alistair and Julian were behind whatever happened to my father.
I've always believed that.
Sheridan: And I didn't. But now --
Luis: Those two -- they love tearing people's lives apart. They get off
on it. They'll -- they'll do anything. They're not going to let anyone
stand in their way. What they've done to you, their own blood, it's --
it's unforgivable.
Sheridan: It's just so hard, you know, realizing that your family cares
nothing for you. But sitting here going through the diaries and the photo
albums, it hit me that Julian and Alistair have never cared about me. And
now I know that they never will.

Ivy: Sealed with a kiss for my sweet Sam.
Pilar: He is not your Sam.
Ivy: It's waiting for you, darling. I'm waiting for you.
Pilar: You are going to embarrass yourself, Mrs. Crane, chasing after a
married man who has told you time and again he wants nothing to do with
you.
Ivy: Pilar, you don't know.
Pilar: All about, what, the great love you and Sam once had? Yes, I’ve
heard about it every day for years. Just will you let this go?
Luis: Oh, let Sam go? No, Pilar. I have no intention of doing that. I
shouldn't try to get Sam back into my bed with just a note. I'm much more
persuasive -- not to mention seductive -- in person.
Pilar: But you have tried all of this before. How many ways have you
tried to seduce Sam only to have him turn you away?
Ivy: I don't care, Pilar. I don't care if I fail a hundred times. If I
get him into my bed once, it will be worth it.
Pilar: He loves his wife.
Ivy: They have split up. And if Grace is going to give me this
opportunity by pushing Sam away, well, then I’m going to take full
advantage of it.
Pilar: And when they get back together? What will you do then?
Ivy: You're not listening, Pilar. That isn't going to happen.
Grace: I would say we are definitely off to a good start in the
making-up-for-lost-time department.
Sam: Well, this is just the beginning because I'm going to spend the
rest of my life showing you how much I love you --
Grace: Hmm.
Sam: How much I’ve missed you.
Grace: I think I'm going to hold you to that.
Sam: You know what?
Grace: Hmm?
Sam: I think we should stay here in bed all day.
Grace: Here?
Sam: Yeah. [Telephone rings]
Grace: Yeah.
Sam: We're in the police station.
Grace: I don't think your officers would really understand.
Sam: Oh, yeah?
Grace: Mm-hmm.
Sam: What's not to understand? I'm with the most beautiful woman here
in Harmony. They should understand.
Grace: Still, I think I would like to take this to another venue. The
question is, where? And what are we going to do about our living
arrangements?
Sam: Simple. I'll come stay with you and your girls over at Tabitha's.
Grace: Sam, it really is crowded over there. I mean, Jessica and
charity are staying in one room. Kay had to go stay at Miguel’s. I really
think we'd be imposing on Tabitha's hospitality.
Sam: Look, I want us to be together, Grace -- you, me, the girls. Hey,
I got it. Let's just rent a house until we can rebuild our own.
Grace: It would be so great to be together again.
Sam: Well, look, I'll start checking on rentals today.
Grace: Good, because I couldn't stand another night without my husband.

Sam: We're going to find a place, and soon, all right? But no matter
what, I want us to make a vow that we'll never let anything or anyone come
between us ever again.
Grace: Never.

Man: Well, the wind's kicking up. I hope we don't get another storm.
I'm sick of wearing wet clothes.
Woman: I am sick of this damn island, period.
Man: Heads up.
Woman: Get any good shots today?
Man: Three or four.
Woman: I'll bet it was way more than that. You've done some of your
best work on this assignment. You'll be up for all kinds of awards.
Man: Right now I'm just interested in wrapping up this baby and
prepping up for my next assignment.
Woman: Isn't it hard on you traveling all the time, never staying in
one place very long?
Man: Some people just can't put down roots.
Woman: But it doesn't bother you living out of a suitcase?
Man: Bother me? I prefer it.
Woman: When was the last time you were home?
Man: I don't remember. Woman: Well, these were just flown over from the
states.
Man: Well, I should have at least a picture or two in one of these
magazines.
Man: Whoa.
Woman: What?
Man: This story is just so out there. A house gets sucked into the
ground.
Woman: And U.F.O.S have landed on the white house lawn.
Man: No, seriously. No joke. A house in Harmony disappeared into the
ground, got swallowed up.
Woman: But how?
Man: They don't know. They're calling it a natural phenomenon. And
there are photographs.
Man: Grace.

Julian: I just need a little more time to come up with something. There
has to be a way to do this without killing her.
Alistair: You've tried everything and failed at everything.
Julian: But there must be something we haven't thought of.
Alistair: I'm a busy man, Julian. I don't deal in alternatives. I've
given you a solution, and you will carry it out. I wonder what's going on
over at the cottage, how are Sheridan and Luis faring.
Julian: So that's how you always know what's going on. Do you also
listen in on -- on what Rebecca and I say?
Alistair: When I dial you two, mostly what I hear are animal noises.
Julian: Father, have you no shame?
Alistair: None. Now, let me listen in on my daughter and Luis. They
must be feeling pretty confident this morning -- triumphant after exposing
our plan to break them up. Little do they know that their actions will now
cost Sheridan her life.

Sheridan: Sitting here looking through all these albums just brought it
all back -- how lonely I was as a child, how I longed to be accepted, to
be loved by my family. What I wouldn't have given to have my father hug
me, just once.

Julian: And you want to kill her?

Sheridan: I would have given anything to have had Alistair tell me he
was proud of me.
Luis: Hey. And what?
Sheridan: You know, when I went to boarding school in Europe, my father
never visited me, not once. He didn't respond to any of my letters. He
didn't take an interest in anything that I did, not until you and I got
engaged. And how could I be such a fool? And everyone warned me that
Julian and Alistair were up to something, that they had their own motives
for throwing this engagement party, but I was so desperate to believe that
they really cared for me, that they were really happy for me.
Luis: I wanted that for you, too.
Sheridan: I know you did. And even knowing who they are, what they are,
that's why you're who you are -- the most giving and generous man I’ve
ever known. [Sheridan cries]
Luis: Hey. Hey, come on, don't cry. It's going to be all right.
Sheridan: The last thing I want is to sit her like a sorry little rich
girl. You know, I -- I would give up all the money, all the possessions in
a heartbeat. I would trade it all in just to have a father who loved me.

Julian: She still wants your love. She still wants your acceptance.
Alistair: Yes. She does.

Woman: What those people went through. Incredible.
Man: Yes. Yes, isn't it?
Woman: Their entire house being swallowed up into the ground?
Man: This town -- Harmony -- any idea where it is?
Woman: New England, on the coast somewhere. I think the closest big
city is Boston.
Man: Interesting.


Grace: If you are not careful, you're going to be late to work.
Sam: I don't feel like being careful today.
Grace: So I guess it's up to me, huh? Come on. Up and at 'em. You have
got some bad guys to catch.
Sam: Ok, only if you'll give me one more kiss. I hate to let you go,
but you're right. Duty calls. Sometimes I hate work.
Grace: Well, just think about tonight. We will be together all night.
Sam: And the next night and the next night?
Grace: Oh, forever.
Sam: Oh.
Sam: Ivy. What in the hell --
Ivy: No! Don't get out of bed. I'll join you.
Sam: No, you won't!
Ivy: Shh! Don't say anything. I know you don't want me to leave. I know
you don't want to be alone.
Sam: What are you do-- put that back on. What do you think you're
doing?
Grace: I forgot I left my clothes --
Ivy: Grace.

Luis: You know what? I want to do something for you. I want to do
something for you right now, something special. I want to give you the
best wedding present you've ever hoped or dreamed of. Now, what would it
be? What would totally blow you away and make you happier than you could
ever have dreamed of?
Sheridan: I don't know.
Luis: Of course you do. Come on, think of something.
Luis: What?
Sheridan: No. It's foolish.
Luis: The more foolish, the better.
Sheridan: No, you'll think I’m crazy.
Luis: Never. Come on, you can tell me. Come on, you can tell me
anything.
Sheridan: The first thing that came to my mind --
Luis: Yeah?
Sheridan: Was to have my father walk through that door and tell me that
he loves me.
Luis: Well, that's the one thing I can't give you. I'm sorry.

Alistair: No, Luis, you cannot give Sheridan that. I'm the only one who
can. You're right, Julian. There is one thing we haven't tried. We haven't
played on Sheridan's feelings, her need for love and acceptance. And we
can use that need for my love as a lever to pry her and Lopez Fitzgerald
apart, to destroy their relationship.

Ivy: I -- I didn't -- if I’d --
Grace: If you'd what?
Ivy: Nothing.
Sam: What you said when you came in about me not wanting to be alone --
well, you're right. I want to be with my wife in bed. I want to make love
to her all night and wake up with her in my arms.
Grace: Sam and I are back together.
Ivy: No. I don't believe it.
Grace: What do you think this is, a mirage?
Ivy: I don't know what this is, but I do know that Sam still loves me.
Grace: Oh, give it up, Ivy.
Ivy: Your husband still loves me, Grace. You've seen the connection we
have.
Grace: Well, all I have seen is you shamelessly throwing yourself at
Sam, trying to constantly manipulate him back into your bed.
Ivy: Where he belongs!
Grace: If Sam's love for me wasn't so strong, you might have succeeded.
But all you did was prove his total commitment to me.
Sam: Grace is right. Everything you've done has just made what we have
stronger.
Ivy: Well, we'll see.
Grace: No! It's over, because no matter how strongly you threw yourself
at Sam, no matter what tricks you pulled, his love for me never faltered.
I should thank you, really, because now I won't ever have to worry about
you and Sam. In fact, looking at you standing there, I feel sorry for you.

Sam: Ivy, I have told you the truth all along. Grace is the woman I
love, the only woman I love.

Luis: Look, I know how badly you're hurting. I wish there was some way
I could make up for your father not loving you.
Sheridan: He never did love me.
Luis: The best I can offer you is my love.
Sheridan: That's the most precious thing in the world to me.
Luis: And a future. You know, like I said before, when we have
children, you're going to be swimming in love.
Sheridan: Children. How many children are we going to have?
Luis: Well, I don't know. We'll just keep going until you tell me
enough.
Sheridan: Our own family.
Luis: It sounds good, doesn't it?
Sheridan: Oh.
Luis: What?
Sheridan: I was just thinking that if we have a baby and I give
Alistair a grandchild, a grandson, perhaps maybe he'll come around.
Luis: Alistair.
Sheridan: He'll see what he's missing out on.
Luis: Sheridan, come on.
Sheridan: What am I saying? Father's never going to feel any
differently towards me if I do give him a grandson.
Luis: Look, I don't want to keep you away from your family.
Sheridan: I know.
Luis: But I hate to see you like this and to see you in so much pain.
Sheridan: My father and brother cause me nothing but pain. You'd think
I'd learned by now. Thank GodI have you in my life.
Luis: You will always have me, no matter what.
Sheridan: I love you so much.
Luis: You're going to be ok alone for a while, aren't you?
Sheridan: Where are you going?
Luis: To work. I got to go put some bread on the table for our future
family.
Sheridan: Tote that barge.
Luis: You know, toting that barge is going to have to wait. Actually,
I'm heading up the investigation into Simony Russell’s hit-and-run
accident.
Sheridan: That poor girl.
Luis: Yeah. I'm going by the hospital this morning.
Sheridan: Well, give her family my best.
Luis: I will. I'll be back as soon as I can.

Alistair: We have Sheridan herself to thank for this.
Julian: For what, father? I don't follow.
Alistair: When have you ever? It's all there for anyone to see, Julian.
Your sister has just given us the perfect way to split up her and Luis.

Sheridan: Stop it, Sheridan. Stop being a baby. Your father never loved
you. It happens. Just get over it. As far as you're concerned, Alistair
might as well be dead. He's never going to be a part of your life. What is
it going to take for you to realize that? How many times does he have to
hurt you and let you down? Your wish is never going to come true. Alistair
is never going to love you.

Julian: This is cruel, father. There's no other word for it. [Alistair
chuckles]
Alistair: There are all kinds of words for you, Julian, none of them
complimentary.
Julian: Well, laugh at me, if you will, but what you're contemplating
now --
Alistair: I'm not contemplating anything. It's on. Now toughen up.

Ivy: Congratulations, Grace. It's clear I have lost.
Grace: And it certainly should be.
Ivy: Sam loves you.
Sam: With all my heart.
Ivy: And is committed to you and your marriage.
Sam: It means everything to me.
Ivy: Well, there's nothing I can do to change that, so I guess I had
better just accept it and move on.
Sam: I do hope you accept it, Ivy, for your sake. You know, in spite of
everything that's happened, I don't want to see you hurt.
Ivy: Oh, well, it's a tad late for that, Sam. But don't worry, I will
leave you alone. I know when it's time to let go. I know when something's
over.
Grace: Good.
Ivy: Well, at least I’ll still have my memories. I guess they'll just
have to be enough. [Door closes]
Grace: I hope I wasn't too rough on her.
Sam: God, you have every right to be angry with her. We both do.
Grace: I don't want to be angry. I'm too happy. I don't want to have
bad feelings.
Sam: I want to remember this moment. We are finally free of our past.
There's nothing standing in the way of our happiness.
Grace: I'm just feeling a little bit guilty about Ivy.
Sam: Why? She's not the victim here.
Grace: No, I know that. But it's just -- I got to tell you, when she
was standing there, I wanted to see her hurt.
Sam: Let's make a pact, all right? For the rest of this wonderful
afternoon, we're not going to talk about her. We're not going to even
think about her.
Grace: I just can't help but feel a little bit bad for her.
Sam: Well, I hope one day she finds happiness. But it sure ain't going
to be with me.
Grace: She really is out of our lives.
Sam: You know, you were right before about our commitment to each
other, how our marriage has survived everything Ivy tried to do. And our
love is so strong it could weather anything.

Man: It's me. I need you to book me a seat on the first flight to
Boston, Logan airport. And I'll need a rented car and a map of new
England. And directions to a town called Harmony.

Ivy: I've lost him. I've really lost him.
Sam: Yeah, ok, thanks. You believe that?
Grace: They didn't have a thing.
Sam: One bedroom 20 yards from the interstate. I mean, what happened to
this town? There used to be so many houses for rent.
Grace: Well, it's like the summer starts earlier every year. You know,
even at these prices, if there's anything available, I don't think we
could afford it.
Sam: Hey, don't worry. Now, I’m going to find something. And I guess
you and the girls can stay over at Tabitha's and I'll keep bunking here.
Grace: I just hate to think that I am not going to be with you.
Sam: Well, who says you're not going to be? I am the chief of police,
and I don't think there's a law that says the chief's wife can't sneak in
at night and tuck him in.
Grace: Mmm. And is there any law that says you can't sneak into
Tabitha's guest room, climb into my window at night after everybody else
has gone to bed?
Sam: Hmm. I'll have to check the books, but off the top of my head, I
think that law would be downright silly.
Grace: So I expect a tap on the glass?
Sam: Leave the window open. I'll be there. We're going to make this
work, all right?
Grace: The important thing is that we are back together.
Sam: And our future has never looked brighter. Now that my past has
come out, there's no more secrets to worry about.
Grace: Oh, Sam. My life began when I met you. There's nothing to worry
about from me. Not a thing at all.

Woman: What are you doing?
Man: I'm leaving.
Woman: Now?
Man: Going back to the states.
Woman: You haven't finished your assignment here.
Man: They'll find another photographer.
Woman: What's so important back in the states that you have to leave so
fast?
Man: It's not what, but who.

Pilar: A man in a mask?
Luis: An incredibly lifelike mask. And the guy who was wearing it, his
voice sounded so much like me, it was uncanny.
Pilar: Julian and Alistair have done some terrible things in the past,
but --
Luis: No, no, this is a new low.
Pilar: Oh, my God. Poor Sheridan. No wonder she's so hurt.
Luis: I'm worried about her. In spite of the way her family has treated
her, part of her still wants their love.
Pilar: Yeah, I've known Sheridan her entire life, and she's always
wanted her father's love and acceptance, but she never got it.
Luis: She's the strongest woman I've ever known. I think her only
weakness is Alistair.
Pilar: And you know all too well that you cannot trust Alistair.
There's no telling what he might do next.

[Door closes]
Sheridan: Luis, you're back so soon. Father.
Alistair: Sheridan, dear. I've come back to see you.
Julian: My poor sister. Either way her life is going to be destroyed.
Alistair: Come to me, Sheridan. Let your father give you a hug. It's
been so long. Too long.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 6/22/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 6/22/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Kay: Oh, Simone Why'd you get hit by a car? Was it because
I told you
about Chad and Whitney being in love? Did you rush home to confront them
and then see them kissing and get so upset that you didn't even see the
car that hit you? Is that what happened?

Chad: I thought I convinced Whitney to not stop what we had going And
then -- then i heard her tell Simone that she's going to keep her promise
not to see me again And I know Simone didn't hear her that time, either
Don't get me wrong, all right -- i hate that Simone got hurt -- but I
can't let that get in the way of what me and Whitney got together
Ethan: Look, Chad, you've overcome big problems before You can overcome
this
Theresa: Ethan is right, and we will help you however we can
Chad: Thanks But winning Whitney back could be the biggest challenge of
my life

Whitney: Why hasn't Simone come to yet? I mean, the doctor said she was
going to be ok
Eve: Oh, she will be, sweetheart She has to be I couldn't bear to lose
your sister
Whitney: Mom, if Simone doesn't pull through, this is all my fault This
is all my fault

Luis: Just glad that Alistair's nowhere near Sheridan Despite
everything that he has done to her, a part of her still wishes that she'd
been wrong about him all this time, that he really cares about her love
and happiness
Pilar: I wish that you were getting married today Alistair Crane -- he
scares me, Luis He has this great power over Sheridan, power that he could
use to hurt her -- even more than he has in the past

Alistair: I've come back to see you, Sheridan Now, come to me, my dear
Let your father give you a hug It's been far too long since I've held you
in my arms
Julian: What a shameless manipulator you are, father You'll say or do
anything to get what you want Given your power over my sister, I dare say
you'll get what you want from Sheridan -- a future free of Luis
Sheridan: You didn't come back to see me, father You must have some
business deal That's the only reason you ever set foot in Harmony
Alistair: You're right Business is usually the only reason i go
anywhere Not this time No, Sheridan, when i learned of the heinous plot
Julian and Rebecca carried out against you and Luis, I was shocked --
shocked and angry
Julian: Oh, that's right, father Make me out to be the villain in the
piece Never mind that you wanted your own daughter murdered
Alistair: I flew halfway around the world to be with you, dear I know
you're hurting, feeling betrayed by your own family I came to comfort you,
make things right
Sheridan: Really?
Alistair: Well, of course You're my daughter, Sheridan, and I love you
so very much
Sheridan: Father, I can't believe you came all this way just for me
Alistair: But it's true, my dear Words can't convey my deep and abiding
love for you
Rebecca: Julian, what -- what's going on?
Julian: Shh Listen to his master's voice Father is without a doubt the
most wicked, manipulative man I've ever had the displeasure to know He's
about to do to Sheridan and Luis what we failed to do -- use her love to
split them up
Rebecca: But how? I mean, Luis and Sheridan are like the poster couple
for true love
Julian: Well, posters, like people, can be ripped apart, and my
father's just the man to do it Listen to how devious he can be
Sheridan: I'm surprised you're here, father Surprised that you say you
care Bad things have happened to me before and you never came You never
even called
Alistair: You're right I failed you time and time again
Sheridan: It's always been the same excuse -- some pressing business
matter that was more important than your own family
Alistair: I admit it -- I was wrong to always put business ahead of my
loved ones, wrong to worry about the future instead of focusing on the
present Lately, however, I've come to realize the error of my ways
Julian's unspeakable treachery against you and Luis was the clincher I
came back hoping to make it up to you Not that I can, really, but I wanted
to try
Sheridan: No It's too late. I mean, how can you just walk in here and
say that you love me and try to erase a lifetime of hurt? I mean, after
you and Julian and Rebecca tried to destroy the most important thing in
the world to me -- my love for Luis -- with this! And the elaborate scheme
that went with it
Alistair: Sheridan, dear -- Sheridan: No, you know what? It's over! I
will never forgive you! You know, and please don't try to insult my
intelligence by saying you knew nothing about it, because you have never
approved of Luis.

Luis: I agree with you, mama The only person who can get to Sheridan is
Alistair Thank God he's not around You know, even in her head, she knows
she'll never get the love that she wants from her father, but in her heart
she still craves it.
Pilar: Yeah, but Alistair -- oh, that man, he's like a merciless
general in wartime He will sacrifice anything and anyone, Luis, in order
to win. In all my years with the crane family, I've never known that man
to lose.
Luis: Yeah, well, there's a first time for everything. And my marrying
Sheridan's going to put an end to Alistair's winning streak
Pilar: You and Sheridan Oh, you're going to make such a great couple.
You're both so loving and so caring, willing to do anything to make each
other happy.
Luis: Yeah What gets me is after everything Alistair and Julian have
done to Sheridan, she still craves their love and approval, especially
Alistair's.
Pilar: I know She's always wanted his love and she never got it. And
you know what? I doubt she ever will.

Eve: Why is Simone's accident your fault? And how could you have
anything to do with your sister getting hit by a car?
Whitney: Mama, I should've just paid more attention to Simone. I mean,
I could've insisted that she walk home with me and Chad that night If I'd
had done that, there's no way she would've been hit by that car.
Eve: Oh, sweetie, you can't blame yourself.
Whitney: But it's my fault because I'm the one who could've prevented
this.
Eve: You're upset because you and Simone are so close and you want to
turn back time.
Whitney: Yeah
Eve: Well, you can't change the past, sweetie, but you can help Simone
to get better. With the loving relationship that you two have, i know that
there is nothing that you wouldn't do for your sister.
Whitney: You know, you're absolutely right, mama. I would do anything
for Simone I'll do anything.

Chad: You see that? Whitney can't even look at me There is no way that
she is going to go back on her promise to Simone. Oh, God. You know, if
only we'd just told Simone about us days ago, none of this would've
happened. And Whitney didn't want to upset her, you know? She kept saying
that it wasn't the right time. I don't know, maybe it wasn't, but I
should've just insisted that we do it anyway, you know, just get it over
with Now Simone is hurt, Whitney's a wreck.
Theresa: Look, after Simone comes to and is feeling better, you can
tell her the truth.
Chad: It may be too late by then.
Ethan: Why? Why do you say that?
Chad: I know Whitney When she makes up her mind to do something, ain't
nothing going to change it.
Theresa: Hey
Whitney: Hey, baby
Theresa: How's Simone today?
Whitney: The same She's still out of it.
Theresa: Well, does Dr Meade have any idea when she might come to?
Whitney: No, he doesn't know anything. And all this waiting is just
killing me, you know? I mean, Simone would not be in there if I hadn't let
myself fall for Chad the way I did.
Theresa: Just stop. You know what? It's not your fault that Simone
deluded herself into thinking that Chad was in love with her She just had
this out-of-control schoolgirl crush. Chad never once encouraged her.
Whitney: No, no Chad kissed Simone in the maze at the crane estate,
remember?
Theresa: But he didn't mean to. That weird fog -- it confused everyone.
Now, he thought Simone was you, so he kissed her.
Whitney: Ok. What about that vision i had in the maze when i was in
Chad's bedroom and he told me that we were wrong for one another? You
remember that?
Theresa: That was the fog, too.
Whitney: No, Theresa, it wasn't the fog. It was my subconscious trying
to tell me that I needed to end things with Chad before something horrible
happens -- like my sister getting hit by a car. I should've just listened,
but I didn't, and now Simone almost died because of it, Theresa.
Theresa: Whitney, you're letting yourself get carried away.
Whitney: Theresa, all i know is that Simone has been hurt enough
because of me, and I can't let her be hurt anymore.
Theresa: But ending what you have with Chad will hurt him and it won't
help Simone It's not like he's going to fall for Simone if he can't be
with you.
Whitney: Ok
Theresa: No, Whitney Ending what you have with Chad won't do anyone any
good.
Whitney: But I promised Simone that if she lived i would give up Chad.
And I have to keep my promise to her.
Kay: Oh, my God!

Hank: Luis How's it going?
Luis: Hank, what's going on, buddy?
Hank: I was just at the hospital when Simone got taken off the critical
list Poor kid, getting hit by a car like that in front of her own house.
Luis: Yeah, tell me about it.
Hank: How's the investigation coming?
Luis: Slow, that's how I need a break. I need someone who saw Simone
get hit by that car.
Hank: I'll ask around, see what i can come up with.
Luis: Thanks anyway, but it's cop's business, you know?
Hank: Well, actually, that's what I came her to talk about, Luis. I --
i need a job I was -- well, you know, after working with the feds to help
break up that drug cartel that was after Sheridan, I realized how much i
like police work, was even thinking about becoming a cop Now, i know my
background's not the best, but with Sam's help and yours, if you feel like
giving it, i was hoping for a shot with the Harmony PD
Luis: You kidding me, man? I would love to see -- I'd love to see you
on the force
Hank: So you'll back me?
Luis: All the way
Hank: Thanks, man
Luis: Anytime
Hank: I never thought me wanting to be a flatfoot would put you in such
a good mood.
Luis: Well, it's that and the fact that I'm going to be marrying
Sheridan in a few days. In fact, i wish I was with her right now. Yeah
She's -- she's in a fragile state. She's very vulnerable.
Hank: Why? What happened here? What's going on?
Luis: It's a long story. Bottom line is her family did something that
really shook her up.
Hank: Julian and Alistair at it again? God.
Luis: Yeah. Sheridan still can't seem to shut them out of her life for
good. Well, at least Alistair's not around. I can handle Julian.

Julian: Listen how father turns Sheridan around He'll play her like a
violin, plucking each emotional string until what she says is music to his
ears.
Rebecca: Hmm Alistair does have quite a technique. Oh, the way he sizes
up a situation, decides on a plan of action, and then makes his move,
focusing on nothing but exactly what he wants.
Julian: You seem to have a grasp of the way father does things.
Rebecca: Oh, well, uh, Julian, your father is still a very forceful,
charismatic man I know -- I know i couldn't resist him I mean, if he was
trying to sway me, of course.
Alistair: I'm sorry, Sheridan, but I knew nothing about this mask or
the heinous charade built around it.
Sheridan: You're telling me that you knew nothing about Julian using
that mask to break up Luis and me?
Alistair: On your mother's grave, i knew nothing about it.
Rebecca: The man has no shame.
Julian's voice: Something tells me he's not alone.
Alistair: I see now what happened. Your brother wanted to get you out
of the country. He thought that if he ended your relationship with Luis,
you'd go running back to Paris.
Sheridan: Why would Julian want to get rid of me?
Alistair: Elementary, my dear He knew I was considering making you my
heir.
Sheridan: You're thinking of making me your heir, father?
Alistair: Why not? Times have changed. Women occupy positions of great
power in our society You're intelligent, you're personable, and you're my
daughter Why not pick you? Unlike Julian, I know I can count on you I
won't lie to you, Sheridan As you well know from past conversations, Luis
Lopez Fitzgerald is not a man I would have picked to be your husband.
Sheridan: That's putting it mildly.
Alistair: Luis may have a number of admirable qualities, but his family
and ours have never gotten along. Having said that, I nonetheless want you
to be happy. And if Luis is the one man best able to make that happen,
then i want you to have him.
Sheridan: Really?
Alistair: Yes, my dear. Everything I've ever done is because I love
you, Sheridan You do believe me, don't you?

Hank: So Sheridan found a masked imposter in bed with another woman and
thought it was you.
Luis: The setup was perfect It was too perfect, and once i convinced
Sheridan of that, we set our own trap to catch the imposter. And, Hank,
you should've seen the look on his face when we busted that guy.
Luis: It was the same creep that Sheridan overheard months ago on the
wharf. You know the time she thought she overheard me say that I was just
using her to get to her family?
Hank: Was the same guy wearing the mask?
Luis: Yeah, that's right
Hank: I remember Sheridan was so upset, she ran off to Paris.
Luis: Yeah, well, I finally wised up. You know, the worst part about
this whole thing is now Sheridan has to face the fact that her family will
do anything to break us up.
Hank: So that you won't be around to dig into your father's
disappearance.
Luis: Hank, Julian destroyed a file on my father that they kept sealed
in the crane family's archives. That definitely means that they're hiding
something. You see, what I think, I think that Julian and Alistair are
afraid. They're afraid once I marry Sheridan, I'm going to be on the
estate. It's too late Yeah, well, it hurts Sheridan and she hates it, but,
well, she's finally seeing her brother and father for the real
cold-blooded creeps that they are.
Hank: Man. Poor Sheridan. Must be hard not to break off from your
family like that.
Luis: That's not what happened. Like i said, she's on to them, but part
of her still wants the love that she's never gotten from them.
Hank: Well, I hope you told her not to hold her breath.
Luis: Yeah. That and then some, but Sheridan -- Sheridan thinks that
when she has a baby that Alistair's finally going to show her the love
that she was denied since she was a baby herself.
Hank: We both know that's not going to happen.
Luis: Yeah. But Sheridan's having a hard time buying it. Once we're
married, I can give her the love and support she never got from her
so-called family. Then she won't be vulnerable to the lies of Julian and
Alistair anymore.

Sheridan: I want to believe that you love me, father, but I can't. Not
after all this time, after all that's happened.
Alistair: If I've been stern with you about certain things, it's only
because I feared for your happiness.
Sheridan: It's more than that. Take Julian, for example.
Alistair: What about my idiot of a son?
Sheridan: I know my brother and I know some of the things that he's
done, like hiring someone to impersonate Luis. Julian wouldn't do that on
his own. You not only had to have known about it, but you must have given
him your blessing.
Alistair: I can see why you'd think that and why you doubt my
proclamation of innocence. I can only conclude that your brother became
desperate after I passed him over to make Ethan my heir. And then, of
course, when Ethan's true paternity came out, your brother must have
feared I'd turn to you to take my place. Julian obviously became a loose
cannon, taking advantage of my absence to destroy you and your happiness.
But once I learned of his unspeakable treachery, I came to put a stop to
it. Only I was too late. Julian had already launched that sordid plan
against you and Luis. Prior to coming to see you, I told Julian his
actions were both depraved and despicable. Under no circumstances do we
Cranes turn on each other the way Julian turned on you. One can have all
the money and power in the world, but what good does that do if you don't
have your family?
Sheridan: Do you really mean that?
Alistair: Absolutely. I may be far away from you most of the time, but
you are as near and dear to me as any daughter could be. You and Julian
are the reason for everything I do. Although after the way your brother
has acted recently, I must wonder if I made a mistake trusting him to look
after things here in my absence. The thought of you being unhappy the rest
of your life without the man you love, even if I don't totally approve of
him, is a dagger in my heart, Sheridan. A dagger in my heart.
Sheridan: Would it really upset you to see me unhappy?
Alistair: Of course it would, my dear. You, Sheridan, are the most
important person in the world to me.

Eve: What's happening?
Kay: I think she's waking up.
Eve: Sweetheart? Simone, can you hear me?
Simone: Mommy? Mommy?
Eve: Hi, sweetheart, it's mommy. Whitney's here and so's Kay.
Whitney: Hey.
Eve: How are you feeling?
Simone: I'm tired. Sore.
Simone: What happened? Why am i in the hospital? Mommy, what --
Eve: You were hit by a car on your way home last night, honey.
Simone: How badly was I hurt?
Eve: Oh, it doesn't matter because you're going to be just fine.
Simone: Do I have amnesia, because I don't remember getting hit by a
car.
Eve: Oh, maybe your short-term's memory been lost, but it's going to
come back soon, I promise. There's nothing to worry about Oh, honey,
everything is fine Now, you just rest here and I'm going to go call your
daddy, ok?
Simone: Ok
Eve: Ok
Whitney: Hi, honey It's ok So, um, you really don't remember anything
that happened to you?
Simone: No All I remember is -- is a dream I had.
Whitney: What kind of dream was it?
Simone: It was about you and Chad You were kissing
Whitney: Honey, honey, after what you've been through, I mean, it's
possible that you could've dreamt about all sorts of things You know?
Simone: Yeah
Whitney: Mm-hmm
Simone: You're the one that put it in my head that Whitney and Chad
were in love, Kay. There's no way I could've seen you kissing Chad, is
there?
Chad: Come on, Whitney Just tell her. Tell Simone the truth.

Alistair: Julian may be my son, but a daughter always holds a special
place in her father's heart, and you, Sheridan, are no exception.
Julian: Listen to the pabulum father's feeding Sheridan.
Alistair: A son should be able to fend for himself, make it on his own.
The sad fact that Julian is the incompetent dilettante he is has forced me
to devote considerable time and energy to micromanaging his life.
Julian: No need to overdo it, father.
Alistair: For that reason alone, you probably thought Julian was more
important to me than you, my dear -- only you couldn't be more wrong. The
fact that you don't believe me confirms my deepest fear -- that I'm too
late in coming to you. Had I only realized years ago how much you needed
me, if I'd come to you then, perhaps you'd believe me now.
Sheridan: Father, I want --
Alistair: You don't want anything to do with me at this late date, and
I can't blame you. There's no making up for past mistakes.
Sheridan: Father, when you thought I was dead, murdered, why didn't you
come to my funeral? It would've meant the world to me to have known you
were there.
Alistair: Yes Your funeral I wanted to come. But believe it or not, I
have my weaknesses. The truth be told, I was afraid I'd break down in
front of the others. Think me proud or vain, I simply couldn't risk it So
I grieved alone.
Sheridan: Really?
Alistair: If I hadn't grieved, I'd be some kind of heartless monster,
wouldn't I?
Sheridan: Do you mean it?
Alistair: You're my daughter, Sheridan. When I heard you were dead, I
thought I'd go out of my mind.
Sheridan: Oh, father.
Julian: Bravo, father. You've got her now.
Alistair: To think I'd never see your beautiful, smiling face again was
almost more than I could bear.
Pilar: Dios mio Alistair He cannot be here I'm sorry to interrupt, Mr
Crane, but I thought I heard Mr. Alistair's voice Is he back in Harmony?
Julian: Uh -- Pilar, that's none of your business.
Rebecca: Yes, Pilar, just go back to pretending you're working.
Julian: Can't wait till I divorce Ivy so I can fire that woman.
Rebecca: Oh, I'm sorry, pookie, but that pleasure is going to be all
mine.
Pilar: Alina Excuse me. I'm sorry to bother you, but is Mr Alistair
back in Harmony?
Alina: Yes He arrived last night. He and Julian were huddled in the
library until early this morning.
Pilar: Ok, thank you.
Alina: Yeah.
Pilar: Oh, God. I knew the cranes would not give up. Poor Luis and
Sheridan. Oh, dear God.
Simone: Whitney, answer me There's no way i could've seen you kissing
Chad, is there?
Whitney: Trust me, Simone, Chad and i weren't kissing.
Simone: See, Kay? You were wrong.
Kay: I guess so.
Whitney: I mean, you remember, Simone -- I have my tennis and my
schoolwork and youth choir. I don't have time for any guy in my life --
you know that -- especially Chad.
Simone: I knew it I knew I was the only girl that Chad loved.

Ethan: Chad, what is it? What happened?
Chad: It's Whitney She had the perfect chance to tell Simone that she
did see us kissing and that we're in love, and she didn't do it.
Theresa: Oh, my gosh.
Chad: She told Simone that we never kissed and that she's too busy with
tennis and choir practice to ever be interested in guys -- especially me.
Ethan: Chad, man, I'm sorry.
Chad: So now -- so now Simone definitely still thinks I'm in love with
her and that when she gets out of here, we're going to have a future
together.

Whitney: Theresa, why was Chad looking at me like that?
Theresa: Because he heard what you said to Simone, how you lied to her
again instead of telling her the truth.
Whitney: I kept the promise that i made. That's all i did.
Theresa: Whitney --
Whitney: Look, Theresa, I appreciate you and Ethan being here, but
don't you guys have to go get ready for your wedding? I mean, I know
today's the final fitting for your wedding dress.
Theresa: I know, but --
Whitney: Theresa, Simone is going to be just fine. So you don't have to
worry about her or me anymore, ok?
Theresa: But I am worried about you, Whitney -- you and Chad.
Whitney: The dress-fitting Theresa, please?
Theresa: You're my best friend, my maid of honor Your happiness means
more to me than any dress-fitting. No, I can't just stand by and watch you
give up the guy that you love because of a promise you made out of guilt,
a promise that Simone didn't even hear in the first place.
Whitney: But don't you understand, Theresa, that's not the point?
Theresa: No. The point is we each get one great love in our life.
Ethan's mine and Chad is yours And if you throw it away, you will spend
the rest of your life regretting it.

Luis: So once Sheridan and I are married, Alistair will lose any
control that he has over her. But for now, she's still vulnerable. See,
Alistair knows that Sheridan has wounds from her childhood that have never
healed. Now, if he opens those wounds, he can use them. He can use them to
get to what he wants.
Hank: Maybe, but, like you said, Alistair's nowhere near Harmony, so
there's nothing like that you have to worry about.
[Telephone rings]
Luis: Harmony PD, Ofc Lopez Fitzgerald.
Pilar: Brace yourself, mijo Alistair crane is here in Harmony.

Alistair: Sheridan, when your mother died, I withdrew more than ever
from my family, plunged myself deeper into my work. I suppose it was my
way of mourning. And only now, decades later, thanks to you, do I feel as
though I'm coming out of it.
Sheridan: Thanks to me?
Alistair: Yes. Yes, when I heard my little girl was going to marry the
man she loved, even though it's no secret I wouldn't have wanted Luis to
be my son-in-law, I actually got excited thinking that someday, God
willing, you'll have children. And they'll sit on me, and won't I be
proud. I'll have a chance to give them the love and affection I failed to
give you, my dear.
Sheridan: Do you really mean that?
Alistair: Of course I mean it. I'm not the monster people think I am. I
admit I've made wrong choices in the past, like leaving your brother to
oversee things here in my absence. I should've realized Julian was a loose
cannon a long time ago.
Julian: Oh, enough of this "loose cannon" business. Why does father
always blame everything on me?
Rebecca: Well, if it serves his purpose, let him do it. The means don't
matter. It's the end that counts.
Alistair: I came home to save you, Sheridan, but I'm proud to see
you've made it on your own. You don't need me Not now -- not after all the
times I've failed you. And I don't blame you for not forgiving me. I don't
deserve it. Just know that i wish you all the happiness in the world.
Julian: This is it. This is the moment father's been building to. Will
he hook Sheridan or will she get away?

Ethan: You've got to talk to Whitney again. You know, make her see that
her promising not to see you doesn't mean that you're going to hook up
with Simone Tell her -- tell her that Simone won't want you anyways once
she realizes that you're in love with her sister. I mean, that way she can
tell her now that she's ok Not that she won't be hurt -- I'm sure she will
be -- but her knowing the truth now is not going to land her on life
support.
Chad: You're right, man. You're absolutely right. Whitney needs to just
nip this in the bud before it goes any further. I just hope I can get her
to tell Simone the truth.
Kay: Whitney? Simone wants to see you.
Chad: So did Whitney tell you why she lied to Simone?
Theresa: Chad, she just feels guilty for Simone almost dying I mean,
she's just confused. She's messing up three lives at once.

Simone: I had this feeling that Kay was keeping something from me. I
just wanted to make sure that it wasn't about Chad. I mean, it's weird I
still have this fuzzy picture of you and Chad kissing. You meant what you
said about not loving Chad, didn't you?
Whitney: Uh --
Whitney: Simone, I don't love Chad There's nothing
between us And there never will be.
Luis: If Alistair's back in town, you can be damn sure that he's not
here to give Sheridan away at our wedding.
Hank: How can Alistair possibly stop Sheridan from wanting to marry
you?
Luis: I don't know I don't know, you know, but Alistair is so damn
devious, you never can tell. But I'm not going to give him the chance.
Sheridan's my fiancée, we're getting married in a few days, and there is
no way I'm letting anyone hurt the woman that i love. And if Alistair
thinks he is going to open up some of Sheridan's emotional wounds, I swear
I'll kill him.
Julian: What happened? Did father win or did Sheridan let him walk out?

Rebecca: If Alistair walked out, it means his plan failed and then
Sheridan will have to die.
Julian: At our hand, I'm afraid.
Sheridan: Don't go, father
[Door closes]
Sheridan: Please don't leave
me again Oh, daddy.
Alistair: Dearest Sheridan. Everything is going to be all right now.
Julian: Sheridan took the bait. Now he'll reel her in and gut her
relationship with Luis. They don't know it yet, but my sister and her
fiancé are finished.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 6/25/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 6/25/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Sam: When was the last
time I told you I loved you?&nbsp;
Grace: ,Oh, about 10 minutes ago, but don't stop
Sam: You know, you're even more beautiful now than the day we were
married.
Grace: You know, I feel a little bit like the blushing bride. I'm sure
the kids know I didn't come home to sleep last night.
Sam: We're married. It's ok.
Grace: Jess is going to be thrilled. She kept saying we're going to get
back together because she knew we were still in love.
Sam: That's my girl -- smart as they come.

Charity: Hello.
Jessica: All right!
Miguel: Congratulations!
Charity: Whoo!

Reese: I wonder if Tabitha's still running around without a head.&nbsp;
Reese: she's a witch, and I'm going to prove it.

Timmy: Timmy doesn't want to be up in this hot, stuffy attic.
Tabitha: Tough toadstools. We can't very well go downstairs and join
the others until I get my head back on straight, especially with that nosy
parker Reese lurking about.
Timmy: Timmy's sorry. He knows it's all his fault. Don't worry,
princess. Timmy will save you. Hi-ya! No. No. No, no, no, no! Princess,
you have to believe Timmy. He never, ever meant to chop your head off.
Tabitha: Oh, can the tears, crybaby, and help me sew my head back on.
And do it right so it stays put.&nbsp;
Timmy: No Timmy hates needles.
Tabitha: Just get over it and do as I tell you so we can get out of
this attic. Hot as blazes up here. And I should know.

Hank: Stop with the crazy talk. You're not going to kill Alistair
crane.
Luis: Probably right. But I'd like to.
Hank: You even said yourself that you don't have any proof that he was
involved with Julian in that wild scheme to break up you and Sheridan.
Luis: Hank, I don't need proof. I'm sure that he was behind it as sure
as i know my name.
Hank: What about Sheridan?
Luis: Well, she knows it in her head. Probably not in her heart. She's
been trying to get her father to love her ever since she was a little
girl, and she's never gotten it. I'm afraid that's why Alistair came back
to Harmony.&nbsp;
Hank: I
Luis: That's just because your mind is not as diabolical as his. See,
Alistair would do anything to keep me and Sheridan from getting married,
including using her need for his approval to control what she does.
Hank: Talk about dirty pool, man.
Luis: Yeah, you can say that again. I'm going to call her to warn her
what's going on.

Rebecca: Why can't we hear Alistair and Sheridan at the cottage? You
don't think that thing's broken, do you?
Julian: No, I think it's working just fine. The reason we can't hear
what they're saying is that Sheridan's too overcome with emotions to
speak. Father's convinced her that he genuinely loves her.&nbsp;
Rebecca: How can any man be so cruel to his own daughter?
Julian: Father thinks that love is a waste of time better spent. The
only thing he cares about is the crane empire.
Rebecca: Yeah, but your sister's so bright. I mean, why isn't she more
suspicious?
Julian: Because he's telling her what she's always wanted to hear. You
should know that by now. The brain has very little in common with the
heart. Now, here -- here's the tricky part. Will father be able to
manipulate Sheridan out of her marriage to Luis?

Sheridan: You do love me. You really do.
Alistair: Of course, darling. You're my flesh and blood, my pride and
joy, my very own beautiful daughter. I can't tell you how horrified I was
when I got wind of Julian's insane scheme to break up you and Luis.&nbsp;
Sheridan: Really?
Alistair: I was livid. I can't imagine how you felt at your brother's
betrayal.
Sheridan: I'm so confused. I even thought the two of you had planned it
together.
Alistair: You wound me deeply, darling.
Sheridan: I know. And I'm sorry. But now I know better. It's just that
when it was happening, it brought back all those feelings I had after
mother died when I felt so alone, like no one would ever love me again.
Alistair: You poor dear. Will you ever be able to forgive your father
for being so neglectful? It's a pitiable excuse, I know, but I was -- I
was too busy nursing my own grief over your mother's death to realize how
much you needed me. But that's water under the bridge. I know better now,
and I'm home. You'll never be alone again.&nbsp;
Sheridan&nbsp; Once I marry Luis, I'll have both of you.&nbsp;
[Telephone rings]
Sheridan: That's probably Luis.
Julian: Oh, rats. If Sheridan tells Luis she's with father, it could
ruin everything.
Alistair: Don't answer. Not now when we've just found one another
again. There's so much I want to tell you.

Charity: That you guys worked it all out.
Jessica: Oh, I knew they would. I told you last night that you guys
would make up, didn't I?
Grace: Yes, you did.
Jessica: So you promise that you're never going to break up as long as
you live?
Sam: You have my word. You know, lucky for me, your mom's the most
understanding woman in the world. You know, I don't know what I ever did
to deserve her.
Grace: Oh, where should I start? How about 20 years ago when you
rescued me from that fire? I wouldn't even be alive if it weren't for you,
Sam.
Miguel: That's exactly what I want us to be like when we get married.
We're never going to break up, either.&nbsp;
Kay: I can't believe it, but I have my soul back. I feel so wonderful.
Father Lonigan: You have confessed your sins. And once you have done
your penance, your soul will be pristine. You can keep it that way but
only if you change your ways.
Kay: Ok. I want to be good, father. I -- I won't go after Miguel
anymore. I have to be good. I have to be good. Hey, guys.
Charity: Hi.
Miguel: Hey, Kay. How's Simone? Has there been any change or --

Grace: She still conscious?
Kay: Yeah, and her eyes are open, and she's talking, and --&nbsp;
Sam: Does she remember anything from the accident?
Kay: No. It's like her mind's a blank, when it comes to the accident.
Sam: It's not unusual. But it'll be tougher to find the creep who hit
her and drove off.
Kay: Hey, are you guys -- what did I miss?
Jessica: It's the best news, Kay. Mom and dad are back together.
Kay: Oh, my gosh. I'm so happy for all of us. That's great.
Miguel: What do you think?
Charity: What do I think? I think that it was crazy for me to think Kay
had no soul. Clearly, she couldn't be this happy about her parents without
one.
Jessica: I can't wait to tell Tabitha about mom and dad. I wonder where
she is.

Tabitha: Watch it!
Timmy: This is hurting Timmy more than it's hurting you, princess.
Tabitha: I sincerely doubt that. Will you at least try and make the
stitches a little straighter? Otherwise, I'll look like the bride of
Frankenstein, if not Frankenstein himself.
Timmy: Oh, no, princess. You're just as beautiful today as you were the
first day Timmy laid eyes on you. Is this the same needle and thread that
princess used to sew Timmy back together?
Tabitha: Well, now that you mention it -- oh, enough with the stroll
down memory lane. Are you through?
Timmy: Yep. Timmy hopes this does the job.&nbsp;
Tabitha: Well, I'd better get downstairs before some smart aleck starts
looking for me.
Reese: Aha!
Tabitha: What do you think you're doing up here?
Reese: I might ask you the same question. Do you always come up to a
hot, stuffy attic to do your sewing?
Tabitha: As a matter of fact, I do. Not that it's any of your business.

Reese: Hey.

Sheridan's voice: Hi. This is Sheridan. I can't come to the phone right
now, but if you'll leave a message, I'll get back to you as soon as I can.

Luis: Hey, babe, it's me. Pick up.
Alistair: You can talk to him later, darling. There's so much I still
want to tell you.&nbsp;
Luis: Maybe you're out in the garden.
Sheridan: Just let me tell him that you're back. I mean, wait till he
hears that you've given us your blessing.
Julian: His blessing? More like his curse. Father's going to destroy
and Sheridan before they ever get close to saying their I dos.
Luis: Ok, well, I'll see you soon. I love you.
Alistair: What's the rush, dear? Give your poor, old father some
long-overdue one-on-one time with his precious little girl.
Julian: Thank God father's baited the hook. Now all he has to do is
reel her in before Luis gets to her.

Hank: She wasn't home?
Luis: She's probably taking a walk out in the garden. You know, maybe I
should go over there. I don't trust Alistair as far as i can throw him.&nbsp;
Hank: The guy sounds like a real monster.
Luis: Hank, even my mother says that he's got a stone where his heart's
supposed to be, and she doesn't say anything bad about anyone.
Hank: Oh, I'll vouch for that. What's the old man going to do? I mean,
you and Sheridan have pretty much proven that there's nothing that's going
to tear you two apart.
Luis: You would think they would have gotten it by now, right? I guess
that's why I'm on guard. See, the way I see it, it's the perfect time for
Alistair to strike. Sheridan's vulnerable, her guard's down. Hank, come
on, everyone's told me that whatever Alistair wants -- I mean, he won't
stop until he wins. Now, come on. Let's go over there.&nbsp;

Sheridan: I have waited my whole life to hear you say you love me.
Alistair: I'm sorry it took so long, darling. It wasn't that i didn't
feel it. I simply didn't realize how important it was to say it or show
it. Thank God I learned otherwise before i lost you for good.
Sheridan: Father, there's something I want to ask you. It's about my
marriage to Luis.
Alistair: What is it, dear?
Sheridan: All my life, I dreamed of having my father walk me down the
aisle when i get married. Now that you're home, would you consider it?
Alistair: Nothing would make me prouder. I'm only sorry i don't know
your Luis very well. I'd love to be able to convince him we cranes had
nothing to do with his father's disappearance.&nbsp;
Sheridan: If only you&nbsp; could. And that would be the most
incredible wedding gift to me if you two could just shake hands and put
the past behind you.
Alistair: All in good time, my dear.
Julian: All right, here it comes. This is where father gets Sheridan to
agree not to marry Luis.
Sheridan: Unfortunately, time is one thing we don't have. Luis and i
are getting married right away.
Alistair: Oh, dear. Well, there goes my surprise.
Sheridan: What surprise?
Alistair: I might as well tell you now. It was silly, I suppose, just
an old man's fantasy about making up for lost time. I had my heart set on
the two of us taking a little jaunt to Europe, just you and me together
for a long-deserved time alone.&nbsp;


Tabitha: Hey, if you don't mind, Ross --
Reese: Just one question. Why the scarf? It must be in the 80s today.
You wouldn't be trying to hide something, would you?
Reese: Ow!
Tabitha: Oh, dear. I'm afraid these old stairs are a bit treacherous
for people who aren't used to them.
Jessica: Oh, Tabitha, guess what. It's the best news you could imagine.&nbsp;
Tabitha: E.
Jessica: Mom and dad are back together.
Tabitha: Oh, how perfectly grand. Oh, I'm so happy for you, my dear.
Grace: Oh, Tabitha.

Jessica: You ok?
Reese: Better than ok. I'm about this close to proving that Tabitha is
a bona fide witch.
Jessica: Would you give it a rest, Reese?
Reese: Not a chance. You know why she's wearing that scarf around her
neck? To hide the fact that her little doll just sewed her head back on.
Jessica: Maybe you got a concussion when you fell down the stairs.
Reese: I'm not making this up. It's for real.&nbsp;
Jessica Reese. You just -- you spend too much time in front of the
computer, you know? You need to get out in the fresh air more.

Sam: Tabitha, I -- I can't tell you how much I appreciate what you've
done for my family since the demon incident cost us our house.
Tabitha: Now, now. What are neighbors for. I'm very happy to do what I
can. But I suppose that means you'll be staying here, as well, Sam?
Sam: Well, I'd love to, but we still have the same problem -- not
enough room. I'm looking into renting us something until we can build our
new house, but it may take some time, what, with all the summer rentals
being taken.
Tabitha: Well, don't rush on my account. The more the merrier, I say.&nbsp;
Grace: You'll be some nights when I'm not here, anyway. And I'll be visiting
Sam at the police station.
Tabitha: As well you should, dear. Well, don't worry. I'll chaperone
the girls and make sure that Miguel doesn't stay too late with his darling
charity.
Kay: Be good. Be good. Hey, how about i make everybody some lunch?
Grace: Am I hearing things, or did our daughter Kay just offer to make
everyone lunch?
Kay: Oh, thanks a lot, mom.
Sam: Don't blame your mother for acting surprised. You're making lunch
without being asked? Well, I think that's a first.
Kay: Well, I'm just happy you guys are back together.&nbsp;
Grace.
Sam: You know, this is what I missed most of all -- the whole family in
the same place. Now, i promise you, it won't be long until we're in our
new home. Once we are, we're never going to be apart again.

Tabitha: Why don't we all sing "oh happy day" and throw up? All this
love is making me sick to my stomach. Even Kay's joined the other team.
Timmy: Timmy likes the new and improved Kay.
Tabitha: Yes, well, don't get too used to it. Kay isn't the Pollyanna
forever type. Not when she has to watch charity and Miguel getting closer
and closer every day. And as far as grace and Sam go, I hope they enjoy
their moment of reconciliation because it's going to be very short-lived.
Evil may have taken a little sabbatical from Harmony, but mark my words,
it'll be back.&nbsp;

Man: Everything appears to be in order, sir. Your keys. Any idea how
long you will be keeping the car?
Second man: Well, that depends. How r is it to Harmony from here?
Man: Not far at all. In fact, I'll show you the quickest route.

Luis: Sheridan's home.
Alistair: My dear, I can't tell you how disappointed I am.
Luis: Oh, my God.
Alistair: It was too much to ask.
Luis: It's Alistair. I recognize his voice.
Alistair: If only I'd asked before you set the date. I had such dreams
of the two of us touring provence together. There's so many places I'd
love to show you.&nbsp;
Sheridan: Sounds wonderful, father, but Luis and i are getting married
in a few days.

Luis: I knew it. Her father came home to finish off with his twisted
plan what Julian didn't accomplish. Hank, they'll do anything to break us
up.
Hank: What are you going to do?
Luis: What am I going to do? I'm going to make him sorry. Or maybe not.
You know, as much as I'd like to go in there and break his neck, maybe
Sheridan needs to figure out what her father is doing on her own.
Otherwise, she's never going to realize 100% that her father doesn't love
her.&nbsp;
Al to ask you to pone your wedding. It just that I'm not getting any
younger, and who knows when or if we'll ever have an opportunity like this
again. Sheridan, dear, there's a small church outside Paris I wanted to
show you in particular. It's where your mother first let me kiss her when
we started courting.

Sheridan: Really?
Alistair: I think of her every day. I try not to, but it seems the
longer she's gone, the more i miss her. You remind me so much of her. We'd
only be gone a week or two. Oh, what am I saying? Your wedding is far more
important than keeping an old man company.
Julian: Listen to the master at work. There's no way Sheridan will ever
be able to resist his pitch.&nbsp;
Rebecca: Ingenious. I mean, Sheridan will tell Luis that she wants to
postpone the wedding for a couple of weeks so she can go to Europe with
her father.
Julian: Only it'll be the longest two weeks in history. Once father
gets Sheridan out of town, he'll make sure she never comes back to
Luis.

Hank: This is killing you. Go in there and tell Sheridan that her
father doesn't mean a word that he's saying, that he's just trying to keep
her from marrying you.&nbsp;
Luis: So just because I can see through that slime ball's act, that
doesn't mean that Sheridan's going to believe me. As hard as it is for me
to stand here and listen to those lies, Sheridan's got that's going to see
right through them. She's got to be the one to face the cold, hard facts
that her father's never loved her and never will.

Alistair: I was just hoping this little prewedding trip might help make
up for all the time we've lost. We could fly to Paris tonight.
Sheridan: I want to marry Luis right away. I hate to just spend one
night away from him, and so many people would be disappointed if i
postpone the wedding.
Alistair: Of course.&nbsp;
Sheridan&nbsp; What&nbsp; you're offering me -- i mean, this is
something that i have dreamed of my entire life -- you and me spending
time together like other fathers and daughters, getting to know one
another.
Alistair: Too little too late, I'm afraid.
Sheridan: It means so much to me that you even want to do that. I've
been hearing what you said about how much mother meant to you and how you
would have spent more time with me as a child but i reminded you so much
of her. And now you're flying home after Julian pulled this awful stunt.

Luis: This is un-damn-believable. He's passed off this whole imposter
scheme on Julian, and there's no doubt in my mind that Alistair was
involved, if not more than Julian. Come on, Sheridan. Come on. Don't buy
that. As much as you want to believe him, don't. It ain't true. Come on,
Sheridan. Just think. He's just trying to break us up. You can see right
through him. I know you can.&nbsp;

Julian: All over but the bon voyage party. My sister's buying every
line out of father's mouth. She doesn't know it yet, but she and Luis are
finished.

Reese: Don't believe me. But when we were at the hospital the other
night, i saw that little doll run by carrying Tabitha's head and her body
chasing after him.
Jessica: Not another word, Reese. You need help.
Reese: But it's the truth. I'll prove it to you.
Tabitha: Kay, dear, i wanted to ask you --
Jessica: Oh, Reese, how could you?
Reese: I told you. Her head has been sewn back on.&nbsp;
Reese: . Tabitha's head has been sewn on. It proves that she's a witch.

Tabitha: The nerve of him! Never in all my born days have i known such
a rude, rude boy!
Reese: It's true! Just look!
Sam: That is enough.
Jessica: Leave Tabitha alone.
Reese: But --
Jessica: No! How can you act like this towards Tabitha when she has
been so nice to my family?
Grace: I am so sorry, Tabitha. I think we're all just a bit wound up
from the events in the last few days.
Sam: You owe Tabitha an apology.
Reese: I beg to differ, sir. I just almost caught her and her little
doll upstairs a little while ago sewing her head back on her neck. It's
true! And I saw her last night running around without her head.&nbsp;
Tabitha:&nbsp; Quite an imagination the boy's got. What you saw were
scratches on my neck from the thorns on my rosebushes in the garden. Oh,
his imagination's running away with him again.
Grace: Reese. Were the scratches bad, Tabitha?
Tabitha: Well, not really. I suppose you think I'm vain, wearing a
scarf like this, but I just didn't want anyone to notice the blemish. Kay,
dear, would you make me a cup of tea, please? My nerves are positively
frayed.
Kay: Of course.
Jessica: All right, look. Not one more word against Tabitha. No. She's
the nicest old lady I've ever met.
Kay: Tabitha, please sit while I make your tea.&nbsp;
Tabitha Thank you, dear.
Kay: You're welcome.
Tabitha: Now's the time to see if we can get Kay to revert to her old
ways, go back to getting after Miguel again.
Kay: Tabitha, did you say something?
Tabitha: Oh. I was just saying to my Timmy I'm sorry we took you away
from the others. Especially Miguel. As you know, I've always had high
hopes for the two of you. Now, you're not giving up on him, are you?

Luis: If Sheridan agrees to go to Europe with her father, we can forget
about getting married. Alistair will make sure of that.
Hank: Well, you can't blame her if she says yes. You told me yourself
how much her father's love means to her.&nbsp;
Luis: Yes but I hope she's strong enough to see through him. But I know
that's asking a lot.

Alistair: Come to Europe with me, sweetheart. Postpone your marriage to
Luis for a couple of weeks or maybe just a little longer.
Sheridan: No, father. I'm not going away with you.
Alistair: But I wanted it to be my pre wedding gift.
Sheridan: That's not necessary. You've just given me the best wedding
present I could ever have. Now I finally know who you are and what you
think of me and what a fool I've been to want your love. I was so
desperate for it that i almost fell for your pack of lies.
Alistair: Lies? What on earth are you talking about?&nbsp;
Sheridan: Don't deny it! You must have this cottage wired. You must
have heard me tell Luis that i would give anything to have you walk
through that door and tell me that you love me. And, gee, what a
coincidence -- that's exactly what you did. You walked in here and you
took me in your arms and you told me that you loved me. You're disgusting.

Alistair: Sweetheart, you couldn't be more wrong. I do love you with
all my heart. I thought this trip would be the answer to both our prayers.

Sheridan: Only yours. Only the one that you have of destroying Luis and
me. I didn't think anyone could stoop lower than Julian with his imposter
scheme, but you, father -- you just took the prize for playing dirty. And
by the way, I know Julian didn't come up with that on his own because he
doesn't do anything without your permission. So once again, you've failed.
So you can just go back to Europe or wherever it is you spend your time
making money and just --&nbsp;
Alistair: Now listen to me, young lady, and you listen well. You will
never marry that snooping, lowlife policeman from the wrong side of the
tracks!
Luis: Sheridan!
Sheridan: Luis.
Julian: Horrors. Sheridan saw through father's game.
Rebecca: Oh, my God, pookie. What are we going to do?
Julian: I don't want to think. We'd better go to the cottage and try to
calm father down.

Tabitha: I don't want to intrude, Kay, but you've always confided to
me, and it's meant ever so much. Tell me, how are things going between you
and Miguel these days?
Kay: Oh. Um -- they're not. I've decided not to go after Miguel
anymore.&nbsp;
Tabitha: You two are so obviously meant to be together.
Kay: He loves charity. I mean, he cares about me but basically as a
friend.
Tabitha: Well, surely Kay Bennett isn't going to let a little thing
like that stand in the way of true love.
Kay: I don't have a choice. I love Miguel now just as much as i ever
did, and he even admitted that if charity hadn't come to Harmony, he and I
would be together. But the fact is that she did, and that's that. I don't
want to fight it anymore. It's not right.
Tabitha: Oh, well, I never thought you would have given up so easily.
Kay: That's not easy, Tabitha. This is one of the hardest things that I
have ever had to do, trust me. But I have to do it. I have to be good. I
have to be good.&nbsp;
Timmy: Looks like Kay's gone straight. She's not going to try to break
up Miguel and charity anymore.
Tabitha: Fat lot you know. When bad people say they're going to be
good, that's when the real trouble begins.
Reese: Did you get a chance to check under Tabitha's scarf?
Kay: Reese, if you don't shut up about stitches on Tabitha's neck, I am
not going to talk to you again ever.
Reese: Please don't say that. I promise from now on my lips are sealed.

Kay: Good. Now, keep them that way. Hey, guys. I was thinking, now that
mom and dad are back together and Simone's going to get out of the
hospital soon, maybe we should plan our school trip.&nbsp;
Sam: No more proms after last year's disaster.
Tabitha: I can hardly blame you, Miguel, but you might fare better if
you try and stay on dry ground this time around.
Miguel: Yeah.
Jessica: I don't want to party until Simone's out of the hospital.
Miguel: And besides, you know, we're going to have so much stuff going
on with my family's double wedding, so --
Tabitha: Oh, that's right. Oh, my. Luis is marrying Sheridan crane, and
your sister's marrying young Ethan the same day.
Miguel: Charity and I are going to be in the wedding party.
Kay: I have to be good. I have to be good.
Tabitha: 10 to one she'll break her resolution before the week's out.&nbsp;
Jessica: Maybe we can't party, but we could start planning the trip.
Yeah?
Reese: I, for one, vote that we go back to Harmony's original
settlement. I'd love to do some more research on witches.
Miguel: No.
Charity: Nah.
Jessica: Negative.
Sam: Granted, I mean, Tabitha's -- she's a little strange, but Reese
was way out of line calling her a witch.
Grace: Especially with how wonderful she's been to all of us. I mean,
you know, I almost think of her as the family I lost along with my memory
so many years ago.
Sam: Yeah, you've had a tough time of it since i found you in that fire
in Boston.&nbsp;
Grace: Ye sorry for myself. I mean, sometimes I wish i knew more about
my life before i met you. But with time, I feel like one of the luckiest
people in the world.
Sam: Really?
Grace: Absolutely. When&nbsp; compare the last 20 years of my life to
somebody like ivy, I feel very lucky indeed. And ain't nothing or nobody
ever coming between us again.
Man: Well, the magazine article said Grace Bennett's the longtime owner
of grace's bed and breakfast. Well, now I know where to find her.

Hank: Everything ok in here?
Luis: Sheridan and I are fine. I can't answer for him.&nbsp;
Sheridan: You have never met my father, have you?
Luis: Only on the phone.
Sheridan: Father, I would like you to meet the man I'm going to marry
and our good friend hank.
Hank: That was some performance, Mr.. Crane. I've met a few sleazy
people in my life, but you definitely take the cake.
Alistair: I don't have to stand here and take this.
Luis: No. You're not going anywhere until I'm through with you. You're
a loser.
Alistair: I hardly think so, officer. I'm one of the wealthiest, most
powerful --
Luis: Losers in the world. I wish i would have had the opportunity to
have met Sheridan's mother. She must have been a very special person. Your
daughter bears no resemblance to you whatsoever. Furthermore, you don't
know the first thing about her. She's a special, generous, and beautiful
person, and she's got more courage in her little finger than will ever
know. And that's why I'm the luckiest man in the world -- because I' be
marrying her in a few days. And that's why you're the sorriest -- because
you got nothing to say about it from here on in.&nbsp;
Julian: It's worse than I thought. Luis just signed Sheridan's death
warrant.

  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 6/27/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Wednesday 6/27/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Whitney: Here you go, sweetheart, some water for you.
Simone: Hmm, I'm tired of water. Can you get me a soda?
Whitney: Um, no. I don't think you're supposed to be having anything
like soda.
Simone: Please, Whit? I'm tired of drinking water. I really want one.
Whitney: Ok. I guess it couldn't hurt anything. I'll get you a soda.
Simone: Thank you. I know I can always count on you.
Whitney: Of course you can, honey, we're sisters. And I just want you
to know that no one or nothing is more important than our relationship,
ok?
Simone: Ok.
Whitney: I love you.
Simone: I love you, too.
Whitney: Be right back with your soda.
Chad: Whitney. We need to talk.
Whitney: Chad, there's nothing for us to talk about. Our relationship
is over, ok? I promised Simone that I would stop seeing you if she
survived the hit-and-run, and I'm going to keep my promise I made.
Chad: A promise Simone didn't even hear you make.
Whitney: Simone still thinks it was a dream that she saw us kissing,
and I don't ever want her finding out any differently. Now, if you'll
excuse me.
Chad: Whitney, wait. Don't give up or throw away what we got just
because you blame yourself for Simone's accident. Look, Simone's a lot
stronger than you think. All right? We should go in there and tell her the
truth just like we was planning. She'll be hurt at first, but she'll come
around.
Whitney: Chad, no. I mean it. All right? It's over between us. I don't
ever want to see you again.

Grace: Don't know why I had such a feeling of dread, like somebody was
watching me.
Sam: Like I said, you're probably still dealing with everything that's
happened recently -- losing our home, the fear of losing me to Ivy.
Grace: Yeah, I guess.
Sam: Hey, trust me, all right? There's nothing to worry about. I love
you and I'm going to protect you. Nothing and no one is ever going to harm
you again.

Jessica: God, going to warlock island should be an amazing trip.
Charity: Oh, yeah.
Miguel: Yeah, especially after hearing Chief Bennett tell us the legend
of how the island got its name.
Reese: Yeah, can you imagine? Evil warlocks exploding into another
dimension because some bungling witch handed out the wrong scepters at a
sinister ceremony.
Tabitha's voice: I wasn't bungling. I was overworked.
Reese: Who knows? Maybe we'll find out that the legend is true. What's
the matter, Tabitha? You look as scared as you did when Chief Bennett told
the story about warlock island and your hair turned white.
Sam: Legend holds that on certain nights on the island, you can hear
their spirits screaming, writhing in pain.
Reese: Ah! Oh, my God! Look at Tabitha!
Tabitha: My goodness, now what?
Reese: Your hair.
Timmy's voice: It's as white as flour, princess.
Tabitha: As I said before, ross --
Reese: Reese.
Tabitha: The water dear Sam and Grace threw on me to revive me after my
fainting spell washed the hair dye out of my hair.
Reese: Then how come none of that hair dye got on your clothes?
Miguel: Reese, leave Tabitha alone, all right? This isn't the spanish
inquisition.
Tabitha's voice: You could've fooled me.
Kay: Let's look --
Miguel: Yeah, show us the route we're going to take again.
Tabitha: I'm afraid to ever set foot on warl again, Timmy. Those boys
hold a hell of a grudge.
Timmy: What about the kids? What will happen if they go to warlock
island?
Tabitha: Oh, it'll be a disaster, lad. Oh, worse than their ski trip,
camping trip, and prom night all rolled into one.

Ethan: Here's to tomorrow's double wedding. May we all be as calm,
cool, and collected as we are now.
Sheridan: Cheers.
Theresa: Yeah.
Sheridan: Oh. I can't believe I almost forgot. We have the final
fitting for our gown today.
Theresa: You're right!
Ethan: Luis and I still have to get fitted for our tux, so we'll drop
you off.
Theresa: Ok, well, let's go!
Sheridan: Great, I'll be right back. Let me get my purse.
Ethan: Oh, here, I'll take these to the kitchen.
Luis: Sis? You know, I love seeing you so happy and excited, yeah. Just
don't forget what I said about watching your back with Rebecca and Gwen,
ok?
Theresa: I won't. They have said things before to try to spook me, but
there is nothing that they can do to come between Ethan and me.
Luis: Ok. Just don't let your guard down. You know, I'd hate to see
Rebecca and Gwen with a little secret or white lie that you've been
keeping and have it ruin your wedding.

Gwen: [Disguised voice] trust me, the information that exposed Ethan's
true paternity came from Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald's computer.
Mort: How do you know?
Rebecca: Don't tell him! If you give that muckraker any more details,
Ethan might realize that we're the ones that leaked the story.
Mort: Hello? Anybody there?
Gwen: [Normal voice] he is not going to know that you tried to set up
Theresa by sending that e-mail from her computer.
Rebecca: No, but he might find out that we knew the truth before it
came out and didn't tell him, and then he would never forgive you and then
you can just forget ever being in his arms again.
Mort: Say something or I'm hanging up.
Gwen: Yeah, I'm here.
Mort: Look, one more time -- you want my paper to print that Theresa
Lopez Fitzgerald exposed Ethan crane as a Bennett, you're going to have to
give me more info.
Gwen: Like what?
Mort: Like how you know her e-mail address. Just tell me and we'll go
to press with a special edition right now.

Chad: Will you stop tripping long enough to talk to me?
Whitney: No, Chad, I made Simone a promise and I'm going to keep it.
Now, just leave me alone.
Nurse: Excuse me, but I couldn't help notice you and your lady friend
arguing.
Chad: Stick around because it ain't over yet.
Nurse: I don't know what's going on, but here's some advice -- you can
take it or leave it -- flowers.
Chad: Excuse me?
Nurse: Women love it when a man buys them flowers.
Chad: Listen, thanks for trying to help, but all the flowers in the
world ain't going to get me anywhere with her.
Nurse: Hey, it's worth a try. Flowers are like chicken soup. They
couldn't hurt.
Chad: Yeah, you're right. You're right. What harm could it do?

Timmy: Timmy doesn't want horrible things to happen to Charity and her
friends. How can princess stop them from going to warlock island?
Tabitha: Stop them? No, Timmy, the more I think about it, the more I
think they should go on their trip. Warlock island could spell their doom,
not ours. And if Charity and Miguel die, then all our problems are over.
Timmy: Oh, no, not this again.
Tabitha: Yes, this again. With any luck, those kids' trip to warlock
island could be a voyage of the damned. The happiest woman alive.

Sheridan: Sorry, Ethan, but that could be a problem because Luis has
already made me the happiest woman Ethan.
Luis: Hey.
Theresa: Oh, ok, ok. Luis and Ethan can share the title.
Sheridan: Perfect, to be together and blissfully happy for the rest of
our lives.

Mort: Tell me how you know the mail about Ethan came from Theresa's
computer. That's all I need to print this story.
Gwen: Ok. I know because -- mother!
Mort: Hello? Hey, we got a bad connection or what?
Rebecca: Don't do it. Wait until the wedding to just wipe out Theresa.
Gwen: What if our plan doesn't work?
Rebecca: Well, it's foolproof.
Gwen: Well, so was your plan with Alistair and Julian to break up
Sheridan and Luis, and that bombed big time. What if ours does, too?
Rebecca: Look, the e-mail really did come from Theresa's computer.

Grace: So, guys, hmm, coming along just fine.
Tabitha: Oh, hardly, you half-wit. No, Grace is sensing another round
of misery and mayhem coming this way. But it's starting earlier than my
cards said it would.
Timmy: There's already been an avalanche, a fireball, demons from hell,
the Bennett house imploding. Timmy can't even imagine what will happen
next.
Tabitha: Well, you'll just have to stay tuned like everyone else, won't
you? But I can promise you that the danger Grace is sensing is very real
and powerful enough to rock Harmony to its core.

Hank: Bennett, table for one. Hey, car's outside. Try not to scratch
it.
Luis: Yeah.
Ethan: You telling me this is the best you could do for a best man?
Hank: Hey, this is your new uncle hank you're talking about here.
Luis: Are you telling me this is the best you can do for an uncle?
Hank: Laugh while you can, boys. You're a day away from trading those
tuxes in for ye old ball and chain.
Luis: Yeah?
Hank: Yes. And all this is worth it?
Luis and Ethan: Yeah.
Ethan: We'd do anything we had to to marry Theresa and Sheridan.
Luis: You're damn straight.
Hank: Hey, don't get me wrong -- I'm happy you two found the women of
your dreams. And I'm sure the wedding's going to be incredible. Almost as
incredible as I look in a tux. Who knows -- maybe I'll even meet the woman
of my dreams at this marital marathon, huh?
Luis: Hey, you go for it, buddy. We just want to get married and get
the ceremony over with. Yeah?
Ethan: Yeah. We can't wait to be husbands to the two most beautiful
women alive. And maybe someday fathers, huh?
Luis: Yeah.
Sheridan: Oh, it's beautiful!
Theresa: It's perfect. It was so nice of Ethan's mother to let me have
her wedding dress.
Sheridan: You did a great job altering it, Abigail.
Abigail: Oh, thank you, Sheridan. I still need to make a few finishing
touches, though. Will you excuse me while I get some pins?
Theresa: Ok. Sheridan? Thank you again for the advice that you gave me.
But I think I will go to confession when I start taking birth control and
then i will stop it when Ethan and I can afford children.
Sheridan: I'm sure that things will work out perfectly for you and
Ethan. Oh, Gwen. I'm glad you're here. Would you excuse me for a moment?
Theresa: Sure.
Sheridan: Thank you.
Sheridan: There's something we need to clear up.
Gwen: Yeah, listen, I know what you're going to say and I don't blame
you. You're angry at the fact that my mother for the part that she played
in Alistair and Julian's plan

Simone: Mm-hmm.
Chad: About those flowers --
Whitney: He got them for you, sweetheart. At the most expensive flower
shop in Harmony.
Simone: Aw.
Chad: Whitney --
Whitney: Chad's just embarrassed because he spent so much money. He
didn't want me to tell you. Now, you rest your pretty little head, ok?
Simone: Ok.
Whitney: I've got to go meet Theresa at the bridal shop. Here's your
soda.
Simone: Chad, will you stay with me?
Chad: Sorry, Simone, I've got to meet Ethan for a tux fitting.
Simone: Ok. I'll see you later?
Chad: Ok.
Simone: Ok.
Chad: All right. Get some rest.
Simone: Thank you.
Chad: Whitney? Why did you lie to Simone like that? I mean, you're just
making it harder and harder to tell her the truth.
Whitney: Chad, you saw the look on Simone's face when she thought that
you brought the flowers for her. Look, Chad, she's weak and I made a
promise to her.
Chad: But that was when you thought --
Whitney: No, no, no, we cannot break the promise, ok? We just can't.

Miguel: Hey.
Charity: I'm worried about aunt Grace.
Miguel: Don't be. I mean, yeah, you know, you have premonitions
sometimes, but they don't always come true. You know, like when you
thought Kay didn't have a soul.
Charity's voice: Either I was wrong and Kay always had her soul or my
prayers were answered and Kay's soul was returned to her.
Grace: Well, I've got to head over to the bed and breakfast.
Jessica: No, mom, I'm going to watch the b&amp;b today. I want you two
to spend some time together.
Sam: Maybe we could find someplace to be alone.
Grace: Hmm.
Jessica: You could be alone here. Here, ok. Guys? Yeah, hey. Why don't
we go ahead and go to the hospital and let Simone know about our plans? I
mean, maybe it'll cheer her up to let her know that we're going to wait
for her to get better before we go to warlock island. Tabitha, is there
something that you could do to give my parents some time alone?
Grace: Jessica, you can't ask Tabitha to leave, really.
Tabitha: No, no, that's all right. I should touch my hair up. After the
water washed the dye out, I must look positively frightful.
Reese: Yeah, frightful like a witch.
Miguel: Reese, shut up.
Tabitha: You can do my hair while I search the ancient tomes for
insight into this warlock island business, ok?
Jessica: Well, then it's settled. Good. We're going to go ahead and
take off so you can guys can spend some time alone.
Grace: Ok.
Miguel: We're going to have a romantic time on warlock island, too.
Kay: I have to be good. I have to be good. Good. Ok.
Miguel: See you later.
Grace: Have a good time. Give Simone our love, ok?
Kay: Yes, ma'am.
Sam: Hey. Hey, what is it?
Grace: Nothing. No, not a thing.

Ethan: Hey, Chad, before you try on your tux, how's the music for the
wedding going?
Chad: It's all preprogrammed, man. All I got to do is hit a little
button on my new equipment, it does the rest.
Ethan: Well, that's great. Then you can spend the rest of your time
trying to get back with Whitney.
Chad: Yeah, well, Whitney's still got it in her head to end our
relationship on account of Simone. And I've tried everything, man. I mean,
believe me, I've tried everything. You know, and actually at one point I
finally thought I got through to her. Then all of a sudden, back to square
one. I mean, I don't know what else to do.
Luis: Hey, Chad. Hurry up and get your tux on, man. Let's get next
door, see how the ladies are doing.
Chad: All right.
Ethan: Hey, look, just hang in there. Don't give up yet, all right?
Chad: I don't know, man. I mean, Whitney seems pretty set to just end
it all.
Whitney: Oh, that dress is so beautiful, Theresa. You look fantastic.
[Theresa and Whitney scream]

Gwen: Maybe Pilar can be your matron of honor.
Sheridan: Oh, Gwen, stop. I don't blame you for what your mother did.
That's what I wanted to talk to you about. I still want you to be my maid
of honor.
Gwen: Oh, thank you, Sheridan. I was so afraid I had lost my best
friend.
Sheridan: Don't be silly. I know you could never do anything as cold
and calculated as Rebecca did. Like when Ethan broke your engagement to
marry Theresa, I know you were hurt and angry, yet you have done nothing
to get revenge on her.
Theresa: I think we should practice tossing our bouquets.
Whitney: Oh, gosh. Don't question it, Sheridan. I think we should just
do it or there won't be a minute's peace around here.
Theresa: Uh-huh.
Sheridan: Ok.
Whitney: Go for it.
Theresa: Thank you. All right. Are you ready?
Whitney: We are ready.
Theresa: Ok.
Sheridan and Theresa: One, two -- [Sheridan and Theresa scream]
Gwen's voice: Maybe sooner than you think, Theresa.

Grace: Well, here we are, all alone. Whatever shall we do?
Sam: Hmm.
Grace: Ooh.
Sam: Here's a hint.
Timmy: Don't fear, princess! Timmy will save you! Hi-ya! No! No! No,
no, no, no!
Tabitha: Ooh. Thank hades witches heal fast. The ancient prophecies do
point to Charity and Miguel going to warlock island, and, as I suspected,
it's bad for them and good for us.
Timmy: There's a switch.
Tabitha: Hmm, look, less commentary and more coloring, if you don't
mind. How's the hair cream working, by the way?
Timmy: Uh -- Timmy guarantees tabby won't have thick, white hair any
longer.
Tabitha: Hmm. Well, then the news is good all around. You know, this
horoscope says that one of the Bennett brats won't have to wait to land on
warlock island for something horrible to happen to her. According to this,
Jessica is facing danger as we speak.

Jessica: May I help you?
Man: Yes, I'd like a room.
Jessica: You're in luck. We happen to have a vacancy. We can register
you right here.
Man: "We"? You must be Grace's daughter. I see the resemblance now.
Jessica: How do you know what my mother looks like? I mean, I don't
recognize you from being around here.
Man: Well, I've -- I've seen pictures of her in the newspaper. She has
a face you can't forget.

Theresa: I will make sure that you catch my bouquet at the wedding.
That'll be another good omen for you and Chad.
Whitney: Theresa, there is no me and Chad.
Theresa: Whitney, I kept hoping that you would just change your mind.
Whitney: Well, to be honest with you, I was a little tempted at the
hospital earlier. But I'm telling you, if that car did not kill Simone, me
being with Chad definitely would.
Theresa: But you love him, Whitney, and he loves you.
Whitney: It just doesn't matter how I feel about him. I can't do that
to Simone.
Ethan: Hey, we're here to see our brides!
Luis: And we brought champagne!
Sheridan: No, you can't see us in our gowns!
Theresa: It's bad luck!
Gwen's voice: You've got more bad luck coming your way than you can
possibly imagine, Theresa.
Luis: Aw.
Ethan: Of course they went inside.
Chad: Whitney, look, I want to talk to you.
Whitney: Chad, just don't, ok? I haven't changed my mind. We're still
finished.

Simone: The trip to warlock island sounds like so much fun.
Miguel: Yeah.
Simone: It's so sweet that you guys are going to wait for me until I
get out.
Miguel: Hey, I think my friend Scott's here to give blood. Why don't we
ask him if we can borrow his camp stove?
Charity: Ok.
Miguel: We'll be right back.
Charity: Bye, honey.
Simone: Bye. Thank you for coming to visit.
Charity: Uh-huh.
Kay: Hey.
Simone: Well, you seem different.
Kay: Well, I am. Simone, I got my soul back.
Simone: Kay! Oh, my gosh! That is so wonderful!
Kay: Yeah.
Simone: I am so happy for you.
Kay: Thanks. Well, Father Lonigan said I had a clean slate now and I
can keep it that way if I can resist the temptation to steal Miguel away
from Charity.
Simone: Take that advice, all right? That is good advice.
Kay: Yeah, yeah.
Simone: If I hear you say "I'm going to get Miguel" one more time, I'm
going to throw myself in front of a car. Or you know what? A bus.
Kay: Funny.
Simone: No. I mean, seriously, Kay, if you'd forget Miguel, I mean,
you'll find someone who's going to love you for yourself. Just like Chad
loves me.
Kay: Well, I'm trying to be good. But it gets harder all the time.
Grace: That was incredible.
Sam: There's plenty more where that came from.
Sam: Hey, what's wrong?
Grace: I know it's silly, but I -- I suddenly had the feeling that
danger was close by again.
Sam: Come on. You have no reason to worry. You need to relax. And I
have just the thing -- my special tea. Be right back.
Grace: Sam's right. I don't have anything to worry about. I mean, my
life is perfect. It's going to stay that way.

Jessica: This is your room.
Man: Nice.
Man: Whose house is that over there?
Jessica: Oh, that's Tabitha Lenox's. My family and I are staying there
until we get our house rebuilt.
Man: Hmm. Perfect. This room is absolutely perfect.
Jessica: Well, if you need anything, I'll be downstairs.
Man: Oh, Jessica, can you stay for a moment? There's something I'd like
to discuss with you.

Sam: Grace, you want some cookies with your tea?
Grace: [British accent] that would be lovely.
Grace: [Normal voice] my baby. Something's happened to my baby.
Simone: Kay, the trip to warlock island is going to be so much fun!

Hank: And since I grew up with Luis, I feel like Theresa's my little
sister, so this is definitely a family affair for me.
Theresa: Luis!
Hank: May all of you know only joy and happiness the rest of your
lives. Cheers.
Luis: Cheers!
Chad: Nice. Very nice.
Hank: Thank you.
Luis: Hank, hank, hank, hank? Hank, when you going to find a woman of
your own, man? Come on.
Hank: You never know, buddy.
Luis: Huh?
Hank: You never know.
Luis: Oh.
Gwen: So here's to a wedding that Harmony will never forget.
Luis: Yeah!
Theresa: This is a dream come true.
Luis: Definitely.
Gwen's voice: Not a dream, Theresa -- a nightmare. Your wedding day
will be the worst day of your miserable life.
Simone: What's wrong? You think Chad wouldn't want to go with us
because we're younger than he is?
Kay: No. I was just thinking about Miguel going with Charity.
Simone: Kay, you just got your soul back. I thought you said you were
going to be good.
Kay: Well, I did, but one little sin can't hurt.
Simone: Kay, stealing a guy away from the girl that he loves is not
just a little sin.
Kay: I can't help it. Simone, I love him and he said he loves me.
Simone: As a friend.
Kay: Well, I have to make him mine. And once we get to warlock island,
then --
Simone: Uh-da-da. Don't say it. I don't want to hear it. Uh-uh.
Kay: Simone -- I'm going to get him to make love to me. Once he does,
he'll forget about Charity and be mine forever.
Miguel: Charity? You all right?
Charity: Mm-hmm. It's probably just the air conditioning.
Miguel: Ok. Well, we're going to go ask Scott if we can borrow the camp
stove.
Charity: Ok.
Miguel: All right.
Charity: Bye.
Reese: Bye.
Charity: Bye.
Charity: What does that weird symbol mean? And what could a raven and
-- and two crossed scepters mean?

Tabitha: Charity should be afraid of going to warlock island. Her
horoscope is full of nothing but gloom and doom and kaboom, if you know
what I mean.
Timmy: Is Tabby sure she read the horoscope right?
Tabitha: Of course I'm sure. I've been charting horoscopes for hundreds
of years.
Timmy: Timmy thinks you'd better come take a look at this, Tabby.
Tabitha: Really? Why? Have you seen something I didn't?
Timmy: The horoscope full of gloom and doom isn't Charity's. It's
Tabby's.
Tabitha: Oh, no, Timmy, you're right. Oh, no! We're doomed to kaboom!
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 6/28/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 6/28/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Tabitha: We're doomed, Timmy. Doomed.
Timmy: What's this "we" business? This is Tabby's horoscope, not
Timmy's.
Tabitha: Well, whether you like it or not, your wagon is hitched to my
star -- or in this case, stars. And the alignment of the stars in this
horoscope says that we're doomed.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't want to be doomed.
Tabitha: Do you think I want to be? No, no, no. This can't be right. I
haven't done anything good. Why am I being punished? There must be
something else going on. Someone else must be up to something. They must
be doomed. It can't be us.

Alistair: I want you to take note, Julian. Your father has achieved
genius with this plan.
Julian: Oh, yes, I agree. Genius.
Alistair: I can't wait to see it go into effect. This will guarantee
that Luis Lopez Fitzgerald will never gain access to the Crane secrets.
Julian: Poison.
Alistair: Yes. Once the poison is painted on the inside of Sheridan's
wedding ring and she puts it on -- voila -- in a matter of moments, your
sister is dead.
Julian: As much as I abhor killing my own flesh and blood, I must
commend you, father. It's a master stroke.
Alistair: Of course it is. [Phone rings]
Julian: Julian Crane.
Man: Mr. Crane, Mr. Bradbury here.
Alistair: Ah, the jeweler.
Julian: Yes, Mr. Bradbury, what can I do for you?
Mr. Bradbury: I had a call from Mr. Lopez Fitzgerald. He wants me to
bring the rings to the wedding rehearsal this evening.
Julian: Why?
Mr. Bradbury: He wants his bride-to-be to try her ring on to make sure
it fits. Apparently, your future brother-in-law is quite the
perfectionist. May I drop by and pick up the rings?
Julian: Yes, the rings are here.
Alistair: Perfect. Sheridan will die tonight at the wedding rehearsal.

Sheridan: I just don't know how I'm going to get any sleep tonight.
Luis: You know, I don't think I will, either. But if I do, I'm going be
dreaming about the most beautiful bride in the whole wide world, the
future Mrs. Sheridan Lopez Fitzgerald.
Sheridan: I love the sound of my new name.
Luis: So do I.
Theresa: Do you believe it, Whit? I'm having a double wedding with my
brother. I am marrying the man of my dreams. I told you fate would make it
happen.
Ethan: I think I'm going to make a toast. Everyone, I want to make a
toast to all my friends. To all of you who have stood by me through
everything that has happened lately. I honestly believe without you, I'm
sure that I wouldn't be feeling as happy and as lucky as I feel right now.
To my friends.
Luis: Yeah. Hank: Cheers to that.
Ethan: And to the most beautiful woman in the world, my bride-to-be,
Theresa. And to the two most wonderful words in the English language -- "I
do."
Gwen: I'm sorry, Ethan, but you won't ever say those words to Theresa.
You will say them to me, though.

Miguel: You know, I don't think we have time to go back home. We're due
at the church for the wedding rehearsal.
Charity: Oh, ok. We'll just hurry.
Miguel: Ok.
Kay: Hey, do you guys mind if I go to rehearsal with you? I've never
seen one before.
Charity: Never?
Kay: Well, not for a double wedding.
Miguel: Kay, of course you can go. You're our friend, you know.
Wherever we go, you can go. Right?
Charity: Right.
Miguel: Come on.
Charity: What does that symbol mean?
Ivy: Can you imagine this day ever coming, Pilar? I mean, my son
marrying your daughter?
Pilar: No. Never. Not in my wildest dreams. And to have my son marrying
into the Crane family -- well, that's something I certainly never dreamed
of.
Ivy: Or wished for, I'm sure.
Pilar: It's not Sheridan. I love that girl like she was my daughter.
And I couldn't be happier that she and Luis are getting married.
Ivy: No, no, no. It's Julian and Alistair you're not thrilled with.
Well, believe me, I understand. I feel exactly the Same.
Pilar: They are so against this marriage, and they've tried everything
to try to keep Luis and Sheridan apart.
Ivy: And they failed.
Pilar: But still, I worry.
Ivy: Well, you shouldn't. This is a happy time. Our children are
marrying for love. What more could a mother want?
Pilar: You're right. Love is all that matters. But still, you know, as
a mother, it's going to be difficult to lose my son and my daughter all at
once.
Ivy: You're not losing Theresa and Luis, Pilar. You're gaining a
wonderful son- and daughter-in-law.
Pilar: I know. You're right. And I still have Miguel at home. But the
house -- it's going to seem strange and empty. I just pray to God that he
guides them and protects them.
Ivy: I'm sure he will.
Pilar: Ivy? What is it? Are you thinking about losing Ethan?
Ivy: No. No, I know Theresa will make him very, very happy, and they're
so much in love. It's just, you know, love -- I -- I'm just giving up on
the man that I have always loved and always will love.
Pilar: You mean Sam Bennett?
Ivy: Yes, and it is killing me.

Sam: Grace. Honey, where are you going? What's wrong?
Jessica: No! Please, no! No!
Grace: Something's happened to Jessica. I have to go to her.
Sam: Grace, you have to calm down. What makes you think something's
wrong with Jessica? She's right next door.
Grace: She's in danger, Sam, I know it.
Jessica: Well, if you need anything, I'll be downstairs.
Man: Oh, Jessica? Can you stay for a moment? There's something I'd like
to discuss with you.
Jessica: What do you want to talk about?
Sam: What makes you think Jessica's in danger?
Grace: I -- I don't know. I just feel like she's being threatened
somehow.
Sam: Listen, if it'll make you feel any better, I'll go over there and
check it out.
Grace: Ok, but it's just that so many terrible things have happened to
our family lately. I can't bear the thought of harm coming to any of us.
Sam: The bad times are behind us. I'm not going to let anything happen
to us.
Grace: Yeah, I believe you. I just -- I just want to see for myself
that Jessica's ok.
Sam: Ok. Let's go.

Man: You're a very busy girl, aren't you, Jessica? You do a very good
job of taking care of this place. It's so nice and warm and friendly.
Jessica: Well, I'm glad you think so. Is there something that you
wanted to talk to me about?
Man: Yes, I've -- I've heard all sorts of strange things have happened
around here. Something about a house falling into a sinkhole?
Jessica: Yeah, well, that's what the news called it, but -- actually,
it was our house. It still creeps me out to think about it.
Man: Wow. Your house. I can't even imagine how horrible that was. It
must have been very hard on your mother.
Jessica: It was, but she's doing much better now.
Man: Oh, I'm glad to hear that. I understand that your father's the
chief of police. That must make things a little easier on the family, hmm?

Jessica: Yeah, my dad's great.
Man: Were both your parents born here in Harmony?
Jessica: My dad was. I think my mom's from Boston.
Man: Yes. Boston.

Pilar: Ivy, are you actually saying that you're giving up on Sam?
Ivy: Yes, Pilar. That's what I'm saying.
Pilar: Well, forgive me if I don't believe you. Is this some plea for
sympathy so that you can get me to help you plan a new scheme to get Sam
away from Grace?
Ivy: No, Pilar, this is real. If I had a scheme to get Sam back, I
would use it. But I'm out of schemes. I am out of dreams. I -- oh. Sam and
Grace are back together, and they are more closely bonded than ever.
Pilar: They are? When did this happen?
Ivy: Grace overheard me trying to get Sam to love me again. I'd gone to
the police station, to Sam's room. I took my clothes off, I slipped into
bed while he was asleep. I tried everything to get him to make love to me,
but he ordered me out. So I threatened to walk naked into the precinct
unless he kissed me. Well, he gave into my blackmail and he kissed me, and
Grace walked in.
[Ivy Flashback]Sam: For God's sakes, Ivy, don't you have any shame?
Ivy: Why should I be ashamed of being naked with the man I love?
Sam: Grace, listen to me. You got to believe me.
Grace: No, Sam. Never again.
Ivy: I thought I'd finally won.
Pilar: But what happened when Grace saw you?
Ivy: She ran out of the room. Oh, Sam was furious. He really let me
have it. He told me that he was sick of my manipulations and my tricks, he
was tired of me following him around, trying to force the situation,
trying to make him a willing participant. He told me he didn't love me and
that he only loved Grace and he would never love me. You know, I honestly
thought that if I just could get him to make love to me one more time,
he'd remember what we had and he would want me back.
Pilar: But, Ivy, how did Sam explain it to Grace?
Ivy: He didn't have to. She came back in time to hear him tell me off.
She realized there was nothing between us, and she forgave him.
Pilar: Well, I'm sorry for your pain, but I'm glad for Sam and Grace.
Ivy: I know. I have held onto a foolish dream for over 20 years, but I
am not going to be a fool any longer.
Pilar: It's for the best.

Miguel: Perfect timing.
Luis: Excellent. All right. It looks like we got everyone here, huh?
Let's get this thing started.
Ethan: Kay?
Kay: Yeah?
Ethan: Hey -- you know, it just occurred to me that -- well, you are my
half sister. And I really want to get to know each other better.
Kay: Well, I'd like that. Yeah.
Ethan: Good, because I really want you and Jessica to be a part of our
ceremony.
Kay: Really? Isn't it too late for us to get dresses and everything?
It's --
Ethan: No, no, no. Look, we'll work that out. It's just important that
you're there.
Kay: Well, thanks. We'll be here.
Ethan: Great.
Kay: Ok.
Ethan: See you inside.
Miguel: It's a great idea that you and Jessica are part of the
ceremony. You know, in a way, we're all family. And when Charity and I get
married, you're going to be my cousin-in-law. You know, and since
Theresa's marrying Ethan, that will make you my half sister-in-law. So one
way or another, we're family, tied together forever.
Kay's voice: I can't give in to temptation. I have to be good. I have
to be good.

Sheridan: In less than 24 hours, we'll be working out of this church as
Mr. And Mrs. Luis Lopez Fitzgerald.

Alistair: Now, be very careful, Julian. You must spread the poison on
the inside of the ring, not so thick as to be noticeable but thick enough
to seep into Sheridan's body and take effect immediately.
Julian: But you sure about this poison? What if it just makes her sick?

Alistair: Oh, really, Julian. You know I research things very
thoroughly. When this liquid comes in contact with the chemicals in the
human body, it is instantly lethal.
Julian: Oh. "Till death do us part." How apropos.
Alistair: Yes. Before the night is over, my dear Sheridan, Luis will
have his wish.

Theresa: I'm glad you're making an effort to get to know the Bennett's.
I mean, they're your family.
Ethan: I think I should give them a chance. But I know one thing -- I
will not do to you what Sam Bennett did to his wife. I'll never keep any
secrets from you. I believe in total honesty.
Gwen: Ethan will change his tune when he finds out that Theresa knew
all along he was a Bennett but didn't tell him.
Ethan: Mother, why are you -- you're not supposed to cry at the
rehearsal. That's just for the wedding.

Ivy: Oh, well, I guess I'll have to remember to bring a couple of boxes
of tissues. Ethan.
Father Lonigan: All right. If everyone is here, we should start.
Chad: Hola, mi amigos. Como esta?
Man: Muy bien.
Chad: Muy bien. How you doing, guys? Hey, what's up? Actually, just in
time, too, because we can't have a wedding without music. You guys ready?
Ethan: Chad? A mariachi band?
Chad: Yeah, why not? I mean, I could have gotten, like, Scottish
bagpipes, but I figured these guys could rock the church, you know? As a
matter of fact, why don't you show them a little something right now.
Man: Right now?
Chad: Yeah, right now. [Music plays]
Luis: Hey, hey, hey! Hold it, hold it, hold it! Hold it. Sorry. I love
the music, ok? But -- you guys, come on. I just want to get this ceremony
down. I want everyone to know exactly where they're supposed to be
tomorrow, ok? Sorry.
Ethan: I had no idea your brother was such a stickler for details.
Theresa: He's like a general in the army sometimes. But once you get to
know him, you will see what a lovely and wonderful general he is. He would
lay down his life for Sheridan.
Ethan: I hope that's not necessary.
Luis: Hey, hey. Will you just, you know, get everyone seated, please?[Alistair taps his fingers]
Julian: Please, father, you're making me nervous.
Alistair: Well, hurry up. I think we should go to the church to watch
it happen.
Julian: What, you think that's wise? What if someone sees us?
Alistair: Well, we're her father and brother. What could be more normal
than wanting to secretly watch our beloved Sheridan on the eve of her big
day?
Julian: Are you sure no one's going to know how she died?
Alistair: The beauty if this poison, Julian, is that it's untraceable.
Not even the great chief of police, Sam Bennett, will be able to discover
that we were behind it.

Timmy: Why are Timmy and Tabitha doomed? What's going to happen?
Tabitha: I don't know. All I know is I see a lot of pain and suffering
here.
Timmy: It's not fair. What did Timmy ever do wrong?
Tabitha: Maybe that's the problem. Maybe you haven't done enough bad
things.
Timmy: Oh, no. What if the warlocks on the island are already awake and
trying to kill Timmy and Tabby?
Tabitha: Hold on, Timmy. Maybe I was wrong. When you look at the chart
this way, we're not the ones who are going to suffer, after all.
Timmy: Then who? Oh, no. Whenever Tabitha's happy, it means that other
people are in big, big trouble.

Grace: Jessica? Jessica, where are you?
Sam: Jessica, it's your mom and dad.
Grace: Where is she? She should be --
Jessica: What's wrong? You guys ok?
Grace: Oh, God! Yes, we're fine. Are you all right?
Jessica: I'm fine. Dad?
Sam: We were just worried about you, that's all.
Grace: Well, are you sure you're ok? I mean, what were you doing
upstairs?
Jessica: Mom, relax. I was just showing a guest to his room.
Grace: Ok.
Jessica: Are you guys ok?
Grace: Yeah.
Sam: We're fine.
Grace: I just had this terrible feeling that you were in danger. I
mean, I saw you and you looked terrified, and -- and I saw a gun.
Sam: A gun?
Grace: Yeah.
Jessica: Well, I haven't seen anybody around here with a gun.
Sam: Jess, this new guest seems all right to you, right?
Jessica: He's very nice, dad.
Sam: Ok.
Grace: Are you sure you're ok?
Jessica: Mom, I'm fine. Fine. Are you two ok?
Sam: We're better than ok. Everything is back to normal.
Jessica: Oh, I'm so glad. So everything's ok? Back to normal, right?
Grace: We are back to normal.
Jessica: Well, I'm going to go clean up the kitchen, so see you guys
later.
Sam: Hey, what is it?
Grace: I just suddenly had that feeling again, like there was some
danger nearby.
Sam: Danger to Jessica?
Grace: I don't know. I just suddenly felt a threat from something.

Man: No, I'm not coming back just yet. There's something important that
I have to do here first.

Charity: So, are we going to get married in this church?
Miguel: Absolutely. This is where my parents got married, you know, and
now Theresa and Luis are getting married here. This is our good luck
church.
Charity: Oh, we don't need luck. We have each other.

Kay: This is my first time being at church since I got my soul back,
and I'm a little nervous, but I'm trying so hard to be good. But every
time I see Charity and Miguel kissing, it's like a knife in my heart. And
I was even thinking about doing something bad on our trip, but I know that
I can't, it's not right. Problem is I'm not sure if I can stop myself. Oh,
my God. Is the statue crying? It can't be.

Sheridan: I'm starting to get nervous, Luis. Are you?
Luis: Nervous about what? Nothing's going to stand in our way. There's
nothing to be nervous about. We're going to have the best double wedding
that Harmony has ever seen. People are going to be talking about it for
years to come.[Phone rings]
Alistair: Yes? Fine. Show him in. The jeweler's here to pick up the
rings.
Julian: Good. Happy to be rid of it. [Knock on door]
Julian: Come in. Maid: Mr. Bradbury to see you, sirs.
Alistair: Come in, Bradbury.
Mr. Bradbury: Messieurs Crane. Such a pleasure to see you both again.
Julian: Oh, yes, of course. Good to see you.
Alistair: The rings are here. I know I'm a sentimental fool, but I'm
glad I had the opportunity to see the inscription inside my daughter's
ring, however, please don't mention it to Sheridan. She's superstitious
about that sort of thing.
Mr. Bradbury: Oh, no, absolutely not. My lips are sealed.
Julian: I would just like to make sure of something. There's no chance
of the rings getting mixed up, is there? The inscription is the one that
is Sheridan's correct?
Mr. Bradbury: Oh, not to worry, Mr. Crane, the bride's ring is quite a
bit smaller than the groom's.
Julian: Oh, good. Fine.
Alistair: That will be all.
Mr. Bradbury: Yes, sir. Good-bye. I hope I may be of service to you
again in the future.
Alistair: Yes, thank you. Thank you. It's over, Julian. You can relax
now.
Julian: Forgive me if I am a bit shaken, having just given my sister a
death sentence.
Alistair: It was us or them. There's no turning back now. Once Sheridan
tries on that ring at rehearsal, she's dead.&nbsp;

Tabitha: This is so strange -- the stars, I mean. The alignment of the
stars is very strange, difficult to read. No, no, no, no. Oh, yes. That
could be it.
Timmy: What's princess saying? What could be it?
Tabitha: Well, I don't think it's us, but someone nearby is in imminent
danger.
Timmy: Timmy hopes it's not his beautiful Charity again.
Tabitha: No, no, I don't think it's Charity. Oh, it could be Charity's
aunt Grace who's in danger.
Timmy: In danger from whom? From Sam? Ivy? Julian?
Tabitha: I'm not sure, but it doesn't appear to be anyone we know.

Man: I have to be absolutely sure before I make my move. I can't afford
to make a mistake. Yes, I'll let you know when I'm done.

Sam: Grace, you're still reacting to the stress from everything that's
happened, and that's understandable, but I'm sure there's no one
threatening our family.
Grace: How do you know?
Sam: Ivy finally got the message that I don't want to have anything to
do with her, all right? Jess is right here in the other room. She's fine.
Noah called today. He is fine. And Kay is at the church watching the
wedding rehearsal. We're all fine.
Grace: Ok, I suppose you're right.
Sam: No, I know I'm right. I'll never forgive myself for keeping it a
secret that i was involved with Ivy all those years ago, but the secret is
out now. Thank God. And I want you to know that nothing is ever going to
come between us again.
Grace: I do.

Sheridan: Holy mother, thank you for answering my prayers. When I
prayed to you in Paris to bring love and happiness into my life, you heard
me. It's been a long and difficult journey, but now it's finally over. I'm
finally going to marry a man I know will love and protect me for the rest
of my life. I guess I'm going to have to lose my family, though, to be
with Luis since they can't accept him. But that's something I'm willing to
do, though. If I have to lose my father and brother, so be it. I guess I
was just asking too much to wish that my father could actually wish me
happiness.

Julian: Would you care for a drink, father?
Alistair: No. It's vitally important we keep our wits about us. We
wouldn't want people smelling liquor on our breath as we shed tears over
our dearly deceased. And by golly, I'm not going to miss Sheridan's
funeral this time.
Julian: You talk about your daughter's funeral as if you were talking
about a Broadway play.
Alistair: Well, you have to pay to see a play. This show's for free. Of
course, the star won't be able to make a curtain call.
Julian: Father, how can you be so cold?
Alistair: Haven't you learned anything, Julian? It's survival of the
fittest. There's no room for soft underbellies.
Julian: You're really going to the church to watch her die?
Alistair: I can't depend on you to go alone, can I? No, I want to see
it with my own eyes. Come on, we don't want to miss the main event.
There's no saving your sister this time
.
Sam: You see that pile of lumber over there? That is the beginning of
our new home. They're going to start construction soon, and before you
know it, we're going to have a home again.
Grace: That sounds wonderful.
Sam: Our lives are going to be right back on track.
Grace: I can hardly wait. You know, I never really appreciated how
perfect our life was before until I thought we lost it all. But I promise,
when everything is back to normal, I am going to treasure each and every
day.
Sam: Well, you can start right now because nothing bad is ever going to
happen to us again.
Grace: Sorry.
Sam: I'll get you a glass of water.
Grace: Please.
Sam: Be right back.

Tabitha: Oh, I see lots of pain and suffering, and that's good. And I
also see more than one person in trouble.
Timmy: You mean, not just Grace?
Tabitha: Oh, no. Oh, no, there's going to be a festival of pain this
summer. Grace for sure. And Kay. Kay is going to get in on the act, too.
Timmy: That Kay -- she never learns.
Tabitha: Look, Timmy. Look at this. The stars and the planets are
crossing in a way that they haven't crossed for years -- 100 years. That's
where the pain is going to come from. Theresa will suffer. Major heartache
and agony for her. And there's another name here, too. Ah, of course,
Sheridan. Oh, Sheridan's really in for it. Oh, we've got to get a
front-row seat for this, Timmy. This is going to be a doozy.

Ethan: Chad, I've been thinking -- as soon as this is over, I think we
should break into that tabloid office and find the information about who
sent that e-mail because I still want to know who decided to tell the
whole world that I was Sam Bennett's son and not Julian Crane's.
Chad: Hey, buddy, look, put it out of your mind, all right? Because I'm
already on it. All right? Consider it my wedding present to you. Don't
worry. We'll find the lowlife who sent that e-mail.
Gwen: Wow. Chad is such a good friend to you. I personally can't wait
to find out who destroyed your life.
Luis: All right, everyone, let's gather around for the lineup, huh?
Hank: Ok, coach, who's on first?
Luis: All right, very funny, hank. Why don't you come over here. And
Chad and Whitney, why don't you guys stand right there. Yes.
Chad: Feels good, doesn't it? Us standing here together at the altar?
Luis: Ok, where's my bride?

Ivy: I've looked forward to this since the day Ethan was born.
Pilar: I know. So have I. There's something so satisfying about seeing
your children get married and go start their own families.
Ivy: I know. Oh, if only Sam were here to share it with me. I know. Bad
habit. I'm going to break it. I know Sam may be in my son's life, but he's
out of mine forever. Good-bye, Sam. Good-bye.

Luis: Father, you can begin.
Father Lonigan: I assume the grooms have the rings.
Chad: Yeah, I have Ethan and Theresa's.
Hank: Wait a minute. Luis, you
didn't tell me to pick up the rings.
Luis: I know, hank. I'm having the jeweler drop it off.
Mr. Bradbury: Mr. Lopez Fitzgerald, I have the rings.
Hank: Good save.
Mr. Bradbury: Here you are. Now, you know which ring is which?
Luis: Yeah, of course. Thanks so much for bringing them by.
Luis: You may proceed, father.
Father Lonigan: Remember, my children, that God alone can bring a
marriage into being.
Luis: "Till death do us part."
Father Lonigan: God alone can lay down the conditions in which it will
cease to be.

Timmy: What's wrong?
Tabitha: It was wrong to try to figure out who will suffer from the
constellations. The horoscope isn't clear at all as to whose heart will be
broken or who will writhe in agony or whose life will be destroyed. All
the horoscope tells me is that terrible things will happen to many people
in Harmony.
Timmy: Timmy's just glad it's not going to happen to him or his
princess.
Tabitha: I didn't say that, Timmy. It looks as if we're going to be in
trouble, too.
Timmy: What kind of trouble? What can Timmy and Tabby do to change the
constellations?
Tabitha: From the look of it, we're in for a rough time, Tim Tim.
Timmy: Uh-oh. Something strange is going on at Grace's bed and
breakfast.
Tabitha: Really?

Jessica: Hey, dad, can I go over to the church? I really want to see a
double wedding rehearsal.
Sam: Of course you can. I think your mom and I can take it from here.
Jessica: Thanks. I'm so glad you guys are back together.
Sam: So am I. And you're never going to have to worry about us again.
Grace: Sam's right. There's nothing to be all worried about. Jessica
and the other kids are fine. Sam loves me. What else could I want? There's
nothing to be afraid of now.

Father Lonigan: Almighty God, hear our prayers today for Luis and
Sheridan, for Ethan and Theresa, who have come here today to be united in
the sacrament of marriage. Increase their faith in you and in each other.
Through them, bless your church with Christian children. We ask this in
the name of our father. My children, know that marriage is a contract
resulting not only in a status but in a relationship. A man and a woman
are free either to make or not to make the agreement to marry. But if they
make it --

Julian: This is hard, father. It is harder than I thought it would be.
I don't want to stand here and watch Sheridan die.
Alistair: Be a man, Julian. Have a last look at Sheridan.

Father Lonigan: I will ask you now to present your rings.
Luis: You better try it on for size.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 6/29/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 6/29/01






Proofread by  Elissia



 Timmy: Timmy's not sure what he's looking for.
Tabitha: You're looking for trouble, Timmy -- big trouble. All the
horoscopes say it's going to strike everyone in Harmony, including us.
Timmy: Oh, Timmy hates surprises. He wishes he knew what was going
Tabitha: Well, luckily, I have enough brains for both of us. I've
thought of a way to find out what the future holds.
Timmy: What is it?
Tabitha: it's time for me to have a meeting with our friends in the
basement.
Timmy: Tabby can't go down in the basement. If she does, she may never
come back up.
Tabitha: it's the only way, Timmy. If we're going to learn our fate,
I'm going to have to take a trip down. All the way down.

Luis: Just want to make sure the ring fits. Everything will be perfect
tomorrow.
Chad's voice: Whitney, you can't keep pushing me away like this. I know
you love me as much as I love you.
Miguel: Charity, you all right?
Charity: Mm-hmm. I just got a little lightheaded.
Miguel: Here, come on. Maybe you need some air.
Kay: Please, God, give me strength. I am trying so hard to be good.
Father Lonigan: Luis, repeat after me -- "with this ring, I thee wed."
Luis: With this ring, I thee wed.[Alistair laughs]
Alistair: They really should change the vows. "With this ring, you
shall be dead," is much more appropriate.
Julian: I just don't see how, you can be so cavalier about watching
your own daughter die. I can't bear to look.
Alistair: You know what's worse than watching my daughter die? Watching
my son behave like the miserable wimp he is. Now, suck it up, Julian.
It'll all be over soon. Nothing is going to stop me from putting this ring
on that pretty little finger of yours. Well --

Hank's voice: I bet I can guess what's going through that pretty little
head of yours, Gwen.
Charity: I feel so strange, Miguel. It's almost as If I'm leaving my
body and I'm entering into somebody else's.
Miguel: Well, just take a few deep breaths and you'll be fine.
Luis: Whoa --
Hank: What'd you say about not having jitters?
Luis: Me? I am calm, cool, and collected, all right?
Chad: Oh, yeah, right. We'll believe that when we see you actually put
the ring
Luis: That's exactly what I'm going to do right now.

Timmy: Timmy can't take all this stress. Timmy wishes there were
another way Tabby could find out the future.
Tabitha: Well, there isn't. I've consulted all my tomes, read
horoscopes backwards and forwards -- zilch. If I want to find out what's
ahead, I'm going to have to confer with our comrades.
Timmy: Even If it means meeting up with nasty old Hecuba?
Tabitha: I'm afraid so, Timmy. This is it.
Timmy: Wait! Before princess leaves, there's one thing she has to have.


Julian: I still think murdering Sheridan is a bit extreme, father.
Alistair: Once again, you fail to see the big picture. If Sheridan
marries Luis, then he'll have access to information about his father's
disappearance, and that means disaster for the Crane family.
Julian: But why does she have to die in such a cruel way?
Alistair: Watch out, Julian, or you'll be next.
Julian: it's positively barbaric. To poison her and watch as she'll
writhe in pain as the poison burns through her organs.
Alistair: And the best part is the poison is totally untraceable.
Besides, the coroner's in our pocket, so there won't be a hint of foul
play on the autopsy report. It's a win-win situation all the way around.

Miguel: Charity, are you ok?
Charity: Miguel, I don't know what's happening, but I'm getting an even
stronger sense of being in someone else's body. Oh.
Miguel: Charity! Charity.
Pilar: Oh, Luis -- mijo, wait.
Luis: Mom, what's wrong?
Pilar: You can't put that ring on Sheridan's finger and then take it
off. Ethan, in my family there's a tradition -- as well as in my country,
actually -- that you can't take the wedding ring off because it could
break the bonds of your marriage.
Theresa: Mama, I remember you telling us that when we were kids.
Sheridan, we can't put the rings on our finger. It's bad luck.
Sheridan: Oh, well, I wouldn't think of breaking such a special
tradition.
Luis: I just want to make sure the ring fits. I want everything to be
perfect tomorrow, ok?
Sheridan: Hey, as long as I'm with you, everything will be perfect.
Besides, the jeweler sized my finger. I'm sure it's fine.
Luis: Ok. I'm not going to argue with my soon-to-be wife. I just want
things to run smoothly. You know, you can never be too careful.

Charity: Oh!
Miguel: Charity? Oh, thank God. What happened?
Charity: I don't -- I don't know, Miguel.
Charity: But all of a sudden I feel better.
Miguel: You had me really worried.
Charity: Miguel, it was so strange, but I -- I felt as If I was
experiencing somebody else's sensations.
Miguel: Look, all I know is that you grabbed your stomach in pain like
-- like you were being poisoned or something.

Alistair: Damn that housekeeper and her third-world superstitions. Now
we'll have to wait until tomorrow for Sheridan to meet her maker.
Julian: I certainly don't want to see my sister die, but since I
obviously have no choice, I just want to get it over with. I can't bear
waiting.
Alistair: Poor Julian. Would you like some cheese and crackers to go
along with your whine?
Julian: Actually, I would like to get out of here.

Father Lonigan: Cuban cigars. Hello, Alistair. It's been a long time.
Chad: Hey, Whitney? Come here for a second. You know, that could be us
up there one day.
Whitney: No, Chad, it cannot be us. The promise I made to stay away
from you If my sister pulled through means everything to me.
Chad: But, Whitney, that don't make any kind of sense. I don't love
your sister. I love you, and I know you love me.
Whitney: Nothing you can say is going to change my mind, Chad. It's
over.
Theresa: Whitney. I can't believe it. Tomorrow I'm going to walk into
this church as Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald and walk out of here as Mrs..
Ethan Winthrop.
Whitney: I am really happy for you, Theresa. I know you've dreamed of
this day for such a long time, and it's finally almost here for you.
Theresa: Oh, speaking of, I have one more errand I have to do.
Ethan: Well, why don't you and your maid of honor go take care of that,
and we'll meet you at the book cafe.
Theresa: Great, mm-hmm. Well, come on. I don't want to be late.
Whitney: So, where are we going?
Theresa: Somewhere very important. We're going to the doctor for birth
control. Come on.
Hank: How you holding up, Gwen?
Gwen: Uh, I'm -- I'm fine, thank you.
Hank: Well, you could've fooled me. My guess is that watching your
ex-fiancé about to marry Theresa is tearing you up inside. See, the
clenched fists are a dead giveaway.
Gwen: You know what? You are way off base here.
Hank: I don't think so. You still love Ethan, don't you?

Ethan: Hey, Jessica's here. I want to go say hello.
Chad: All right, cool. I'm going to make some final arrangements with
the mariachi band, all right?
Ethan: Ok.
Chad: All right.
Ethan: Jessica. Hey, I'm glad you could make it.
Jessica: Thanks. I'm happy to be here.
Ethan: Look, I know it's quite a shock to all of us that we found out
we're related.
Jessica: Yeah, you could say that.
Ethan: But I really think that my wedding will give us a chance to be
closer, and I've asked Kay to read a passage tomorrow. Would you like to
read a passage, too?
Jessica: I'd love to.
Ethan: Great, great. Because I really think that this wedding is going
to be a new beginning for all of us.
Jessica: I hope so. I mean, I love my family more than anything, and I
really hope that you come to love them, too, especially now that I know
nothing is going to break up my parents again.

Ivy: I'm so glad that Ethan is reaching out to Kay and Jessica.
Pilar: Well, they are his half-sisters, and I am sure that they will do
everything they can to make him feel part of the Bennett family.
Ivy: I hope so. I don't want Ethan to feel alone like I do since I've
given up on having Sam's love.
Pilar: I know that's difficult for you.
Ivy: Oh, it feels like a part of me has died, Pilar. You know, I --
honestly, I feel like I have nothing to live for.
Pilar: Please, don't talk like that, especially in church. I know it's
difficult, but giving up Sam -- it's for the best.
Ivy: My life is ruined, Pilar. I've lost Sam, and everything's changed
with Ethan. I mean, I know he still loves me, but since he found out about
my secret, I can see the look of betrayal in his eyes.
Pilar: Trust me, you will get through this difficult time.
Ivy: I don't know, Pilar. Once Julian divorces me, I won't have the
Crane money and power. I will truly have nothing.
Father Lonigan: it's been many years, Alistair. How long since you set
foot in a church?
Alistair: If my memory serves me correctly, which it always does, the
last time was when you married me.
Father Lonigan: As I recall, you did not attend your wife's funeral.
Alistair: I do not choose to socialize with those who take away what's
mine.
Father Lonigan: You mean God. God has a plan for each of us, Alistair.
We cannot always figure out why.
Alistair: I didn't come here for a sermon.
Father Lonigan: Why did you come here?
Alistair: To see my daughter marry the man she loves.
Father Lonigan: I hope that is your only motive. Sheridan has told me
you are trying to break her and Luis up.
Alistair: Let me make something perfectly clear to you, father. God may
rule heaven, but Alistair Crane rules on earth.

Sheridan: I can't wait to be your wife.
Luis: I promise to make all your dreams come true tomorrow. As for, ht,
ht, I thought we could just spend a little quiet, romantic evening back at
the cottage.
Sheridan: I'm sorry, Luis, but we can't be together tonight. In fact, I
want you to move out of the cottage.

Miguel: Hey. Are you sure you're ok now, Charity? And are you still
feeling this sensation of being in somebody else's body?
Charity: No, not anymore, Miguel. But I can't shake the feeling that
something really terrible is going to happen. [Sheridan screams]
Miguel: Charity, what is it? Are you having another premonition?

Timmy: Before princess goes down under, Timmy wanted to share one last
marTimmy. It may be a while before Timmy sees his princess again.
Tabitha: Oh, don't go getting all sappy on me.
Timmy: Timmy will wait for his princess, no matter how long she's gone.

Tabitha: Of course you will, batting-for-brains. I'm your only friend.
And If by any chance I don't come back, you have my permission to live the
good life courtesy of "hidden passions" royalties.
Timmy: it won't be the Same without Timmy's princess.
Tabitha: Oh.
Timmy: But Timmy will try to have fun in Tahiti.
Tabitha: Tahiti? Ha. Didn't take you long to figure out your agenda.
Well, here goes.
Theresa: Hello, I'm Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald. I'm here to see Dr.
Stevens.
Nurse: Oh, she'll be with you shortly. In the meantime, look through
this brochure. It will explain the various methods of birth control.
Theresa: Thank you.
Nurse: Mm-hmm.
Theresa: This is so exciting. Tomorrow night I'm going to make love to
Ethan for the first time.
Whitney: Are you nervous about this?
Theresa: Yeah. But I know Ethan is going to make it so special for me.
And after we make love, we'll truly be joined forever, and nothing will be
able to separate us.
Whitney: it must be really incredible to have that kind of bond.
Theresa: it is. And our bond will get even stronger when we have lots
and lots of babies.
Whitney: Ok, well, I don't understand that. I mean, how are you going
to have a lot of children if you're here getting birth control?
Theresa: Well, we can't afford to start a family right away. I mean --
but soon. I mean, Ethan's going to have a ton of job interviews really
soon.
Whitney: Well, it definitely sounds like you got it all planned out.
Theresa: I do. The only thing I don't know is what type of birth
control to use. I mean, what do you think?
Whitney: Oh, I haven't a clue. And now that Chad and I aren't

Chad: Man, I was hoping we could chill out on your last day of freedom,
but Beth's having a hard time hiring help.
Ethan: Really?
Chad: Yeah.
Ethan: Well, maybe I should put in a job application.
Chad: Yeah, right. Kid from the streets and an Ivy league lawyer
bussing tables together. That would be the day, man.
Ethan: Well, based on the way my job search is going, that day may not
be too far off.
Chad: I don't get it, man. I mean, all those big-shot firms should be,
like, fighting over you.
Ethan: Well, I don't think i wanted to believe it at first, but a good
buddy of mine from law school told me that all the big firms are afraid to
hire me. They're scared that the Cranes are going to retaliate.
Chad: You mean you still got to worry about those bastards? Man, you
should just go to Julian and his pops and tell them to, like, back off.
Ethan: That's not going to stop them. You know, I'm an outsider now,
and Cranes treat an outsider however they damn well please.
Chad: I'm sorry, man. And I know you could use the money now that
you're about to tie the knot.
Ethan: it's all going to work out. I'll probably just open up a
practice of my own here in town.
Chad: Sounds like a great idea.
Ethan: Yeah. And then, you know, Theresa and I will have to wait to
start a family, but, you know, once it gets off the ground -- nothing's
going to destroy our happiness.

Hank: Are you still in love with Ethan?
Gwen: You know, my feelings for Ethan are none of your concern.
Hank: That's where you're wrong. Luis is my best friend, and like i
said before, I don't want you hurting his little sister.
Gwen: The only thing you need to know is that Theresa is responsible
for the e-mail. Ethan and Theresa are in love, ok? There's nothing that I
can do to break them up. And for the record, I really have no desire to.
It's time for me to move on.
Hank: Good. Because true love always wins out.
Gwen: I've always thought the Same thing.
Hank: Now, that's enough serious talk for one day. I've got a
proposition.
Gwen: Oh, really?
Hank: Yeah. Well, you're the maid of honor. I'm the best man. What do
you say we go out for a drink together?
Gwen: How does "not a chance" sound to you?
Hank: You can't blame a guy for trying.

Jessica: Guess what. Ethan asked me to be a part of the wedding. He
wants both of his half-sisters to read a passage, so --
Charity: That is really wonderful, Jessica. I'm so happy that you get
to be part of the wedding. Kay's voice: Remember, Kay, you promised to be
good.
Miguel: Are you ok?
Kay: Um, sure. You know, there's just a lot more decorating to be done,
that's all.
Luis: You want me to move out of the cottage?
Sheridan: Well, yeah, just for tonight.
Luis: Oh, ok.
Sheridan: I mean, it's tradition that the bride and groom are apart the
night before the wedding. Look, you know I want this to be the wedding of
your dreams, right?
Sheridan: Mm-hmm.
Luis: The Idea of spending one night without you, it's -- well, it's
sheer torture. So, come on, what do you say we just buck tradition, huh?
Sheridan: it's going to be just as hard for me. But we're going to do
this right. And besides, after tomorrow, we are never going to be apart.
Luis: Well, ok. We're going to spend the rest of our lives together.
Sheridan: Mm-hmm.

Alistair: The next time Sheridan leaves this church, it'll be in a body
bag.
Julian: That's enough, father. I must go. I feel like every statue in
this place is looking into my soul. It's unnerving.
Alistair: If you want to be my heir and the head of Crane industries
someday, you'd better get rid of your conscience.
Julian: Business is one thing, but to stand in church before God and
plan a murder is quite another.
Ivy: What are Julian and Alistair doing here? They certainly don't
condone Luis and Sheridan's marriage.
Pilar: I still can't believe the level that Julian stooped to try and
break them up, and I am sure it was all with Alistair's blessings! What
are you two doing here? I demand to know what you're up to?
[honking]
Timmy: What's that horrible honking?
Tabitha: Oh! [Tabitha coughs]
Tabitha: Oh.
Timmy: Tabby's back! And she's got a makeover.
Tabitha: Cool it, doll face. I'll throw you down there next time.
Timmy: What did your friends in the basement say?
Tabitha: They didn't say anything. They gave me this.
Timmy: it's a goose. And it's cooked.
Tabitha: indeed it is, Timmy. Indeed it is.

Charity: I wonder what it's going to be like when you and I stand up
there at the altar and exchange our vows.
Miguel: I'll tell you exactly what it's going to be like. We'll promise
to love and honor and cherish each other forever.

Father Lonigan: I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the
bride.
Pilar: What are you doing here?
Alistair: Why, Pilar, you should know that all of God's children are
welcome here.
Pilar: You'd better not be trying to hurt my children. If you do
anything to them, I swear I will destroy you.
Julian: Oh, such talk from the hired help.
Pilar: I may have to answer to you in your home, but this is God's
house. We are equals. I am warning you -- back off. I know you already
tried to break up Luis and Sheridan with your sick Imposter scheme.
Julian: I was simply trying to protect my sister.
Ivy: Oh, please. Why don't you try telling the truth for once.
Julian: Oh, don't make me laugh. This from the woman who tried to pass
her bastard son off as my own flesh and blood.
Alistair: Julian, I think it's time for us to admit defeat. It's true,
Pilar. We did try to split up Luis and Sheridan.
Pilar: And I know exactly why. You are afraid that Luis will find out
what happened to my husband once he marries Sheridan.
Alistair: My only concern is for my dear daughter. Sheridan has a
history of being unstable, and I wasn't sure she was ready for marriage.
But it's clear we have lost.
Pilar: You'd be wise to remember that. And as for the wedding, don't
bother to come. You are not welcome.
Alistair: As you wish, Pilar.

Luis: You know, I think I'm going to need a few kisses to get me
through this long night alone.
Sheridan: Oh, I can definitely handle that request.
Luis: Come to think of it, you know -- well, the night is still young.
We have plenty of time before i have to move out.
Sheridan: Really?
Luis: Yes.
Sheridan: What did you have in mind?

Ethan: Hey, Chad, listen, don't tell Theresa that I'm having problems
finding a job. We -- we talked about having children right away, and I
just don't want to upset her.
Chad: Hey, I promise, man. I won't say a word. And I haven't forgotten
about my other promise, either. Before the wedding, I am going to find out
who sent that e-mail to the tabloid about you being chief Bennett's son,
all right?
Ethan: That's great. But you know, Chad, don't you think you should
spend more time trying to work things out with Whitney?
Chad: Man, I would happily spend the rest of my life trying to make
things right. Only except I know it wouldn't change a damn thing.
Ethan: The right woman can change everything.
Chad: I'm not so sure anymore that Whitney's the right woman.
Ethan: What are you talking about? You love her.
Chad: Yeah. Yeah, I do. But If she can just toss me to her sister like
I'm just an old sweater or something, then maybe she don't really love me.
Hey, how you doing? I'll be right with you, ok? For you I could wait all
day.
Whitney: Ok, I'm dying to know. It has to feel strange to be carrying
around actual birth control in your purse.
Theresa: Well, no, it doesn't feel strange. It just -- it feels so
wonderful to know that soon Ethan and I are going to make love. Listen,
don't tell Ethan about the birth control.
Whitney: Well, why not?
Theresa: Well, we had talked about having children right away, and
he'll feel bad that we don't have enough money to start a family just yet.

Whitney: Ok. I won't say a word.
Theresa: Thanks.
Theresa: Baby! Did you miss me?
Ethan: Hey. Yeah, only every second you were gone.
Hank: If I could only be a fly on that wall.
Gwen: Bless me, father, for I have sinned. It's been -- oh, a long time
since my last confession.
Father Lonigan: What sins have you come to confess, my child?
Gwen: I've done something, and two people who love each other are going
to get hurt.
Father Lonigan: Did you purposely set out to cause them pain?
Gwen: Yes, father, but they've hurt me, too.
Father Lonigan: Please go on. Tell me what you've done.
Gwen: I secretly told the tabloid that the letter revealing Ethan's
paternity came from Theresa's computer.
Father Lonigan: Ethan and Theresa are about to be married. You must
stop this Immediately.
Gwen: But If I do, I will never get Ethan back.
Father Lonigan: it is not right to interfere with a loving
relationship. You must stop this, or I cannot give you absolution.
Father Lonigan: Please, dear lord, guide her away from evil.
Hank: That was a fast confession. So, fess up -- did Father Lonigan
cleanse your soul?

Charity: The wedding's going to be so beautiful.
Jessica: Yeah, and fun, too. Come on, Kay, let's dance.
Kay: Jess, I --
Miguel: Come on.
Charity: Hold on. Let me fix this, ok? [Sheridan screams]
Charity: No.
Miguel: You're having that premonition again, aren't you?
Charity: Oh, Miguel, it's worse than before.
Miguel: Look, I think it would help If you tell me about it.
Charity: Miguel, it's so awful. Sheridan is standing up there at the
altar in her wedding gown, and she's in so much pain. She's writhing in
agony as If she's about to die. Miguel, what If this comes true?
Miguel: it won't, all right? Nothing can hurt Sheridan and Luis now.

Alistair: Pilar Lopez Fitzgerald needs to be taught her place. How dare
a mere servant speak to me like that?
Julian: Ivy and her merry maid have always walked around here as If
they owned the place.
Alistair: Well, I have more important things to worry about than the
hired help. It looks like we'll have to wait until tomorrow for Sheridan
to die.
Julian: You don't need to remind me, father. Once Sheridan slips that
ring on her finger, she'll take her last breath.
Alistair: it's Ironic, isn't it? The happiest day of Sheridan's life
will be her last.
Julian: "Ironic" is hardly the word I would choose. "Diabolical" and
"wicked" are a bit more on target. Father, it's not too late to stop this
horrific scheme.
Sheridan: I can't think of anything more perfect than falling asleep in
your arms every night and waking up in them every morning.
Luis: Yeah. When I put this ring on your finger tomorrow, we're going
to be together forever. Just like the ring says, "till death do us part."
[music plays]
Jessica: Come on, Kay. Dance with me.
Kay: Jessica, I'm really not in the mood, ok?
Jessica: Oh, why not? It was so cool of Ethan to ask us to be a part of
the wedding. And besides, there probably won't be another one until
Charity and Miguel get married.
Kay: Yeah, well, that's not going to happen for a long time, ok?
Jessica: Uh-uh, not the way i saw them looking at each other. My bet is
that they won't wait till they're 18.
Miguel: Why don't we dance? Maybe it'll take your mind off your
premonitions.
Charity: Love to.
Miguel: Remember when i taught you how to dance when you first came to
Harmony?
Charity: Of course I do. You were so very sweet and patient with me.
Miguel: Can I have this dance?
Kay: Ow.

Hank: So, is your soul crystal-clear?
Gwen: My soul is just like everyone else's. We're all sinners.
Hank: I guess some people just look better doing it. And looking as
good as you do, you'll have no problem finding love again.
Father Lonigan: Hank, I heard you talking.
Hank: Father.
Father Lonigan: Yes. Would you please make sure that everyone has the
passages we'll be reading tomorrow?
Hank: No problem, father.
Father Lonigan: I recognized your voice when I came out of the
confessional.
Gwen: Everything I told you was in confidence, right?
Father Lonigan: As a priest, I cannot repeat what you've confessed. But
I urge you not to break up Ethan and Theresa.
Gwen: I'll think it over.
Gwen: I'm sorry, but nothing is going to stop me from getting Ethan
back.

Whitney: Listen, you guys, I think I have to go, ok?
Theresa: Whitney, it's obviously killing you to see Chad talking to
another woman, so stop torturing yourself. Just go to him.
Whitney: Theresa, you know I can't do that.
Theresa: Yes, you can. You love him and he loves you. Now, this is
crazy for you to give him up because of a promise that you made to Simone
-- a promise that she didn't even hear.

Ivy: Oh, Julian and Alistair. Oh, they spread such cheer wherever they
go.
Pilar: You know, in spite of everything, I believe Julian has always
cared for you. He will take you back.
Ivy: No. Julian would never forgive me for trying to pass Ethan off as
a Crane. You've worked for them for years, Pilar. You know what family
means to them.
Pilar: Yes, I do. But your other children are part of that family, and
they need their parents to be together. Man: Mrs. Julian Crane?
Ivy: Yes?
Ivy: Well, there's no going back, Pilar. It seems Julian has served me
with divorce papers.

Julian: We can -- we can stop this right now. I'll just call the
jeweler, have him get the rings back, and we can exchange them for the
lovely poison-free variety.
Alistair: You will do no such thing.
Julian: But I'm sure there are other ways to keep Luis from snooping
into the Crane family secrets.
Alistair: Oh, stop sniveling like a baby, Julian. As long as Sheridan
lives, Luis is a threat to this family. Once Sheridan dies, her low-rent
lover will be consumed with grief, and I'll finally be rid of them both.

Luis: This is going to be the longest night of my life.
Sheridan: Mine, too. But I will be dreaming of you, and tomorrow all of
our dreams will come true.
Luis: Yippee. And after tonight, we'll never have to be apart again.
Sheridan: Uh-uh.

Tabitha: Well, according to my horoscope, there's going to be more than
one cooked goose around here -- namely you and me.
Timmy: No! Does Tabby's horoscope still predict gloom and doom for
everybody else in Harmony?
Tabitha: indeed they do, Timmy. Well, I couldn't give a fig about those
goody-goodies in Harmony. It's us I'm worried about.
Timmy: What's going to happen, princess?
Tabitha: I don't know, doll face. But the terror is about to begin, and
I'm powerless to stop it. We're all in for the wildest ride of our lives,
Timmy.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 7/2/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 7/2/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Timmy: What's this?
Tabitha: Oh. Oh, no, Timmy! No, no! Oh!
Demon: Tabitha Lennox!
Timmy: It knows your name, princess!
Tabitha: Yes. Yes, dark forces, I heard you. I'm at your service. What
is it that you want me to do?
Demon: Where is the pain? Where is the suffering?
Tabitha: Well, all the horoscopes that I charted say that abject misery
is on its way.
Demon: No! It must be here now! You must not let happiness take root or
allow love to bloom! You must destroy it all now, Tabitha Lennox, or be
destroyed yourself!
Charity: Hey, you know, I've never been to a bridal shower.
Miguel: I hope yours is next.
Kay: I have to be good. I have to be good. I just don't think I can do
this. Miguel is mine. He belongs to me.
Sam: Oh, nice.
Grace: I love everything about weddings. I mean, you know, they're such
happy, romantic occasions. This one's going to be perfect.
Sam: But no wedding will ever compare to yours and mine. That was the
happiest day of my life.
Man: So that's your husband, Grace.

Ethan: So, big night, huh? Are you ladies ready for the bachelorette
party?
Theresa: It's going to be so fun, isn't it, whit?
Whitney: Yeah. It's going to be fun.
Theresa: Well, I can't wait. Only bad thing is that you and i won't be
together.
Ethan: Well, after tonight, we'll be together forever. I'm going to go
pay the bill. Be right back.
Theresa: Ok. You know you still love Chad. Don't you? Whitney, I can
see it in your eyes. Tell him. Tell him how you feel. The two of you could
get back together again.

Ivy: Ugh! I cannot believe Julian did this to me! Had a flunky serve me
with divorce papers! Oh, well, if he thinks he is going to cast me aside,
just put me away, he has got another think coming! I am not going
anywhere! There will be no divorce!

Luis: Ok. I guess this is it. Hey, but you know what?
Sheridan: Hmm?
Luis: The next time I see you, you're going to be walking down the
aisle on the way to becoming my wife.
Sheridan: And it can't come soon enough for me.
Luis: Hey, you know what, though? The thought just hit me -- you know,
I could come here after the bachelor party, you know?
Sheridan: No, you couldn't. Much as I would love it, there is no way
you are staying here tonight. It's bad luck to break
Luis: Ok. But you got to make me a promise, then. After tonight, we'll
never spend a night without each
Sheridan: I promise. I never want to be away from you.

Alistair: Calm down, Julian.
Julian: How calm do you expect me to be when we're about to kill my own
sister?
Alistair: I'm through discussing this. We are implementing the plan.
Sheridan's wedding ring has been painted with poison, and when Luis slides
it onto her finger, she will die. Luis will never get over it, and I'll be
rid of them both once and for all.

Luis: Well, I guess I should go.
Sheridan: Yes, you really should. [Knock on door]
Sheridan: Who is it?
Hank: It's Hank.
Luis: Whoo. Hello.
Hank: Sorry to take your man away from you, Sheridan, but it's party
time.
Sheridan: Well, he was just leaving. Weren't you, Luis?
Luis: Was I?
Hank: It's not like you two aren't going to see each other soon. By my
clock, it's only a few hours.
Sheridan: Even that seems like forever.
Luis: Yeah.
Hank: Ugh. You know, I'm going to go wait in the car. But seriously, we
got to get going. The guys are waiting at the youth center.
Luis: All right. Wow. I guess this is it till tomorrow.
Sheridan: I guess so.
Luis: Have fun at your shower.
Sheridan: Hey.
Luis: What?
Sheridan: It just hit me -- are you guys going to have a stripper at
your party tonight? Those guys got planned, but -- I don't know. You know
what? I don't even think they do that anymore.
Sheridan: I don't know. Those bachelor parties get pretty wild.
Luis: No, trust me. This one will be tame.
Sheridan: But, still, why don't you let me hold on to the rings
tonight. I'll make sure Miguel gets them before the ceremony.
Luis: Wow.
Sheridan: I can't wait for you to put this on my finger.

Alistair: As soon as Sheridan is dead, our problems will be over. Never
again will we have to worry about Luis trying to dig up Crane family
secrets and finding out what really happened to his father.
Julian: God forbid he ever discovers that.
Ivy: Oh. Oh, you bastard! You are not going to get away with this!

Demon: Destroy love, Tabitha Lennox! Destroy happiness!
Tabitha: I'm working on it!
Demon: Work harder, or you yourself will be annihilated!
Timmy: Anni-- annihilated? Timmy does not like the sound of that.
Tabitha: Oh, you think I do? I'm having palpitations.
Timmy: Well, stop palpitating and tell Timmy what's going on. Who was
that?
Tabitha: That was a representative from the dark side. Our friends in
the basement aren't happy. They want more pain and more suffering.
Timmy: But Timmy thought the horoscopes predicted all kinds of misery.
Tabitha: Yes, but that prediction included me. I was supposed to
suffer, too. So we have to be very careful and not upset our friends in
the basement any more than they already are. [Noise]
Tabitha: What was that?
Timmy: Oh, don't tell Timmy the thing's come back!
Tabitha: No, no, no, that's downstairs. [Music plays] [laughter]
Timmy: Music. Laughter. The kids are back! And they're having fun!
Tabitha: Fun? Fun? Oh, no, Timmy, that's terrible! Now, we've got to do
something and fast. Our friends in the basement want shrieks of pain and
moans of suffering. They want tears, not laughter.

Sam: Hey, you.
Grace: Oh!
Sam: How are you doing, Mrs. Bennett?
Grace: Well, how does it look like I'm doing, Mr.. Bennett?
Sam: Absolutely fantastic. No more strange vibes?
Grace: No, not a one. I don't know what it was. Nothing, I guess.
Sam: Nothing. Good.
Tabitha: What on earth is going on here?
Grace: Oh, Tabitha, I'm so sorry. I meant to ask you, but we were so
busy getting ready.
Tabitha: For what?
Grace: Well, I'm throwing a bridal shower for Theresa and Sheridan. I'd
have it at my own house if i had a house. I hope you don't mind.
Tabitha: Mind? Oh, no. Why should i mind? I'm sure it'll all be
frightfully festive.
Grace: Good, then i hope you'll be there.
Tabitha: Who me?
Grace: Yeah, it'll be fun.
Tabitha: There's that word again. We have to find a way to end all this
fun or our friends in there going to get very very angry!
Sam: Whoa.
Grace: Oh.
Sam: Hey, listen, Miguel and I are going to head over to Luis and
Ethan's party.
Grace: Ok, well, give them my love.
Sam: Maybe I'll sneak into your room later.
Grace: Ooh, I'll wait up.
Miguel: Have a good time tonight.
Charity: Aw. I'm going to try, but I'll miss you.
Miguel: Me, too. I'll see you f in the morning.
Charity: Ok.
Miguel: Bye.
Charity: Bye.
Grace: Well, you guys have a good time.
Sam: We'll see you soon, and you girls have a good time tonight.
Miguel: Good night, Mrs. Bennett.
Grace: Bye.
Miguel: Let's do it.
Grace: Strange. Just got that Same feeling, like something's about to
happen.
Theresa: Whitney, I know that you still love Chad. So don't let him go.
Tell him how you feel.
Whitney: Theresa, I can't. I promised that if my sister pulled through
I would end things with Chad. Now Simone is alive, and I'm going to keep
my word. Besides, it seems like Chad is doing just fine without me.
Theresa: No, he isn't. He's just talking to that girl. She means
nothing to him.
Ethan: Ladies, we'd better get going if we want to make our
bachelorettes' and bachelor parties tonight.
Theresa: Are you ready?
Chad: Hey, dude. You ready to rock 'n' roll?
Ethan: After I give this beautiful woman one last kiss.
Theresa: Thank you.
Chad: Whitney -- enjoy your party.
Whitney: Well, you too, Chad.

Mort: "Daily private lives."
Gwen: I believe you and I have spoken before.
Mort: Yeah, and I've been
waiting for your call.
Gwen: Does that mean you have evidence? That you can prove Theresa
Lopez Fitzgerald sent the e-mail confirming that Ethan was Sam Bennett's
son?
Mort: Well, actually, the only thing I was able to confirm was that
the e-mail came from Theresa's computer.
Gwen: So you're going to run the story?
Mort: Damn right we are. I just
wish I could see Ethan's face when he finds out that the person who ruined
his life was his fiancée.
Gwen: Yeah, that should be a sight to see. That's a moment that I'm not
going to miss. I can't wait to see Theresa get what she deserves.

Hank: All right, all right. I think I'll take it easy on you, seeing
you're going to have to save your energy for your wedding night.
Sam: Ooh!
Chad: That's a challenge, man. That's a challenge.
Luis: I'm not even going to break a sweat shutting you down!
Chad: Oh, that's fighting words.
Luis: Yeah. Oh, there it goes! See what happens.
Sam: You got it. Come on.
Chad: Clash of the titans.
Sam: Take him. Take him.
Luis: Whoa -- oh!
Chad: So tomorrow is your big wedding night, too, brother. How do you
feel? You ready?
Ethan: It seems like I've been waiting forever to be with Theresa.
Chad: That's a first for you, huh? I mean, you know, having to wait to
make love to a woman you were already in love with?
Ethan: Well, I sure didn't wait with Gwen.
Chad: Well, I feel you, man. I feel you. I never really waited much
either, you know? I mean, you know, I'd meet a girl, we'd hit it off, end
up in bed, you know? It's always been like that. But this relationship
with Whitney, man, has been -- it's been a lot different.
Ethan: Hmm. Yeah, well, you know, as surprised as I am to say this, I'm
glad i waited with Theresa. It's just going to make our wedding night that
much more special for her and for me.
Chad: That's nice, man. I don't think I'll ever have a chance to be
with Whitney. She don't want nothing to do with me.
Ethan: Look, she still cares about you, Chad. She's going to change her
mind.
Chad: Well, I ain't counting on it, all right? I mean, you know, I
still love her and everything, but, you know, it's time to face reality. I
ain't going to wait around for something that ain't going to happen, you
know? Yeah, so it's time to move on.
Luis: Oh!

Ivy: Have me served with divorce papers? How dare you!
Alistair: Oh, come now, Ivy. You're a bright woman. You couldn't
possibly think Julian would stay married to a woman who tried to pass off
another man's bastard son as a Crane?
Ivy: You are despicable.
Alistair: Be that as it may, Julian made his intentions clear from the
start. He's going to divorce you.
Julian: The sooner, the better.
Ivy: Oh. That isn't going to happen, Julian. I won't allow it!
Julian: Brava. Brava. Oh, I love that fire, dear. Too bad you didn't
have a touch of it in the bedroom, but the truth is you're a cold fish.
Ivy: Oh, really, Julian? Or is it just that you leave women cold?
Julian: Unfortunately, your little outburst is all for naught. I don't
need your approval to get a divorce. It matters not one whit what you
want. I'm going to rid myself of you as fast as i possibly can. In fact,
I'm going to the islands in a couple of days to take care of it
personally. You're done for, finished. There's not a damn thing you can do
about it.
Ivy: Well, we'll see about that. [Julian laughs]
Alistair: Well done, Julian. For once you've shown some backbone. Now I
expect you to show the Same strength as we move forward on the Sheridan
matter. There will be no waffling or dragging one's feet. You will kill
her.
Julian: Father, you're talking about my sister.
Alistair: She is also my daughter, but you don't see me getting
emotional, having a bout of conscience.
Julian: No. I don't see that.
Alistair: Of course not. I don't let emotions get in the way.
Julian: That's true.
Alistair: I take whatever steps necessary to protect my family and
myself, even if it means killing my own flesh and blood.

Pilar: Mrs. Crane? What is it?
Ivy: Oh, it's just -- everything's falling apart, Pilar. I mean, I've
-- I've lost it all. I -- I've lost Sam, the only man i have ever loved,
and now Julian is going to divorce me and there's nothing I can do about
it.
Pilar: Perhaps it is for the best. I despise that man. It's just, you
know, my life, my position. I'm going to lose it all, and -- and now what
little bit I have left -- that's going to be taken away, too.
Pilar: You are a strong woman, Mrs. Crane. You will get through this.
You know, maybe it's not a good idea that you go to the bridal shower. It
may be difficult for you.
Ivy: No, Pilar. I have to go.
Pilar: You do realize that Grace is the one giving the party, and since
Sam and her are back together, she will be glowing with love and
happiness, and for you to see that --
Ivy: No, I need to go. I need to -- I need to talk to Grace. There are
some things we have to discuss.

Sheridan: Grace, you all right?
Grace: I don't know. I keep having this strange feeling like -- like
something's going to happen. I just don't know what.
Sheridan: I'm sure you're just tired. I mean, you've worked so hard
putting this party together.
Grace: You're right. I'm probably just tired.
Sheridan: I am so glad that your fortune was right -- two brides for
two grooms.
Theresa: Oh, it's going to be the most wonderful day ever. And then the
wedding night -- it'll be the first time that Ethan and I make love. It'll
be the first time that I've ever made love. I want everything to be
perfect, Sheridan.
Sheridan: Oh, it will be, honey. I was nervous the first time i made
love to Luis.
Theresa: You were?
Sheridan: Yeah. I mean, you know, the first time you make love to the
man you love, it -- it's so special that you just want everything to be
perfect. Sometimes I kind of wish Luis and I had waited -- you know, so
our wedding night was our first time together.
Theresa: Well, I'm glad that we waited, and even more glad that i don't
have to wait much longer. I love Ethan so much. [Roar]
Whitney: What in the world was that? Sounded like it came from the
basement or something.
Tabitha: Oh, that? That's nothing to worry about. That's just probably
my old pipes again. Jessica: Hot stuff!
Theresa: Whoo!
Charity: Come and excuse me.
Whitney: Oh, my --

Tabitha: Big trouble is coming. Mark my words, Timmy -- big, big
trouble.

Sam: Whoa, there he goes.
All: Oh! No
Sam: Yeah, sure you would've.
Chad: Hey, just a little more practice, Reese.
Luis: Yeah, that jumper's really coming along, bro.
Ethan: Reese, one of these days, you're going to hit one.
Miguel: Yeah. Just make sure it's not against me, ok?
Sam: Well, I hate to cut this evening short, gentlemen, but I've got to
take some more sodas over to the girls' shower. I promised Grace I'd be
over there before it got too late.
Luis: Yeah? Well, I guess I'm going to pack it in, too.
Chad: Aw --
Hank: You packed it in a long time ago, ace.
Sam: Ooh.
Luis: Bro, how are you even going to say that? I stuffed you like,
what, a hundred times?
Hank: In your dreams, man!
Chad: Dude, I don't know what he's talking about.
Sam: Hey, good luck tomorrow.
Ethan: Oh. Thanks, Sam. Thanks a lot.
Sam: Hey, i heard that you asked Kay and Jessica to be part of the
wedding.
Ethan: Yeah.
Sam: Well, I really appreciate that.
Ethan: Well, I'm happy they could be a part of it.
Sam: Look, I only want the best for you, Ethan. And I'm sure that you
and Theresa are going to have a lifetime of happiness together.
Ethan: Thanks. That means a lot.
Sheridan: Uh-oh, this looks dangerous! Jessica: Ow!
Charity: Whoo!
Grace: Definitely dangerous.
Charity: Oh, my. Aw, guys, look how cute he is. How cute are you?
Timmy's voice: She thinks Timmy's cute!
Theresa: Oh, mama!
Whitney: Oh, no!
Theresa: Close your eyes because this is even more dangerous than
Sheridan's. Ah!
Pilar: My little girl.
Theresa: Tomorrow I'm a married woman, mama. Jessica: Here. Open mine
next.
Theresa: Ok.
Sheridan: Oh!
Theresa: Oh, Jessica! Jessica: It's a love candle. What you do is you
light it the night before you get married, and if it burns down by itself,
then your love is meant to be forever. But if it burns out before then,
you know --
Theresa: Oh, Ethan's and my love is forever. Jessica: I'm so glad to
hear it.
Theresa: Thanks.
Gwen: Yeah, that's what you think.
Theresa: Does anyone have a match? I want to light the love candle.
Whitney: Oh, you know what? I saw some in the kitchen. I'll go get
some.
Theresa: All right, I'm coming. Come on.

Tabitha: Poor little lad. You must be utterly humiliated with all these
stupid bows plastered all over you.
Timmy: Humiliated? Is tabby kidding? Charity called Timmy cute!
Tabitha: Ugh.
Timmy: Isn't that sweet?
Tabitha: Oh. Well, it'll cease being sweet if these fools continue to
be jolly-jolly happy-sappy.
Grace: Now, don't you go anywhere, Tabitha, because there's more
presents to open. I'll get some more wine.
Tabitha: I don't even have a gift. I didn't know there was going to be
a party. How can I keep up this "sweet little old lady with a heart of
gold" act if I haven't even bothered to get the brides presents? I think
we'll have to look in the attic, see what we can find up there, Timmy.
Grace: Wine is on its way.
Ivy: Hello, Grace. Grace, I would like to talk to you. It'll only take
a moment. I want to apologize for all the pain I've caused you and Sam.
Going after your husband was --
Grace: I know what it was, Ivy.
Ivy: I was selfish. I was unthinking, not to mention very, very, very
wrong. Grace, i know you'll never be my friend. I don't expect that. I
just hope that someday maybe you can forgive me.
Grace: If you really mean what you say, I will forgive you. You know,
Ivy, when I lost my baby, I was devastated. I lashed out, I said some
terrible things. I even cursed you. I was wrong to do that. I wish I could
take it back. I -- I only wish you well.

Tabitha: Grace is still unaware of the power she has. She thinks she
can take her curse back, but she can't. And that curse isn't only coming
true for Ivy. Some of it will come back at Grace herself.

Man: I've waited long enough. It's time, Grace. It's time.

Timmy: What if another one of your friends from the basement pops up?
Tabitha: I don't know, Timmy. Well, I suppose we'll just have to try to
appease them. But there are things afoot. That Gwen is definitely up to
something with Theresa. And Grace's curse is not only going to cause
problems for Ivy, it's going to cause problems for Grace herself. Well,
surely that will satisfy our friends for a while, won't it? Oh. [Wind
chimes ring]
Timmy: Oh. Those would make a swell wedding gift.
Tabitha: Oh. Not a good idea.
Timmy: Oh. Timmy loves wind chimes. They're so pretty. [Moan]
Timmy: What's that moaning sound? It can't be the wind chimes.
Tabitha: Well, these aren't your ordinary wind chimes, Timmy. These
have special powers. They predict the future. Right now they seem to be
predicting that someone is in terrible pain.

Pilar: Perfect. Simple and perfect.
Sheridan: I told Luis, you know, since he'll be at his bachelor party,
that i would hold on to it. I didn't want to take any chances on anything
happening to it. Oh, it's just so beautiful. I can't wait to wear it.
Pilar: I don't mean to sound superstitious, but in the old country it's
considered bad luck to put the ring on your finger before you're married.
And then you can never take it off.
Sheridan: And I won't.
Pilar: It won't be long now, Sheridan.
Gwen: Look, I asked you a simple question -- when are you going to
print the story? Mort: Tomorrow. The story will be front-page news.
Gwen: Perfect.
Whitney: Theresa, will you take a look at Gwen over there?
Theresa: So?
Whitney: I mean, doesn't it seem like she's up to something?
Theresa: Whitney, I mean, who cares? What can she do? Ethan and I are
getting married tomorrow, and there's nothing that Gwen can do to change
that.
Man: Excuse me.
Chad: Exactly.
Man: Could I have a word with you, Mr.. -- Is it still Crane or --
Ethan: No. Actually, it's Winthrop now. It's jerry, isn't it? You're
one of the Crane security guys?
Jerry: You've got a good memory.
Ethan: Yeah. So what is it you want to see me about?
Jerry: Well, I couldn't find your mother to tell her.
Ethan: Tell her what?
Jerry: Well, this is just between the two of us. I'm sorry, but nobody
else can know.
Ethan: Oh.
Chad: Uh --
Ethan: Thanks, Chad.
Chad: Be over there. All right?
Jerry: Your mother gave me an assignment, and if Mr.. Crane knew i was
still working on it, he'd run me out of town.
Ethan: Oh, look, don't worry. Nobody's going to say anything.
Jerry: That tabloid -- they got wind of who it was who tipped them off.

Ethan: What, they know the identity?
Jerry: Got the person's name and everything.

Hank: What are you doing?
Luis: Whew. Working on my vows. This is like the 50th version, but I
just can't seem to get it right. How do you tell the woman you love
everything you're feeling in your heart?
Hank: Why don't you just try picturing Sheridan's face? You know, think
about what she means to you and just put it down on paper.[Alistair
laughs]
Julian: Something funny, father?
Alistair: I was just thinking about how brilliant our plan is --
putting poison on Sheridan's wedding ring. Her death will appear to be by
natural causes. No one will suspect foul play, and even if someone did, it
could never be traced back to us.
Julian: I'm still uneasy about this.
Alistair: It will all be over soon, Julian. In fact, things could
happen even more quickly than we'd planned.
Julian: How do you mean?
Alistair: Assuming Sheridan still has the ring with her, she may be
tempted to try it on, wear it for a while. And if she does, that will be
it. She'll be dead tonight.

Sheridan: I know everyone says it's bad luck to try the ring on before
the wedding. But wouldn't it be worse if it didn't fit when Luis put it on
my finger? I should at least make sure. Netherlands. Pass
Grace: Oh, Pilar? I'm just going to run over to the b&amp;b and get
some ice. [Grace gasps]
Sam: What's wrong, Ivy?
Ivy: Oh, go away, Sam. Please, just go. I don't want you to see me like
this. I don't need you feeling sorry for me.
Sam: Well, maybe if you talked about it, it might help.
Ivy: Right. What is there to talk about, Sam? My life is falling apart.
Everything is falling apart. Oh, my family -- God. You know, Sam, I
honestly did think that when you found out that Ethan was your son, you
would come back to me. Now I've lost you, too. Wow. Whoever sent that
letter to the tabloids -- well, they did a good job. They destroyed my
life. They destroyed everything.

Ethan: Who is it? Who sent that e-mail?
Jerry: I don't have the name. All I know is the tabloid people do.
Ethan: Look, I want to find out who did this to me before i get married
tomorrow. Now, i want that name, jerry.
Jerry: I don't think I can get it for you by tomorrow.
Chad: I'll get it. Look, Ethan, man, I'm sorry for eavesdropping, but I
already told you I'm going to try to help you out on this.
Jerry: This is a big story for the tabloid. I mean, they're guarding
that name.
Chad: Man, that's no matter to me. I got my ways. I will get the name
of the person who sent that e-mail, and that's all there is to it. Hey,
it's my wedding present to you, remember?
Ethan: Chad, I don't want you getting yourself in trouble, all right?
Chad: You will have the name of the punk who did this to you by
morning.

Man: Figured you'd want to see this -- hot off the press.
Mort: Oh,
that's beautiful. And when this hits the stands, it's going to kick up
such a ruckus.

Theresa: I don't know how I'm going to sleep tonight. I mean, my dream
has come true. I'm going to marry Ethan tomorrow. Ooh!
Theresa: Look. The love candle -- it's out. I mean, it -- if it doesn't
burn to the end, it means that your love won't last forever.
Whitney: Theresa, I know the candle blew out, but that doesn't mean
that your love isn't going to last forever.
Theresa: You're right. Yeah. I mean, Ethan and I have a love that's so
strong, nothing can come between us.
Gwen: That's right, Theresa. The flame has been blown out just like
you're going to be blown out of the water. [Wind chimes ring]

Tabitha: Someone will be in terrible pain.
Timmy: Who is it? Who's crying?
Tabitha: Shh, shh. I'm listening. It's Sheridan. It's Sheridan Crane.
Oh, she's going to die.

Alistair: Once the ring is on Sheridan's finger and the poison seeps
into her bloodstream, she'll be dead, and this will finally be over.
Sheridan: Oh. Well, it can't hurt to see if it fits.
Luis: "You're my life. You're my whole reason for being. And from this
moment on, you will never be alone. You will never be unhappy or afraid.
You will always know how deeply I love you, how deeply you are loved, and
no matter what, I'll always be here for you. We've both suffered painful
losses. You lost your mother, and I lost my father. But together we'll
build a family of our own, a family of love and support. We will be
together, Sheridan, till death do us part. Now, if you were to die, then I
would die, too. I couldn't live my life without you. I wouldn't be able to
go on."

  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 7/4/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Wednesday 7/4/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Timmy: Timmy would know that moan anywhere. The wind chimes are crying
in princess' voice.
Tabitha: Oh, Beelzebub below, what am I going to do? Theresa's the one
who's supposed to suffer. Gwen's got that tabloid newspaper all set to
expose Ms. Lopez Fitzgerald as Ethan's whistleblower, even though Gwen's
mother was the one who sent the telltale e-mail. And what about my
casserole queen houseguest Grace? Oh, she's due for some pain and
suffering with that mysterious stranger stalking her everywhere, not to
mention Sheridan Crane. Thanks to her brother and her father, she is
destined to be poisoned at her own wedding! No, no, this can't be right,
Timmy. I've got to do something to turn this around.
Grace: Grace, wake up. Grace. Grace, you are in danger. Wake up,
please! Grace! Grace, you have to wake up. You're in danger. Grace! No.
No.
Grace: Sam.
Sam: I'll look in on Grace and make sure she's getting some rest.
Grace: No. Sam. No. [Music plays]

Luis: Hey, Ethan, what the hell is going on? I thought they were
supposed to be all kind of embarrassed by the strippers.
Ethan: Well, hey, look at it this way -- at least they're behaving this
way with us and not with the guys that were hired.
Luis: Well, I hate to burst your bubble, ace, but they don't know that.


Whitney: Go get him, girl!
Theresa: Oh, if Luis and Ethan could see us now!
Sheridan: They would never believe it. I'm not even sure I do, but I've
never had so much fun in my life.
Theresa: What the heck. After tomorrow, we'll be old married women,
anyway.
Sheridan: Exactly. And like I said, what our men don't know won't hurt
them. None of you are leaving without signing a confidentiality agreement.

Whitney: You got it, girlfriend!
Theresa: So, Sheridan, what do we do once we get their shirts off?
Sheridan: Let me think. Maybe their pants? Jessica: Show us some skin,
baby, show us some skin!
Whitney: Work it, work it, work it!
Sheridan: If I didn't know better, I would think they were shy.
Theresa: Well, I don't think so. Any guys who do this for a living have
to be prepared for any and all requests. So get over here, you two.
Sheridan: Oh, no, no, no. We'll go get them.
Theresa: Yow!

Hank: I don't care what your reasons are, breaking and entering is
still a crime. Don't do it.
Chad: Man --
Miguel: What's going on?
Chad: Hank here's trying to talk me out of giving my wedding present to
Ethan.
Miguel: I don't get it.
Chad: Well, look, I'm only going to tell you this because you're the
first guy to give me the time of day when I got to this town, all right?
Besides, it involves your sister.
Miguel: Well, what is it?
Chad: I want to take a look around the office of the tabloid that broke
the story about Ethan being a Bennett.
Miguel: For what?
Chad: To get the name of the person who gave them the story in the
first place. Dude, this thing is killing Ethan, not knowing, and I think
Theresa would rest a lot easier, too.
Miguel: At the very least, that would be trespassing on private
property, not to mention --
Chad: I got a key, all right? And besides, I think any risk involved is
a small price to pay to give Ethan the name of the person who stabbed him
in the back.
Miguel: Look, I'm sorry, Chad, but I've got to side with hank, all
right? Bad idea.
Hank: That's what I keep telling him. Sometimes it's just better not to
know the truth.

Mort: "Daily private lives."
Gwen: [Disguised voice] hi, I'm calling about a tip that I phoned in
regarding Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald.
Mort: Well, if it isn't my favorite stoolie again. Don't tell me you
changed your mind about running the story.
Gwen: Oh, no, no, no, not at all. I just want an advance copy. I want
to see it in print before it hits the newsstands.
Mort: Sorry. No can do. It's against the rules. Besides, I still don't
even know who you are, I mean, let alone how you figured out that it was
Theresa who sent the e-mail that blew Ethan out of his ever-so-comfortable
Crane nest. Now, if you want to tell me who you are --
Gwen: No, no, never mind that. As long as the story's in tomorrow's
paper.
Mort: Well, don't you worry about that because thanks to you, our next
		edition is going to be a bestseller. Yeah, Ethan thinks he had a bad day
		the first time around when he lost his last name. Wait till he finds out
		that it was his bride-to-be who stole it from him. Or maybe I should her
		his bride-not-to-be.
[wind chimes moan]
Tabitha: Maybe my board can tell me what's going on, Timmy. Oh, spirit
board, tell your most humble servant how she can prevent her own heinous
destruction.
Timmy: Is it going to talk to you now?
Tabitha: Well, in a way, yes. It's going to spell out its answer.
Tabitha: Y- o- U.
Timmy: "You"! It spelled "you"!
Tabitha: Thanks for sharing. Here it goes. C- a- n- T.
Timmy: Maybe it's something about cantaloupes.
Tabitha: No, it stopped. What does that mean? "C-a-n-t"? That's not a
word.
Timmy: Yes, it is, princess. It's just missing an apostrophe. "You
can't." You can't stop your own heinous destruction.
Tabitha: Oh, hell's bells, Timmy. I'm doomed! [Wind chimes moan]

Grace: No. No, Sam.
Grace: No, Sam. No. [Music plays]

Theresa: Are you ready?
Ethan: For what?
Theresa: You'll see.
Sheridan: All set. Theresa and
Sheridan: One, two, three!
Theresa: That's what I'm talking about!
Sheridan: Very nice!
Theresa: Mine's hot!
Ethan: I don't know how much more of this I can take.
Luis: How about we put an end to this right now.
Sheridan: You know, I am so glad you guys stopped dancing.
Theresa: Me, too. Gives me a chance to do what I want to do since you
walked through that door.

Whitney: Uh-oh.
Chad: Look, I know you guys mean well, but I am not going to get
caught, all right? Look, I even have a map of the entire building so I
won't have to waste time looking around for the right office.
Miguel: I'm not saying that Ethan doesn't have the right to know who
sold him out. You know, he deserves to know who turned his life upside
down, but that doesn't mean --
Chad: All right, so then what's the problem, man? I'm just trying to
help a friend out, that's all. I mean, wouldn't you want to know the name
of the person who did that to you? What if Ethan still knows this person?
What if he thinks he can still trust them?
Hank: I still don't like it, Chad.
Chad: Well, I'm sorry about that, man, but I've still got to do what I
think is right. Now, as soon as Ethan finds out the name of this person
who sent that e-mail, he can get that person out of his life and then get
on with his life with Theresa.

Man: It's been a pretty hot year for you. First you grab the byline on
the story of the year -- that Ethan Crane's real daddy was Sam Bennett --
and now you top it with a follow-up bombshell that the girl he's going to
marry is the one who did him in.
Mort: The best part's the timing. Ethan and Theresa are supposed to be
married tomorrow. How much you want to bet that this is one wedding that
doesn't make it to the "I dos"?
Man: I almost feel sorry for the guy. He thinks tomorrow's going to be
one of the happiest days of his life. Oh, he's not going to know what hit
him.

Tabitha: A hangman and an angel. That means -- what's going on? Come
back here!
Timmy: So many strange things keep happening around here.
Tabitha: You're telling me. And I have no idea how I'm going to stop
whatever horror is headed our way if I don't even know what it is.
Timmy: Timmy knows how to find out.
Timmy: Hello, nice head. Hi, nice head. Nice head. Timmy has a question
for you. He wants to know what's going to happen to Timmy and his
princess. [Demon cackles]
Demon: Forget it, doll boy! You're on your own!
Timmy: Now what, princess?
Tabitha: I don't know, Timmy. For once in my rather long life, I don't
know.
Timmy: What about a rooster claw or lizard gizzard or something like
that. Couldn't that help?
Tabitha: No, I don't see how. Besides, I'm fresh out of both.
Timmy: Timmy knows what to do. He'll throw water on fluffy.
Tabitha: Oh, and just what do you think that will accomplish?
Timmy: It might not help tabby with her problem, but it'll definitely
make Timmy feel better.
Tabitha: This is no time for self-indulgent fantasies, Timmy. We've got
to put on our serious thinking caps here. Oh, you're brilliant. Brilliant!
That's what you are.
Timmy: Timmy is?
Tabitha: Well, of course, I created you, so no wonder. Water. Water is
the key. That's how we'll find out how to stop whatever awful thing fate
has in store for us. We have to go to Hecuba's lair.
Timmy: Which one? She has more than Martha Stewart.
Tabitha: Oh, the one under Julian's library in the Crane mansion, the
one with the pool. We'll ask the man who lives underwater there.
Timmy: What man?
Tabitha: Well, he's one of Hecuba's minions. I'll introduce you.
Timmy: But Timmy doesn't want to go back to that lair. It was too hard
to get out.
Tabitha: Oh, don't be a baby, Timmy. It's our only hope. You'll see. It
won't be as bad as before. This time we're prepared for any surprises that
could be thrown at us. Come on. Come on, shake a leg. I don't want to have
to carry you.
Demon: Ask anyone you want, Tabitha. It's not going to help. You're
doomed. [Demon cackles]
[Grace groans]
Sam: Grace? Grace? Grace, honey? [Grace gasps]
Grace: Oh, Sam. Thank God you're here.
Sam: Hey, what happened? Thought you were trying to get some sleep.
Grace: I did fall asleep, but then I had this dream -- or maybe it was
a premonition. I don't know. Whatever it was, it was just terrifying.
Sam: What was it about?
Grace: It was -- I don't know, it was like I was standing outside of
myself, watching myself sleep right here in this bed, only someone else
was in the room, someone who wished me harm. And I tried to reach out to
myself, but -- I know I sound like I'm crazy.
Sam: No. Just exhausted. Look, there's no one here. Everything's fine.
You must have got overheated and kicked off your covers.
Grace: Yeah, I guess you're right. Sometimes when I'm too warm I have
nightmares.
Sam: Grace, listen, lie back down and try to get some more sleep.
Grace: No, Sam, I -- I really don't think I want to sleep anymore. I
just want to go down to the party. I want to kiss the girls good night.
Sam: Grace, please --
Grace: Sam, really, I -- I just want to see the kids.
Sam: I know better than to argue with you. I'll walk you down.
Grace: Ok.
Sam: Let it go. It was just a bad dream.

Whitney: Whoo-whee! Yeah! Work it, girl!
Theresa: Why are you pulling away? I mean, this is a party. You're
being paid to entertain us.
Sam: What's going on down here?
Grace: I heard all the whooping and hollering. What did you guys stop
for?
Theresa: Mrs. Bennett, that is a very, very good question. I mean,
Sheridan and I were having such a great time with these dancers, and then
all of a sudden they got all shy and embarrassed.
Sheridan: And the party's not over yet, is it, Theresa?
Theresa: Not by a long shot.
Whitney: Oh, yeah!
Grace: Theresa! Sheridan!
Luis: All right, that's it! The fun's over!
Sheridan: What are you talking about?
Sheridan: Oh, my God.
Theresa: Ethan --
Ethan: That's right. Disappointed?
Luis: I cannot believe the way you were acting.
Sheridan: What are you doing here? I thought that you were --
Luis: It is obvious what you thought. Ethan and I figured it would be
funny to replace the strippers who were paid to come here tonight.
Ethan: Yeah, we thought it would be funny. I mean, you and Theresa --
we thought you'd be completely embarrassed at the idea of two strange guys
dancing and taking off their clothes in front of you. But I guess neither
one of us knew you as well as we thought we did.
Luis: Yeah. You can say that again.
Luis: Look, hank, I know you have no idea what's going on here, ok, but
let me just clue you in -- it's not funny.
Chad: Oh, I wouldn't exactly say that, man. It looks kind of hilarious
to me.
Ethan: Hey, whose side are you on, anyway?
Sam: Get the feeling that we're missing something here.
Luis: How much have you had to drink?
Sheridan: Not a drop. That's not why we're laughing.
Theresa: And it's not why we were falling all over you. Sheridan,
should we tell them?
Sheridan: I think we'd better or we may not be getting married
tomorrow. Look, Hank and Chad called us after you two had the crazy idea
of replacing the professional strippers.
Ethan: Wait -- you knew it was us the whole time?
Sheridan: Yep.
Theresa: We knew before you walked through the door. And you guys were
so dead serious about your jobs. I mean, it was all we could do to keep
ourselves from busting up.
Sheridan: But, oh, what moves you two came up with.
Sam: You've been had, buddy.

Hank: Excuse me, Charity, I'll give him right back.
Hank: How we going to stop Chad from this harebrained scheme of his?
Miguel: I don't know. You know, he seems bound and determined to go
through with it.
Whitney: Hey. Why are you guys worried about Chad?
Miguel: It's nothing, Whitney.
Hank: Yeah, just guy stuff, you know?
Miguel: Exactly.
Hank: He's been pushing himself pretty hard lately, that's all.
Chad: Hey, dude, I actually heard Chippendales is having auditions
tomorrow, but you might want to wax first.
Ethan: Very funny, Chad. I can't believe this.
Whitney: I wonder what's going on with Chad.
Charity: Excuse me, boys.
Luis: Yes?
Charity: We didn't even get to give you our tips.
Kay: Yeah. Here's a dollar.
Ethan: Hey, where are our clothes at?
Luis: They're in the car, fool.
Ethan: Let's go.
Sheridan: Hurry back.
Theresa: The show's not over yet!
Gwen: You got that right, Theresa. It won't be over until tomorrow when
you get blown out of the water right before your wedding.

Man: Here's to tomorrow's edition flying off the newsstand.
Mort: Hear, hear.
Man: Hmm. Nothing sells papers like a busted-up wedding.
Mort: Yeah, especially when the groom is the former Ethan Crane and his
wannabe bride is the cause of his undoing, hmm? I wonder -- what do you
think made Theresa sell him out?
Man: Oh, who knows? Ha! Who cares as long as we sell more papers.

Tabitha: There it is.
Tabitha: Open sesame! Now, Timmy, find something to prop this open so
we don't get trapped in here like we did last time. The rock.
Timmy: How long are Timmy and tabby going to be here?
Tabitha: Oh, I don't know. It depends how long it takes me to find the
right potion to summon the man in the pool. Ah. These should do the trick.

Timmy: Timmy still doesn't know who the man in the pool is.
Tabitha: Well, suffice it to say that he's someone who can provide me
with the information I seek, someone who can see into the future even
though it's blocked for me. Last one. The past is past, the present is
clear, what I need to know now is the future I fear.
Face: Hmm. Not you, Tabitha. And what's with the pip-squeak sidekick?
Timmy: The name's Timmy!
Tabitha: He's not just my sidekick. He's my partner and he's -- he's --

Timmy: He's the son you never I had.
Tabitha: Exactly. And so how's my dear friend doing these days?
Face: We've never been friends and you know it. In fact, I can't think
of anyone who's ever liked you.
Tabitha: Don't listen to him, Timmy. He's always been a bit jealous of
my immense popularity.
Face: She's lying, kid. Don't believe a word that comes out of that old
crone's mouth.
Timmy: Wow.
Face: Where's Hecuba? This is her lair and I only do work for her.
Tabitha: I'm afraid she's all bottled up someplace. But I've come by
myself. I need a favor.
Face: I know what you're after, but there's nothing you can do to stop
what's coming your way, Tabitha Lenox. You're doomed. [Face cackles]

Chad: This must be the place.
Mort: Tomorrow can't come soon enough for me.
Chad: I'd know that sleazy reporter's voice anywhere.
Man: Talk about an explosion that's going to rock the world. Wait till
the former Ethan Crane finds out who did him dirty.
Chad: Don't worry, Ethan. I'll get you that name before they go public
with it so at least it's not a shock. Now to find out who it is.

Ethan: Gwen? Hey, sorry about earlier. But so you're coming to the
wedding tomorrow, right?
Gwen: I wouldn't miss it for the world.
Ethan: Great.
Gwen: Good night.
Ethan: Night.

Sheridan: Theresa and I would like to thank all of you for the most
wonderful shower we could've ever imagined.
Theresa: We will never forget it.
Sam: Oh, yeah.
Grace: Well, me, neither. But don't you think it's time you two
brides-to-be started getting some beauty sleep?
Theresa: Oh, you're right. It is getting late.
Ethan: I'll drive you home.
Theresa: Ok. As long as you're gone before midnight. I mean, it is bad
luck for the groom to see the bride before the wedding.
Ethan: I'll be long gone by midnight. Wait, I can't stay at Sheridan's
tonight. I'll just get in the way of all the wedding preparations.
Hank: Don't worry, man. You can crash at my place.
Ethan: Oh, great. I'll take you up on that.
Sheridan: You don't need to see me home. I'll be fine.
Luis: Well, we got things to talk about, you know?
Sheridan: I think I have a pretty good idea what you want to talk about
and we can talk tomorrow night.
Luis: Aw.
Ethan: So I'll see you tomorrow, Sam?
Sam: Wouldn't miss it.
Ethan: Great.
Theresa: Good night.
Ethan: Night. Jessica: Bye.
Theresa: You know what? I hardly had anything to eat. I'm kind of
hungry.
Ethan: Well, I've got just the answer to your problem.
Theresa: Oh.
Ethan: Come on.
Sheridan: Thanks again for such a wonderful shower.
Grace: You are very welcome. I'm glad you enjoyed yourself. See you
tomorrow.
Sheridan: See you tomorrow.

Charity: Aunt Grace, are you ok?
Grace: Yeah. Why?
Charity: I just get the feeling that you're upset about something.
Grace: Actually, you're probably the only person that would understand
this. I had a dream earlier, only it didn't really seem like a dream.
Charity: Was it like a premonition?
Grace: No, it was more real than that. See, I sensed that someone was
watching me sleep. It wasn't Sam. It was someone else. Only when I woke
up, he wasn't there.
Charity: Maybe it was just a really bad dream.
Grace: Just seemed so real.

Man: Soon, Grace. I'll be waiting for you.

Charity: I wish that I knew what to tell you, aunt Grace, but I don't
understand my own premonitions or why I get them.
Grace: Oh, well, makes two of us.
Charity: But I do think about something that my mom said shortly before
she died. She said that if my feelings were strong enough, I should trust
them no matter what they were or how farfetched because one day one of my
premonitions would save my life.
Sam: Hey, girls, we've got a big day tomorrow. I think we should get
some rest, huh?
Grace: I guess you're right.
Charity: Good night.
Grace: Good night, sweetie.
Charity: Good night. Hi.
Miguel: Hey.
Charity: What was that for?
Miguel: No special reason. Just felt like doing it.

Kay: Simone, hey, it's me. Did I wake you? Oh, everybody missed you at
the party. We can't wait for you to get out of the hospital. Because I
needed to talk to you. I can't stand watching Miguel and Charity all over
each other anymore. Simone, I know I just got my soul back and I promised
to be good. I'm trying. I'm really trying.

Sam: Hey, think you can get a good night's sleep now?
Grace: Oh, I think so. Someone's in there.
Sam: What?
Grace: Someone is in there. I'm sure of it this time.
Sam: Honey --
Grace: He's waiting for me.
Sam: Honey, we were just in there.
Grace: Look, I don't know where he was then, but he is there now. He
wants -- he wants to hurt me, Sam. I don't want to go in there. Please?

Gwen: Excuse me.
Man: Yes?
Gwen: You carry "daily private lives," don't you?
Man: Every day, miss. It's a big seller thanks to the public's
never-ending appetite for sleaze.
Gwen: Is tomorrow's edition in yet?
Man: Nah, too early. Won't be in till morning.
Gwen: I'll be back.
Man: Ok.
Gwen: Enjoy yourself tonight, Theresa, because you won't be enjoying
any more nights after this. After tomorrow, Ethan will be mine again.
Theresa: What a great idea. Chinese food?
Ethan: Yeah. Well, you were too busy eyeing male strippers that you
forgot to eat.
Theresa: Oh, but what strippers they were.
Ethan: Very funny.
Radio announcer: The time now is 12:00 midnight, the witching hour, as
we start yet another day in Harmony.
Theresa: Oh, no. It's after midnight and we've seen each other on our
wedding day before the ceremony. I mean, everybody knows that means bad
luck.
Tabitha: You can't just say I'm doomed and leave it at that.
Face: Give me one good reason why not. What have you ever done for me
-- or anyone, for that matter?
Tabitha: Lots of things. I'm not a bad person. Well, I am, but I'm
supposed to be. I do my best to cause pain and suffering everywhere. But
why have I been singled out for destruction?
Face: I've told you all I know.
Tabitha: You're lying. You know exactly what's going to happen to me
and I want to hear it!
Timmy: So does Timmy.
Face: Sorry about that! No can do. All I can say is that there's doom
on the horizon -- doom for you and for all of the couples in Harmony.
[Face cackles]

Charity: So, you're excited about the wedding tomorrow, aren't you?
Miguel: I can't believe my brother and my sister are actually getting
married on the Same day. You know, one of these days we're going to be
walking down the aisle together, too.
Charity: But, Miguel, you know that we have to wait until we're 18.
Miguel: I haven't forgotten. I just don't know if I can wait that long.


Kay: Simone, I don't know how much more of this I can take. I love
Miguel so much, but he still only has eyes for Charity. I know what I
promised God and Father Lonigan, but now it's just really hard to be good.
I love him so much.
Ethan: Hey. Theresa, come on, that's just a silly old wives' tale.
Theresa: I don't think so, Ethan. I mean, I have always heard that the
worst thing that you could do on your wedding day is see the person that
you're going to marry before the ceremony.
Ethan: But -- but people make their own luck. We can't let some silly
superstition put a damper on the happiest days of our lives. We are going
to live happily ever after, no matter what time it is right now.
Theresa: You think?
Ethan: I know.
Theresa: Ok.
Theresa: Well, you know, we'd better get home if I'm going to get any
rest.
Ethan: Yeah. Me, too. I mean, I don't want to get to hank's too late
and wake him up. You realize this is going to be the last night that we're
going to be apart?
Theresa: Starting tonight, we're finally going to be together.
Ethan: Tonight.

Man: Better keep this baby locked up tight tonight. Wouldn't want any
prying eyes to get a preview of this before it hits the stands.
Mort: Absolutely. Maximum punch is the name of the game.
Man: You got it.
Mort: Hey, don't forget this.
Man: Good idea.
Mort: All set?
Man: Yeah. Let's go.
Mort: Come on, I'll buy you a drink.
Man: Sounds good to me. We've got something to celebrate tonight.
Mort: Absolutely.

Chad: Finally.

Sheridan: It's my wedding day! From now on, my life is going to be so
perfect. No one can do anything to spoil it.

Grace: Someone is in there. You have to believe me, Sam. I can feel it.

Sam: Grace --
Grace: No, Sam. If you love me, believe me. Someone is in there waiting
for me.
[Noise]
Grace: You heard it, too. I told you. Sam.
Sam: Who's there?
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 7/9/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 7/9/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Tabitha: I know doom is on the horizon for me and all the lovers in
Harmony, but couldn't you be a bit more specific? In particular the part
about me.
Face: No, Tabitha, I can't be more specific. And if I'd known it was
you summoning me, I wouldn't have shown up.
Tabitha: Oh.
Timmy: Doesn't seem to like you very much, tabby, does he?
Tabitha: No, he doesn't. But that's because he's one of Hecuba's
minions. But it doesn't matter anyway because I summoned him and he has no
choice but to talk to me.
Timmy: What if he won't?
Tabitha: Oh, he will. Otherwise I'll turn this pool into a cesspool.
Now, tell me, what is going to happen to me and all the lovers in Harmony?

Face: You I can't help. But if you want to know what evil has in store
for love and romance tonight, just look into the pool.
Chad: Finally.
Timmy: Look. There's Chad. What's he up to?
Tabitha: Chad's about to break into the tabloid editor's office to find
out who sent that e-mail about Ethan being Sam Bennett's son and not
Julian Crane's.
Timmy: The one that ruined Ethan's life?
Tabitha: Mm-hmm. Exactly, Tim Tim. Chad thinks he's doing Ethan a favor
by finding out the one who betrayed him. Oh, Chad's going to get a big
surprise when he finds out who it was.
Chad: Who are you? What do you want?
Whitney: Chad, it's me!
Chad: Whitney? What the hell? What, are you crazy? You know you
could've been hurt jumping me from behind like that? What are you doing
here?
Whitney: I'm trying to keep you from going to prison.

Tabitha: Oh, this is rich. If Whitney knew what the future holds, she'd
be sorry she kept Chad from prison. It'd be the best thing that could
happen to her.
Timmy: For Chad to be in jail? Timmy doesn't understand.
Tabitha: Well, think about it, lad. Think how she'll feel when she
finds out in the future that she's carrying her own half brother's baby.
Timmy: Not good.
Tabitha: That's an understatement. It'd be enough to drive her mad.
Timmy: That's cruel.
Tabitha: Yes. Yes, it is cruel. And it's also delicious. It'll cause a
major amount of pain and suffering. [Face laughs]
Face: Yes. That's not all that's going on tonight.
Tabitha: Well, step aside and let us see what's happening, then.
Sam: Are you sure someone was in there?
Grace: I'm sure. Please be careful. You see?
Sam: I heard it.
Grace: There's someone in there.
Sam: Stay right here. Police! I have a gun! Identify yourself!
Timmy: Who's that man in the shadows, princess? And is Sam going to
shoot him?
Tabitha: Who he is isn't important, Timmy. It's what he can do to grace
that's important. And Sam's gun can't stop the power of that man to
destroy grace and Sam's marriage forever.
Face: Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah! Can we get on with it, or are
you going to spend the entire evening blathering with that little airhead?

Timmy: Hey! Who's an airhead?
Tabitha: Yes, yes, yes. Get on with it. Show us what else is happening
in Harmony tonight. [Face chuckles]

Ethan: Hey, Theresa, come on. That's just a silly old wives' tale.
Theresa: I don't think so, Ethan. I mean, I have always heard that the
worst thing that you can do on your wedding day is see the person that
you're going to marry before the ceremony.
Ethan: People make their own luck. We can't let some silly superstition
put a damper on the happiest day of our lives. We are going to live
happily ever after no matter what time it is right now.
Theresa: You think?
Ethan: I know.
Theresa: Ok.
Theresa: Well, you know, we better get home if I'm going to get any
rest.
Ethan: Ok. Yeah. Me, too. I mean, I don't want to get to hank's too
late and wake him up. Do you realize this is going to be the last night
that we're going to be apart?
Theresa: Starting tonight, we're finally going to be together.
Ethan: Tonight.

Tabitha: Oh -- you're too young to see this, Timmy.
Timmy: But why? What are Ethan and Theresa doing?
Tabitha: Something they shouldn't be doing until after they're married
-- at least according to Theresa. Oh. Maybe the fates have decided that
Theresa should have one night of love with her Ethan.
Timmy: But they're getting married tomorrow. Isn't Theresa going to
have plenty of love then?
Tabitha: But it's past midnight and the wedding's today. I don't think
you can count on a wedding today, Timmy.
Face: No, there's big trouble ahead for Theresa and Ethan. And they're
not the only lovers facing trouble today.
Sheridan: It's my wedding day. From now on my life is going to be so
perfect, no one can do anything to spoil it.

Timmy: Sheridan, watch out!
Tabitha: Quiet, Timmy. Sheridan can't hear you, anyway. Let's just
		watch and see what happens.

Chad: Whitney, you shouldn't be here. You know, I can take care of
myself.
Whitney: Yeah, well, I'm not so sure of that, Chad. You are breaking
and entering. Do you know people go to jail for this?
Chad: Look, Whitney, I've done this stuff before, ok, when I was a kid,
and I never got caught.
Whitney: Yeah, well, there's a first time for everything.
Chad: Yeah, all right, that's true. But I told Ethan that I would try
to help him find out who sold him out to the tabloid. It's like my wedding
present to him because he deserves to know who sold him out.
Whitney: Look, I understand you wanting to try to help Ethan, Chad, but
this is so dangerous.
Chad: Why do you care? I mean, you know, for a person that dropped
somebody like you dropped me without even blinking, then that must mean
that they don't care, right?
Whitney: I just don't want to see you get into any trouble, Chad.
That's all it is.
Chad: Yo, look, you may be the pro on the tennis court, but here in
this situation, I'm the pro. So I'm telling you go home, all right? I'm
going to go in there, and I am going to try to find out the truth for
Ethan so he and Theresa can just get married and have all of these
questions put to rest.

Ethan: Wait, Theresa. Stop.
Theresa: No. I can't. I don't want to.
Ethan: You promised your mother you would wait.
Theresa: I know I said I would wait until my wedding day. And guess
what? It is our wedding day.
Ethan: Well, yes. Technically, it is, but I think we should --
Theresa: And in just a few hours, we're going to be man and wife. So --

Ethan: I know.
Theresa: Are you thinking what I'm thinking?

Sam: There's no one here.
Grace: Are you sure?
Sam: Positive.
Grace: It must've been fluffy, Tabitha's cat.
Sam: Yeah. It must've been the cat. Feeling better now?
Grace: No, not really. I've had that strange feeling all day that
someone was watching me. And then that guy appeared earlier outside.
Sam: He didn't say who he was?
Grace: No. But when he said my name, I had that premonition that I was
separated from you and the kids and I couldn't get back you.
Sam: How were we separated from you?
Grace: I don't know. It wasn't clear. It was just really frightening. I
mean, Sam, someone is out there who wants to see us separated.
Sam: That is not going to happen.
Grace: Don't leave me tonight.
Sam: I won't leave you. I'll be with you forever. No one will ever keep
us apart again.

Sheridan: It's really happening. I'm really going to marry Luis
tomorrow. No, today. Who's there? Oh, my God! 9-1 -- [Sheridan screams]

Tabitha: This is not for your young eyes. Don't watch.
Timmy: Well, if Timmy can't see the good stuff, then he's going to go
make himself a marTimmy.
Tabitha: Well, just be careful. And don't let anyone see you walking
around like a live person.
Timmy: Who's going to see Timmy at this time of night? Almost everyone
in Harmony's asleep.
Julian: Oh. Look at you, Sheridan. So young and innocent. So naive. You
haven't changed. Damn it! Why did you force me to do it? You think I
wanted to kill my own sister? If you had just done what you were told and
stayed away from Luis -- now it's too late. Tomorrow you will die.[Sheridan screams]
Sheridan: No! Help!
Luis: Sheridan -- Sheridan, it's me. It's just me.
Sheridan: Oh, my God. You scared me half to death! I thought you were
like a burglar or rapist or something.
Luis: What?
Luis: Sheridan, I'm sorry. I thought you'd be asleep. I just wanted to
leave you this. So I was going to put it on the pillow next to yours where
I usually sleep, and that way, when you woke up, you'd remember how much I
love you. Don't be mad.
Sheridan: You are so sweet. How can I be mad when you're this romantic?
I love you.
Luis: I love you, too, Mrs. Almost-Lopez Fitzgerald.
Sheridan: Oh, that sounds wonderful. Wait, you have to go. I don't want
anything to jinx this wedding. It's bad luck for us to see each other
before the ceremony.
Luis: There's no such thing as bad luck with us, ok? Our relationship
is going to be blessed. Everything is going to be perfect.

Grace: You must think I'm silly for thinking there's someone out there
that wants to hurt us.
Sam: That's not silly at all. Didn't we both go through hell because
ivy wanted to separate us?
Grace: Yeah. Thank God she finally realized that she was wasting her
time and that you were never going to start loving her again.
Sam: Maybe that explains why you're having these premonitions of
danger.
Grace: Yeah, I guess. Anyway, I feel safe now. Safe and secure with you
here.
Sam: Well, a bed this small, you'd have to feel secure.

Man: Grace.
Tabitha: Grace may feel secure in Sam's arms, but her mysterious friend
in the garden is out to destroy her.
Face: Do you really think he has the power to break up such a loving
couple?
Tabitha: Oh, yes, yes, he does. In fact, he will begin the destruction
of that happy marriage tonight. [Face laughs]
Face: Oh, yes! Oh, yes! [Face and Tabitha laugh][Julian stirs]
Julian: Huh? Must've dozed off.
Julian: Poor Sheridan.
Julian: Would it have been so difficult to fall in love with someone
else? That's all you had to do. There are so many men out there -- better
men than Lopez Fitzgerald. Why couldn't you just forget about Luis so you
could live? You're forcing me to kill you, you know.

Timmy: What kind of brother are you to kill your own sister?
Julian: This is interesting. I haven't heard my conscience in years.
Where have you been?
Timmy: How could you do such a thing?

Julian: Go away. I don't need you to tell me I'm a wretch. I feel
wretched enough. Doesn't matter what you say. Nothing's going to change. I
can't -- I can't do anything to stop father's plan. In a few hours,
Sheridan will die.

Sheridan: You know where this will lead if we don't stop right now.
Luis: Yeah, I know.
Sheridan: Look, it's bad enough that we're already breaking tradition
by you being here. We don't need to break another one by making love
before our wedding.
Luis: Hey, hey, hey. You know I'm all about tradition. But I think this
is one that could use some change.
Sheridan: Oh, Luis --
Luis: Ok. I guess I should be going.
Sheridan: Yes. You should.
Sheridan: You're not leaving.
Luis: Well, can't make my feet move.
Sheridan: This is not good.
Luis: I got an idea. Why don't we dance? Huh?
Sheridan: Dance?
Luis: Yeah. I figure if we dance, then maybe I can work off some of
this nervous energy and -- [tango music plays]
Sheridan: A tango? This is definitely not a good idea.
Luis: Oh, come on. It's just a dance.
Sheridan: Not the way you dance. We are playing with fire here.
Luis: I know.
Theresa: Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Ethan: I don't know. If you're thinking what I'm thinking, you know how
much I want to make love to you.
Theresa: I could tell.
Ethan: But I don't want to do anything you don't want to.
Theresa: Why do you think I asked what you were thinking?
Ethan: Because you want to make love, too?
Theresa: I've never felt this way before, Ethan. I feel like I'm going
to explode if you don't show me how to do this. Make love to me.
Ethan: Are you sure? Because it's only a matter of hours before we get
married, and you'll still keep your promise to your mother and yourself.
Theresa: Like I said, it is our wedding day, isn't it? I don't want to
wait. Don't make me wait.
Ethan: Theresa -- I can't. I didn't bring any condoms.
Theresa: Don't worry. I'm on birth control.
Ethan: You are?
Theresa: So there's nothing to stop us now.
Ethan: No, no, I guess not. I want you to be absolutely sure.
Theresa: I'm sure. I am sure that I won't be able to make it through
this day if we don't make love. I won't be able to think about anything
else.
Ethan: I know what you mean. I haven't been able to sleep for months
because all I think about is how much I want to make love to you.
Theresa: I've dreamed of this moment since the first time&nbsp; saw you. I
love you so much.
Ethan: And I love you.
Tabitha: Well. So much for little miss virgin wearing white when she
walks down the aisle.
Face: Tsk, Tsk, Tsk, Tsk. Tabitha Lennox being judgmental. You should
know better than anyone how passion can take over one's life.
Tabitha: I do. But this -- this is making me gag. Where's all the pain
and suffering for those two?
Face: It will come.
Tabitha: I certainly hope so. Now, what are Chad and Whitney doing?

Chad: Ok. Let's see what Mr.. Editor was so determined to hide.
Whitney: What? What is it?
Chad: It's a galley proof of tomorrow's paper.
Whitney: What does it say?
Chad: "Surprise revelation -- former Ethan Crane done in by his
fiancée."
Whitney: Let me see this. But this isn't true.
Chad: Well, it says here that the information came from Theresa's
computer. I thought Theresa said that she had that file erased.
Whitney: She did, Chad. She was sure that no one was going to get a
hold of that file.
Chad: Yeah, well, somebody did. And in a few hours, the whole world's
going to know that Theresa was responsible for turning Ethan's life upside
down.
Whitney: Oh, my gosh. Poor Theresa.
Chad: What about poor Ethan? He's going to go crazy when he sees this.

Ethan: Theresa, are you sure you're all right?
Theresa: Yes. Yes. I love you so much.
Ethan: I love you.

Face: There's no turning back for them now.
Tabitha: No. And it'll be all the more painful for Ethan when he reads
that tabloid story and finds out that the e-mail that ruined his life came
from Theresa's computer.
Face: What's even better is that Theresa didn't even give the tabloid
the information. It was someone else.
Tabitha: Yes. Ethan's jilted fiancée Gwen and that mother Rebecca. Oh,
those two girls are after my own heart. Enjoy it while you can, kiddies,
because very soon your whole world is going to be rocked. Well, I wonder
what Sam and grace are doing now. And I wonder what's taking Timmy so
long.
Face: Don't worry about that little pest. He can take care of himself.
Besides, I have other couples to show you. Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm.

Julian: Why did Sheridan choose Luis -- the one man in the world she
can't possibly marry?
Timmy: Why can't Sheridan marry Luis?
Julian: You're my conscience. You know as well as I do he's a cop and
he wants to bring down the Crane empire.
Timmy: How?
Julian: Well, you know that as well. He's bound and determined to find
out how his father disappeared. He's a bloodhound. He'll never give up
until he gets what he wants.
Timmy: Luis suspects the Cranes of doing something to his father?
Julian: Yes. Of course. And he's right. That's why we must stop his
snooping around.
Timmy: But there must be another way to stop him besides killing
Sheridan.
Julian: I wish there were. But as I said before, father's made up his
mind. There's no turning back. Unless you can help me. Conscience, what
should I do? [Timmy hiccups]
Julian: What was that, a hiccup? [Timmy hiccups]
Julian: Oh, no, no. A conscience doesn't get hiccups. It's you! It's
you. [Julian laughs]
Timmy: No! Let Timmy go!
Julian: I knew you were alive. Everyone thinks you're a doll, but
you're a living, breathing thing.
Timmy: Let Timmy go! Help!
Julian: No. There's no one to help you now. I finally got you --
Timmy: Help!
Julian: And you're going to pay!
Timmy: Help! Help! Princess!

Sam: Remember the first time we made love? And those fantastic
sandwiches you made afterwards?
Grace: Sam, they were peanut butter and jelly.
Sam: Well, they were better than any filet mignon I've ever had.
Grace: Oh. Is this your way of telling me that you are hungry?
Sam: Aren't you?
Grace: Ravenous. Ok, I will go make some sandwiches.
Sam: Do you want me to come with you?
Grace: Ah, you know, I don't think Tabitha is used to having naked men
parade around her kitchen. You don't want to scare her to death.
Sam: Ok. But I don't think anything would scare Tabitha.

Tabitha: Well, that was a very rude thing to say.
Face: What, that nothing could scare you?
Tabitha: No, that I'd never had a naked man in my kitchen. Ha. I've had
more lovers than Sam Bennett and his merry band of coppers has had free
doughnuts. Oh, no, I won't be shocked. But grace will be shocked right
down to her toes when she sees who's waiting for her in the kitchen. .

[Tango music plays]
Sheridan: Oh, what are you doing?
Luis: Nothing. Just a little warm in here.
Sheridan: Oh, that's all?
Luis: Well, there's warm, and then there's warm.
Sheridan: Oh, Luis. We said we would not make love until our wedding
night.
Luis: Oh, you said that, not me.
Sheridan: You are doing this on purpose. You know how you make me feel.

Luis: I know how to make you feel better.

Grace: I am so lucky to have Sam. As long as he's around, no harm will
come to me. [Glass breaks]
Tabitha: Evil is beginning. Oh, I haven't felt this good since the
start of the black plague.
Face: Oh, yes! I know! [Face laughs]

Man: I've come for you, grace.
Man: I'm taking you away from all of this -- forever.

Timmy: Let Timmy go! Timmy promises he won't tell anyone what he heard.

Julian: Oh. Let you go now that I finally have you? I'm drunk, not
insane. Not a chance.
Timmy: Timmy's sorry. He didn't mean to listen to your plans to kill
Sheridan.
Julian: Why did you let me think that you were my conscience?
Timmy: Timmy was trying to help.
Julian: Help. Right. You've been trying to drive me insane for months.
Timmy: No. No. Insane? Timmy's not trying to drive you insane, Mr..
Crane.
Julian: Why don't you let anyone else know that you're alive? Why do
you show yourself to me?
Timmy: Timmy's sorry. He swears he'll never tell anyone about
Sheridan's wedding ring being poisoned and that when she puts it on she'll
die a slow, agonizing death.
Julian: What did you say?
Timmy: Huh? About what?
Julian: What did you say about Sheridan's wedding ring being poisoned?
How do you know about that ring?
Timmy: Ring? What ring? Timmy doesn't know about a ring! Timmy's just a
doll!
Julian: Doll, my aunt fanny. You're as real as I am! You stop that! You
come back to life, or I will slice you open right here and now!
Timmy: No!
Julian: As a matter of fact, I think I'll cut you open anyway because
you know too much.
Timmy: No. Please. Timmy swears he won't tell anyone about Julian's
plans to kill Sheridan.
Julian: Sorry, doll boy. You must die.[Tango music plays]
Sheridan: This is a mistake.
Luis: Yeah. It's a mistake I'm willing to make.

Whitney: This is going to destroy Theresa. And if Ethan really believes
that this is true, he's not going to forgive her for this one.
Chad: Look, look. Right here. It says the tabloid has proof that all
the stuff about Ethan's paternity was e-mailed to them from Theresa's
computer.
Whitney: Theresa did not do that. This -- this just isn't true.
Remember Theresa told us that she deleted the file she had on Ethan's
paternity before the tabloid got a hold of it. No, Chad, this is not true.
There has to be another explanation for all of this. And until we find out
what it is, we can't let Theresa and Ethan see this before their marriage.
Chad, you do agree with me, don't you? We can't let him see it before they
get married.
Chad: I have to tell Ethan. I have to show him this before he marries
Theresa.

Theresa: Ethan --
Ethan: Yeah?
Theresa: I love you so much.
Ethan: I love you.
Theresa: We'll be together, always?
Ethan: Always. Nothing will ever come between us.

Tabitha: Why do they always do this? Why do they say these idiotic,
prophetic lines like "nothing will ever come between us"? Sometimes I
think they just do it to amuse me. Well, just you wait and see, my
pretties, because I guarantee you something will come between you. This is
the last time you will experience any happiness. Evil will win. Evil will
win.


  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 7/11/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Wednesday 7/11/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Julian: Seeing as you won't be around to mix marTimmys after this, I'll
just jot down the ingredients so I can enjoy this delicious elixir long
after your departure..
Julian: Oh! You deceitful doll! I'll get you for this.
[Timmy screams]
Julian: You come back here. I'm going to prove I'm not crazy. I'm going
to prove you're alive.
Timmy: Timmy's in big trouble this time. Princess!
Tabitha: What kind of trouble has Timmy got himself into this time?
Julian: You're no match for me. I won't rest until I get my hands on
you.
Tabitha: There's quite enough trouble in Harmony without Julian Crane
nabbing Timmy. If he gets hold of you, Tim Tim, you're going to be one
dead doll.
Julian: Damn it. Where is he?
Julian: I have no idea how that mind-reading mop knows about the
poisoned wedding ring. But if he tells anyone about the plot to kill
Sheridan, I'm finished. Father will blame me, and I'll get a one-way
ticket to the lock house. I have to find that runaway rag doll.
Luis: Hey. You still feeling uneasy?
Sheridan: A little. I can't explain it. I just -- I had this chill go
through me, like something bad was going to happen.
Luis: Well, I know exactly what's wrong with you.
Sheridan: Is that so, dr. Lopez Fitzgerald?
Luis: Absolutely. It's our wedding day. It's normal to get a case of
the jitters.
Sheridan: Do you really think that's it?
Luis: Definitely. Sheridan, today is the beginning of the rest of our
lives. Once I slip that ring on your finger, you're going to be my wife.
From that moment on, every breath I take will be for you.
Sheridan: Still, I'm just afraid to be this happy. Whenever I've been
this happy in the past, something always took it away.
Luis: Yeah? Well, those days are over. We're going to be happy for the
rest of our lives. There is nothing that Julian or Alistair can do to
change that.
Theresa: It feels so wonderful to lie here in your arms.
Ethan: After we say our wedding vows today, we'll be waking up like
this for the rest of our lives.
Theresa: Ethan?
Ethan: Hmm?
Theresa: You promise you won't be mad at me if I tell you something?
Ethan: Of course. There's nothing you could say that would upset me.
You can say anything.
Theresa: It's just that I feel a little bad that we didn't wait to make
love until after the ceremony. But at least we waited till our wedding
day.
Ethan: Wait. Are you saying that you regret making love before our
wedding?
Theresa: Oh, no. No, it was everything I ever dreamed of and then some.
I will hold this memory in my heart forever.
Ethan: Right, and we'll keep making incredible memories. Look, our
marriage is going to be nothing but joy and happiness.
Whitney: You know, I cannot believe this trash. I mean, this tabloid is
actually saying that Theresa's the one who sent the e-mail revealing
Ethan's true paternity.
Chad: Yeah. Yeah, it is pretty unbelievable. You know, when I broke in
here to find out who sent that e-mail, I never expected to see Theresa's
name.
Whitney: Yeah, of course you didn't, Chad, because it's not true.
Chad: Yeah, well, I'm having a hard time believing it myself, but, I
mean, Whitney, we saw the letter and it came from Theresa's computer. I
think Ethan's got a right to know that.
Whitney: Chad, if you show Ethan that headline along with the e-mail
that Theresa supposedly sent, he's going to call off the wedding.
Chad: Maybe he will. Then again, maybe he won't. I don't know. Either
way, that's his decision.
Whitney: Chad, please don't do this.
Chad: Look, Whitney, I promised Ethan that I'd find out who sent that
e-mail before he got married. Weren't you the one who warned Theresa to
tell Ethan that she knew chief Bennett was his pops?
Whitney: Yes, but what does that have to do with this?
Chad: It has everything. I mean, I imagine that you told Theresa that
lies lead to nothing but trouble. Now, if I don't keep my promise to
Ethan, I'd be lying to him. There is no way that I'm going to do that.

David: Grace, it's me, David. I've come for you.
Grace: No.
Sam: Get your hands off my wife! I will kill you, you bastard!
Sam: How dare you touch my wife. I will rip you to pieces right now.
Grace: Sam, don't!
Sam: Grace, what did he do to you? Did he hurt you?
Grace: I don't know what he was doing.
Sam: That's it. Grace, honey, are you ok?
Grace: I'm fine, Sam. Just don't hit him anymore. I can't stand that
violence.
Sam: All right. All right. Honey, what happened to you? I came
downstairs looking for you, and you were gone.
Grace: I went into the kitchen to make sandwiches, and he was there! I
mean, he must have frightened me so much that I fainted. When I came to, I
was here in the bed-and-breakfast.
Sam: I better call eve.
Grace: No.
Sam: Make sure this jerk didn't hurt you.
Grace: Please don't -- don't call eve. I'm fine. I -- I just fainted
because I was scared. I'm sure he didn't hurt me.
Sam: Ok. Look, I don't want to upset you any more, but did he say
anything? Did he tell you what he wanted?
Grace: I don't know. It's just -- it's all kind of foggy.
Sam: Ok. All right. All right. I don't want to push you, all right?
We'll talk about it later. Ok?
Grace: Wait. I remember when he -- when I first came to. He said -- he
said, "it's me, Grace. It's David. I've come for you."
Sam: What the hell does that mean? And how does he know your name?
Grace, do you know this man?
Grace: No, I don't recognize him.
Sam: Then it's strange. He said that he's come for you. Grace, honey,
are you sure you've never seen him before?

Sheridan: You're going to think I'm crazy for saying this, but part of
me is still hoping that my father and brother would come to the church and
give us their blessing.
Luis: I don't think you're crazy. I know how much you always wanted
your family's love and approval. But from this day on, I'm going to be
your family, and I will always be there for you.
Sheridan: Oh, I'm sure of that, just as I'm sure Julian and Alistair
can't do anything to hurt us again.
Luis: Good. Does that mean you're feeling better?
Sheridan: Mm-hmm. You always know how to make me feel better.
Luis: Well, I hate to leave you, but I got to get ready for the big
day. I'm going to take the rings, give them to hank. It's his job as best
man to hold them till the ceremony.
Sheridan: Oh, no, no, no. I am not letting those out of my sight. Those
rings signify our destiny. Come on, hand them over.
Luis: Uh-uh.
Sheridan: Oh, come on, give them -- give them to me.
Luis: Yes, dear. I better get used to saying that, seeing as I'm going
to be married soon.
Sheridan: Very funny. "Till death do us part." Do you really mean those
words?
Luis: From the bottom of my heart.

Timmy: Princess!
Tabitha: Oh! What shenanigans have you been up to now?
Timmy: Julian saw Timmy alive again. He's like a mad scientist. He
wants to chop Timmy up and see what makes him tick.
Tabitha: Well, if he had, he'd find a big, fat nothing where your
brain's supposed to be. Tell me why you keep getting yourself mixed up
with that middle-aged moron.
Timmy: Tabby's not going to be happy, but Timmy kind of let it slip
that he knew about Sheridan's poisoned wedding ring.
Tabitha: Oh, fungi. My horoscope said we were in for it, but I'm damned
if it's going to be at the hands of Julian Crane. Oh, those Cranes --
they're evil.
Timmy: Has princess forgotten she's evil, too?
Tabitha: That's different, Timmy. My evil is fun. It warms the cockles
of my heart. Nothing fun about the Cranes' evil. Speaking of evil, our fun
will be over right quick if Julian finds us here.
Timmy: Tabby's right. Timmy and tabby have to blow this joint.
Tabitha: Right. You.

Ethan: You know, being here with you, watching the sunrise has made me
realize something.
Theresa: What's that?
Ethan: Ever since I found out I wasn't a Crane and that I can't buy you
beautiful jewelry and take you to exotic places --
Theresa: You know that stuff doesn't matter to me. All I care about is
being with you.
Ethan: I know, that's just it. See, it's made me realize it's the
simple things in life that are important, like that we'll always be open
and honest with each other, that we'll never keep any secrets from each
other like my mother did.
Theresa: That's really important to you, isn't it?
Ethan: Honesty is the most important thing in the world to me. And I
want you -- I want us to always feel free to say anything to each other.
Theresa: Anything?
Ethan: Absolutely. Of course, I know we'll never have any big secrets
from each other. It's one of the things I love about you, Theresa.
Theresa: What do you mean?
Ethan: Well, you were brought up so differently from my family. The
Cranes were so closed off. But you are so open. I know you would never
hide anything from me. I don't think I could stand it if you did hide
something from me. Hey, what's wrong? What's bothering you, sweetheart? !

Tabitha: I don't believe it.
Timmy: Tabby looks like she's seen a ghost.
Tabitha: That's exactly what I have seen, Timmy.
Timmy: Timmy would recognize that face anywhere. That dude looks like
Julian.
Tabitha: That dude, as you so eloquently put it, is one of Julian's
ancestors, William Ephraim Crane.
Timmy: Nice name. Did princess know him?
Tabitha: Indeed I did. He was always a pain in my side. [Pounding
gavel]
William: I hereby declare thee a witch, Tabitha Lenox, and thus
sentence thee to the following punishment. Two days hence, thou shall be
placed on an upright spit and cooked until well done. [Gallery murmurs]
Tabitha: Oh, it still makes my blood boil. That no-good,
holier-than-thou Crane actually sentenced me to death by fire.
Timmy: What did tabby do?
Tabitha: I did what any self-respecting witch would do. I got on my
broom and flew away. But not before I put another curse on wily Willie and
his whole damn family.
Timmy: Timmy bets he wasn't happy about that.
Tabitha: Hmm. The Cranes have always thought they were above everyone
else. He said I'd never beat him, that nobody ever beats the Cranes.
Timmy: But, tabby, he's right. Princess hasn't beaten the Cranes.
Tabitha: Whose side are you on, anyway? Just you wait, doll-face. My
day will come. And when it does, I'll have my revenge.
Julian: I'm going to get you, you tiny termite trap.

Ethan: Theresa, what's wrong? It seems all this talk about secrets has
upset you. You're not hiding something from me, are you?
Theresa: It's just --
Ethan: Look, I'm sorry. Of course you would never keep anything from
me. Look, what is it? What's bothering you?
Theresa: It's just that sometimes I get afraid, Ethan.
Ethan: Afraid?
Theresa: I love you so much and I want to make you happy, and sometimes
I just get scared I won't be able to do that.
Ethan: Theresa, you don't have to worry about that. You will always
make me happy. I know you will.
Theresa: Wait a minute. You know, we -- we never read our fortune
cookies. Now, I'm sure that our fortunes will be wonderful since
everything is already so wonderful. I'll be back.
Ethan: Ok.
Ethan: After you, darling.
Theresa: All right.
Theresa: "Beware of what today brings." It sounds so ominous, like
something bad is going to happen today. But that doesn't make any sense. I
mean, this is our wedding day. I mean, this is the happiest day of our
lives.
Ethan: Exactly. It doesn't make any sense because this is the happiest
day of our lives. Look, nothing can go wrong.
Theresa: Then what do you think this means?
Ethan: It doesn't mean anything. It's just a fortune cookie.
Theresa: But, Ethan, the last fortune I got said "two brides for two
grooms," and that came true. Does this mean that something terrible is
going to happen?

Whitney: Chad, what are you doing?
Chad: I already told you. I'm going to Ethan. I'm going to tell him the
truth so he can decide what he wants to do.
Whitney: Why don't I tell you exactly what Ethan's going to do. Whether
or not he believes that Theresa sent the e-mail or not, he's going to
still know for sure that Theresa knew he wasn't a Crane and she didn't
tell him. He's going to call off the wedding, Chad, no matter what. And
Theresa's life is going to be ruined forever.
Chad: Look, Whitney, I got to stick to my word, all right? I promised
Ethan I'd find out who sent that e-mail, and I did. So now I'm going to
tell him.
Whitney: Theresa has loved Ethan practically her whole life. No matter
what anyone ever told her, she always believed that they were destined to
be together. And now her dream of being with him is finally about to come
true, and you're going to rip that away from her? Chad, I'm not going to
let you do this.
Chad: So, tell me, Whitney, just how are you going to stop me?

Sam: Grace, have you ever seen this man before?
Grace: I --
Sam: Look -- hey, hey, hey. I'm sorry, all right? Hey, I'm sorry. Here
I am playing cop with my own wife. Of course you've never seen this guy
before. If you did, you would have told me.
Sam: Hey, Luis. Yeah, this is Sam. Look, I need your help. I need you
to come over to the b and b right away.

Luis: Sure, Sam. I'm on my way.
Sheridan: What was that all about?
Luis: That was Sam. He wants me to come down to the b and b, and it
sounds important, so --
Sheridan: Oh. Careful. I don't want you missing your own wedding.
Luis: Come on. I wouldn't miss it for the world. In fact, the next time
I see you, it'll be when you walk down that aisle.
Sheridan: I can't wait to see you waiting for me at the altar.

Sam: James, listen, I'm just going to give you a heads-up. Luis is
going to be bringing in a suspect shortly, and I want you to book him on
breaking and entering. No. I'll question him when I get there. Thanks.
Grace: But is it possible that I know him? I mean, he said he'd come
for me. Why would he say that if he didn't know me?
Grace: Who are you?
Sam: Time for you to start answering some questions. Get up!
Grace: Sam, just don't hit him again. I don't want anyone to get hurt.
Sam: Don't worry, all right? I just want to get to the bottom of this.
Now start taking. Who are you and what the hell do you want from my wife?
Ok, in case you didn't already know, not only am I her husband, all right,
I am the chief of police. Now start talking. How did you know my wife's
name, and why did you bring her here?
Luis: Got here as fast as I could, all things considered. What the
hell's going on?
Sam: That's exactly what I'm trying to figure out. Grace found this
lowlife down in Tabitha's kitchen, all right? She fainted and he brought
her here. I found him leaning over her on the bed.
Luis: Whatever you need me to do --
Sam: I want you to book him. I know I can count on you to do this
quietly, all right? After what happened with the house, Grace and the kids
have had enough publicity to last them a lifetime.
Luis: You got it. No one will know anything, and I should have just
enough time to take him down to the station and book him.
Sam: What, you got other plans?
Grace: You could say that, Sam. It is his wedding day.
Sam: Hey, I'm sorry. I got so caught up with this jerk, I completely
forgot. Look, I'm not going to let anything interfere with your big day.
Luis: I know.

Sheridan: I have been dreaming of this day since I was a little girl.
Now it's finally here. I've been so afraid that Julian and Alistair would
try and stop me from marrying Luis. Well, they tried, but there's nothing
that they can do now because this is going to be the most beautiful double
wedding ever.

Whitney: I'll do whatever it takes to stop you from leaving.
Chad: You don't mess around, do you?
Whitney: Theresa is my best friend, Chad, and I'm not going to let you
ruin her wedding day.
Chad: Well, I'm sorry. I don't get it. First you try to stop me from
breaking in here, and now you want to keep me from leaving.
Whitney: I tried to stop you from breaking in here so you would not get
caught. Now I don't want you leaving because I don't want you hurting
Theresa. It's as simple as that.
Chad: Oh, I don't think it's that simple at all. I mean, why do you
care if I got caught, huh? I mean, you said that we have no future
together because of your promise to Simone to stay away from me.
Whitney: See, I don't like it when you try to change the topic like
that. The only thing I'm concerned about right now is Theresa.
Chad: Hmm. You know, I wish I could turn my feelings on and off just
like you do, Whitney. That's a gift. Unfortunately, I don't operate that
way. See, the fact is I still love you.
Whitney: Look, I don't want to get into any of this with you right now.

Chad: Look, would you just stop running away from me and be straight up
with me. Do you love me or don't you?
Whitney: Don't you understand that whether or not I love you is not the
point?
Chad: That's exactly the point! I mean, how can you say you love me one
minute and then you walk out of my life the next?
Whitney: Look, you probably won't believe this, but this is just as
hard for me as it is for you. I made a promise, and I'm not going to go
back on that promise. You and I cannot see each other anymore.
Chad: Well, if that's how it's going to be, then you might as well just
let me out of here right now.
Whitney: Not a chance.
Chad: Ok. Ok, miss champion tennis player. You really think you're
strong enough to keep me from leaving?
Whitney: Well, you better believe I'm going to try.
Ethan: Theresa, please don't let your happiness be determined by a
fortune cookie. It doesn't mean anything.
Theresa: I don't want to believe in it, Ethan, but ever since I fell in
love with you, fate has had a way of predicting the future, and that's
what frightens me about this fortune.
Ethan: There. Ok? The fortune cookie no longer exists. And the only
thing left is my love for you.
Theresa: Ethan, your love is all I need. I feel so safe and protected
in your arms.
Ethan: And that's exactly how you should feel because I will always
love and protect you. Now, now, I need to get you home. I don't want Pilar
worrying about you.
Theresa: Not to mention I have to start getting ready for our wedding.
Hey, Ethan? Let's not tell anyone that we spent the night making love. I
want it to be our little secret.
Ethan: Ok, you got it. We'll keep secrets with each other but not from
each other.

Sam: Look, I can't believe I dragged you down here. You must have a
million things to do before the wedding.
Luis: Look, actually, all I have to do is go home and put on my tux, go
down to the church, wait for Sheridan to arrive at the altar, and then
slip a ring on the finger of the woman I love. Bang.
Grace: Well, you and Sheridan are going to share a lifetime of
happiness, just like Sam and me.
Luis: Thanks a lot, Grace. That means a lot to me. Listen, I got plenty
of time to take our friend here down to the station and book him.
Sam: That would be a big load off my mind, but are you sure?
Luis: I'm positive. Besides, I got to do a little something with all
this nervous energy. So the next time I see you all will be down at the
church.
Sam: Grace and I are really looking forward to the wedding. We're
excited to be there for you and Sheridan. Of course, my son's getting
married, too.
Luis: Yeah. You know Ethan's got himself a great woman, too, and I'm
not just saying that because she's my sister. She's madly in love with
Ethan, and I know he'll always be able to count on her.
Sam: Well, that's important. Marriage is forever.
Grace: Yes, it is. Nothing makes me happier than being married to you,
Sam.
Sam: Now, look, I've got things to do, all right? So I want some
answers and I want them right now.

Tabitha: Come on. Come on. Ooh, that was close. Julian almost caught
us.
Timmy: Timmy and tabby better get out of here while the getting's good.

Tabitha: I couldn't agree more. Come on. Come on!
Julian: There you are. Halt! You shan't get away from me this time!
Timmy: Is Julian dead?

Chad: You know, if you were a guy, I'd just pick you up and toss you
aside.
Whitney: Yeah, well, I'm not a guy.
Chad: Yeah, well, I noticed. What I'd really like to do is to shake
some sense into you. You know, we really had a really good thing going,
Whitney. We belong together.
Whitney: I just really wish you'd stop saying that.
Chad: Ok. Ok, I'll stop saying that -- for now, if that's going to make
you happy. But just so you know, I'd do whatever it takes to bring us back
together.
Whitney: I need to ask you something.
Chad: Shoot.
Whitney: And by saying this, I'm not saying that I would do this, but
if I do say that I would go back to you if you didn't show Ethan the
tabloid before the wedding, would you do it?
Chad: Well -- I'm -- you're asking a tough question here, ok? I mean --
look, Ethan's been a good friend to me, and I haven't had many friends in
my life --
Whitney: Would you do it, Chad?
Chad: If I said yes -- that's not saying that I'm going to, all right?
Just what if -- would you definitely come back to me?
Whitney: Look, this is just so silly. I should've never even said
anything. The only thing I really care about is that we do not leave this
office unless you leave the tabloid and the e-mail behind.
Chad: You're really serious, aren't you?
Whitney: I've never been more serious, Chad.
Chad: Whitney, you know you're, like, defeating your own purpose,
right? I mean, if we stay here, we will eventually get caught and possibly
arrested. That tabloid's going to hit the newsstands and Ethan's going to
find out the truth about Theresa anyway. So either way you look at it,
it's a lose-lose situation.
Theresa: This is so romantic. It's like something out of a fairy tale.
Ethan: That's because our life is going to be a fairy tale. We are
going to live happily ever after.
Theresa: Are you sure nothing's going to get in the way of our
happiness?
Ethan: I'm positive. Everything is going to be perfect.
Theresa: Ethan, I can't wait to say "I do." I just wish that father
Lonigan would walk up and marry us right this second.
Ethan: Why do I get the feeling that you still think something is going
to get in the way of our marriage? Look, don't worry. That fortune cookie
doesn't mean anything.
Theresa: I just remembered -- you never read your fortune cookie.
Ethan: I don't need to. I already know my future is full of happiness.
Theresa: Oh, come on. Read it for me.
Ethan: Ok. When you look at me like that, I cannot refuse you anything.

Ethan: "You got your greatest wish. Now your next wish will come true."

Theresa: Oh. That one's not bad at all.
Ethan: I told you there's nothing to worry about.
Theresa: Well, I know my next wish is for us to be together forever, so
what's your next wish?
Ethan: There isn't anything else that I want to wish for. I already
have you.
Theresa: Well, there must be something else that you want.
Ethan: Hmm. Well, come to think of it, there is one thing.

Sam: Look, you better start giving me some answers. How do you know my
wife's name, and why are you stalking her? Hey, maybe you didn't hear me
the first time. What do you want from my wife? David: I'll reveal why I'm
here, but not to you. I will only talk to your wife. Just me and Grace,
alone.
Sam: What are you, nuts? I wouldn't let you anywhere near my wife.
Grace: I want to find out what's going on. I'll talk to him.
Luis: Don't even think about it. You don't know what kind of psycho
this guy is.
Sam: Don't worry. I wouldn't even consider it. I'm just trying to
figure out what his angle is. Now, you told my wife earlier your name was
David. Is that true? David: Yes. David.
Sam: Luis, get David out of my sight and book him.
Luis: Right, man.
Luis: You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and
will be used against you in a court of law. You have a right to an
attorney. If you cannot afford one, one will be appointed for you.
Sam: I'm sorry you had to go through that, all right, but he is gone.
I'm going to question him later and then we'll get to the bottom of this.
All right? I don't want you to worry. This creep is never going to bother
you again. All right? I promise. It's over.
Grace's voice: Is it?

Chad: So, what's it going to be, Whitney? Are we staying or are we
going?
Whitney: Now, you know I hate to admit this, but what you're saying
makes sense. And no matter what we do with the e-mail and the tabloid, we
do need to get out of here. Chad, this door is not opening.
Chad: Let me take a look.
Chad: Oh, no. I left the key in the lock on the other side.
Whitney: This is a disaster. Not only are we going to get caught, but
the news about the e-mail is going to be all over the place.
Chad: Well, it looks like Ethan's going to find out the truth about
Theresa whether you like it or not.
Whitney: Oh, my gosh, we're all doomed, Chad.
Chad: Well, there's nothing either of us can do about it right now.
It's totally out of our hands.

Theresa: The suspense is killing me. Tell me what else you wish for.
Ethan: You really want to know?
Theresa: Absolutely.
Ethan: Well, I want to find the bastard who sent that e-mail to the
tabloid and ruined my life.

Sheridan: Oh, Luis. I can't wait until you place this on my finger. I
will love you until death do us part.

[Door opens]
Tabitha: What's keeping you, Timmy? I thought you wanted to get --
well, well, well. How the mighty have fallen.
Timmy: Timmy thinks tabby's curse on the Cranes has finally come true.
Tabitha: And about time, too. Oh, isn't this glorious. I must be
getting my powers back, Timmy.
Timmy: Timmy can't stand the suspense. Is Julian --
Tabitha: Shakespeare couldn't have plotted this better. Here was
Julian, scheming to kill his own sister, Sheridan, with a poisoned wedding
ring, and now he's met his maker. Mark this on your calendar, lad. Julian
Crane is dead.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 7/12/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 7/12/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Timmy: Julian's --
Tabitha: Dead? Well, he isn't moving. I hope he's dead, as dead as his
ancestors who have hounded me for centuries.
Timmy: Tabby shouldn't say bad things about the deceased. Even though
she's right about Julian. He was wicked. Putting poison in his own
sister's wedding ring?
Tabitha: You have to appreciate the big picture, Timmy. You have to see
all the pain and suffering that will be visited on all the lovers of
Harmony. Sheridan should really wear black to her wedding today because
once Luis slips that ring on her finger, she'll be one dead bride.

Sheridan: You know, they say it's bad luck for a bride and groom to see
each other before the wedding, but -- oh, Luis is right. That's just a
silly superstition. In a few hours, Luis and I will be standing before
God, saying our vows. And nothing can possibly bring us bad luck.[Knock
on door]
Pilar: Who could that be so early?
Pilar: Oh! Cristina!
Cristina: ¿Como estas? ¿Como estas, como estas?
Pilar: Ay, Francisco, mi hermano. Oh, what a surprise. I didn't expect
you till later this morning.
Francisco: Well, we took an earlier flight.
Cristina: We didn't want to miss a moment of this day.
Francisco: This wonderful day. Imaravilloso! My nephew and my niece in
a double wedding? Fantastico!
Pilar: What a surprise.

Rebecca: Not dressed yet?
Gwen: I still have time.
Rebecca: Well, while you're finishing up here, I'm going to Julian's. I
want to be there when Ivy sees the tabloid. Can you imagine the explosion
when she figures out that her would-be daughter-in-law is the one that
revealed that Ethan is not a Crane?
Gwen: What if something goes wrong?
Rebecca: Nothing will. Gwen, today is the day we get our revenge on
Theresa for stealing Ethan away from you.
Gwen: I'm still worried.
Rebecca: Well, you disguised your voice when you called the tabloid,
didn't you?
Gwen: Yeah, yeah, with a voice distorter.
Rebecca: Well, then no one will be able to figure out that you're the
one that called the tabloid. And they certainly will not be able to figure
out that you and I are the ones that e-mailed the tabloid, not Theresa.
Gwen: You e-mailed the tabloid, mother, not me.
Rebecca: And you called the tabloid. So we are in this together,
darling daughter.
Gwen: I know. I'm just so afraid that somebody is going to find out
what we did. Ethan would hate me.
Rebecca: Would you just calm down? We have covered our tracks. No one
will ever be able to trace this back to us. No. Ethan and everyone else
will think that Theresa did it. And when Ethan sees that tabloid, the
wedding is doomed.

Whitney: Oh, my gosh. This cannot be happening. We can't be locked in
here. Oh, my gosh, this is going to destroy everything, Chad.
Chad: Don't worry. I'll find a way to get us out.
Whitney: You know, if we're arrested, it's definitely going to be all
over the TV news shows, which means Ethan's definitely going to see the
headline before tomorrow before they get married.
Chad: Well, don't worry, all right? We're not busted yet, so just try
to calm down.
Whitney: And then Theresa will never get a chance to explain to Ethan
and tell him the truth after the wedding like she promised she would.
We've got to get out of here.

Ethan: I know I should leave so you can get ready for the wedding, but
I just can't seem to get one foot in front of the other. What's that
about?
Theresa: Love?
Ethan: I don't think it could be anything else.
Theresa: You know, in my heart, we're already married. I will love you
forever, Ethan.
Ethan: And I will always love you with all my heart. You know that
fortune cookie I got? It was right on the money. "You got your greatest
wish. Now your next wish will come true." And it will. After I have you
for my wife, my next wish is to find out who sold me out to that tabloid.
Theresa: And you'll know very soon. I mean, you said that Chad promised
to find out before the wedding.
Ethan: Yes, he guaranteed it.
Theresa: Soon you'll have the name of the person who sent the tabloid
that letter proving that you weren't a Crane.
Ethan: And I promise that whatever Chad finds out, this will not affect
		the wedding because today is the happiest day of our lives. Nothing can
		separate us now.

Gwen: Honesty means everything to Ethan.
Rebecca: And Ethan will never forgive Theresa when he is faced with the
fact that she is the one that e-mailed the tabloid. And Ivy will just want
to rip Theresa to shreds.
Gwen: Yes, she will. You know, you're right, mother. Ivy's life was
destroyed when that tabloid came out revealing that Ethan wasn't a Crane,
and she'll loathe Theresa.
Rebecca: So all we have to do is make sure that Madame Ivy gets a copy
of today's tabloid right away.
Gwen: Oh, that's simple. I'll just call up the editor and have a
messenger send one to Ivy right away.

Chad: Well, this is another fine mess I've gotten us into, huh?
Whitney: Chad, you didn't, ok? I followed you here. And I don't have
any regrets. I'd do it all over again so that Theresa could be happy on
her wedding day. [Phone rings]
Whitney: If somebody comes in here to answer that, we're going to be
finished. Do something.
Chad: Hello?

Gwen: I need to speak to the editor. It's about the Crane story.
Chad: The staff isn't in yet, so could you call back later? Thank you.
Gwen: Ok. The editor isn't in yet. I should phone later.
Rebecca: Well, what's wrong?
Gwen: I don't know. There was something really familiar about the voice
on the other end of the phone.
Whitney: Well, who was it?
Chad: I don't know. They didn't say. It was a really strange voice,
though. Said they wanted to talk to the editor about the Crane story.
Whitney: Well, how in the world could that be? I mean, who else could
know about the Crane story before it hits the newsstands?
Chad: I don't know, but, I mean, Whitney, I don't think there's any way
to keep a lid on that story if there's somebody already calling up about
it. Looks like Ethan's bound to find out before his wedding, so don't you
think it's better if he were to hear about it from friends?
Ethan: Just one more kiss, and then I'll leave and let you get ready.

Cristina: How beautiful they are. Papi. And how handsome is Ethan.
Pilar: ¿Cafecito?
Cristina: Ay, sí, muchas gracias.
Francisco: Gracias, mi hermana.
Cristina: Nina, cuentame. Tell me, you know, about this Ethan.
Pilar: Ethan? Well, Ethan is a gentleman. He's well educated.
Simpatico. He and I have always been very close.
Cristina: ¿Y la Sheridan? ¿Que tal la Sheridan?
Pilar: Oh, Sheridan. She's a true lady.
Francisco: Luis is marrying a Crane. Es imposible.
Pilar: I know, hermano, but it is true.
Cristina: Ven aca -- and his father -- does Luis still think that he
has something to do with his --
Pilar: Sheridan is nothing like the rest of the Cranes. She's a
wonderful young woman, and I love her so much.
Francisco: Entonces, we also will love her.
Cristina: And Ethan.
Francisco: Bienvenidos a la familia Lopez.
Cristina: Si, senor.
Pilar: And they will love you, too.
Francisco: Mira eso. Mi linda Teresita.
Cristina: Que bella, ¿No?
Francisco: I must see her, have a special talk with her before the
wedding.
Pilar: Well, I don't think she's up yet.
Cristina: ¿Que que?
Francisco: A bride sleeping on her wedding day? Nunca. Teresita! It is
I, Tio Francisco.
Theresa: Oh, no! My uncle's already here.
Ethan: Oh, great. I'm looking forward to meeting your relatives.
Theresa: Oh, no, no, no. Not now. Tio Francisco can't find you here.
He's from the old country. He's really strict. If he saw you in my bedroom
-- please, get out the window. Please.
Ethan: Yeah.
Francisco: Teresita? Are you in there?

Timmy: Timmy's getting the creeps. Let's get out of here, princess,
before somebody sees Julian and blames Timmy and Tabby.
Tabitha: Oh, you're quite right, Timmy. The last thing we want is to be
found here. But first, I have to go back down to Hecuba's lair and consult
the face in the pool.
Timmy: Do Timmy and Tabby have to?
Tabitha: Our whole future is at stake, doll face. Come on. [Moaning]
Tabitha: Oh, stop moaning, Timmy.
Timmy: That wasn't Timmy. [Julian moans]
Timmy: He's alive.
Tabitha: Oh, of all the rotten luck. Here was I thinking another Crane
bites the dust. Those swine have hounded me for over 300 years. I was
counting on the pain and suffering the horoscopes predicted to start with
Julian Crane's death. Oh, well, such is life. Come on. We better get out
of here before he comes to completely.

Rebecca: Julian! Julian, what's wrong? Oh, what happened? Talk to me.
Julian: Have to get up. Catch him --
Rebecca: Who? What? Oh, was there an intruder?
Julian: Yes. Tabitha's little doll.
Rebecca: What? Julian, I warned you not to bring up that silly talking
doll again. He is not alive.
Julian: You're wrong, Rebecca. I caught him in the library. I tied him
to a chair. He got loose. I chased him all over the house. The little imp
must still be here.
Rebecca: Julian, did you have more to drink than usual last night?
Julian: I had my normal amount, to which I am completely entitled.
Especially since I'm planning to murder my own sister with a poisoned
wedding ring.
Rebecca: Oh, is that how you and Alistair are going to get rid of
Sheridan? Oh, my, how utterly diabolical.
Julian: Yes, and lethal.
Rebecca: You didn't do anything to my ring, did you?
Julian: No, but if there's a chance that Tabitha's doll got to it --
Rebecca: Julian, would you stop with this talking doll nonsense? I mean
it. If you keep it up, Alistair is never going to name you as heir of the
Crane empire and Ivy is going to use it against you in your divorce.
Julian, do you hear me? You can never mention the talking doll again. Oh,
pookie, you have just had too much on your plate with all this worry about
having to kill your sister, Sheridan.

Sheridan: There she is, my maid of honor. Just in time.
Gwen: Hello.
Sheridan: Well, I've got a whole regiment on their way -- manicurists,
hairstylists, makeup artists. I'm so glad that we agreed to get ready
together. You know, it'll give us a couple of minutes to be by ourselves
and talk.
Gwen: Talk?
Sheridan: Yeah, there's something that's bothering me about the
wedding. I think you might be able to put my mind at ease.
Gwen: Of course. I'll do anything you need me to do. You know that.
What's the problem?
Sheridan: It's Theresa. I want you to give me an honest answer.
Luis: Mama? Mama?
Cristina: Luis!
Luis: Tia Cristina.
Cristina: Mi niño, ¿Como tu estas? ¿Como estas, como estas?
Luis: Bien, gracias.
Cristina: As if I didn't know how things are going over here.
Luis: Yeah, well, you'll see when you meet Sheridan later. But look at
you. Look at you. You're more gorgeous than ever.
Cristina: Que mentiroso eres.
Luis: Me? Lie to you? Come on.
Cristina: But I love it when you lie to me. I want you to tell me
something. How did that girl ever get your heart? I bet you there were a
billion other girls knocking at your door, huh?
Luis: I wouldn't say that.
Cristina: Please, you're such a handsome sobrino. You are the
handsomest of all my sobrinos.
Luis: Well, wait till you meet Sheridan. I'm the luckiest guy in the
world.
Cristina: Well, for you to marry a Crane --
Pilar: Mijo? Where were you? I was beginning to get concerned.
Luis: Oh, some guy broke into Tabitha's house, frightened grace, and
I've been down at the station.
Pilar: Grace is all right, isn't she?
Luis: Yeah, she's fine. She's with Sam. Where's Tio Francisco? Huh?
Francisco: ¿Donde vas, preciosa y linda Theresa? Ah!
Theresa: Tio Francisco!
Francisco: What happened to my chiquita? Like that she became a woman.
Hey, this man you've chosen for your husband -- Ethan, who used to be a
Crane -- he's good enough for you, Theresa?
Theresa: Oh, he is the best, Tio. El mejor hombre en todo el mundo.
Francisco: You will have a long time together, huh? A happy marriage.
Theresa: Como tu y Tia Cristina.
Francisco: And you know what our secret is, Teresita?
Theresa: Hmm?
Francisco: Nunca -- never in all the years we're married, never have we
gone to bed angry with each other. Hmm? Finish your fighting and then get
into bed, huh? Do not bring bad feelings to bed.
Theresa: Oh, no, Tio. I mean, sí, sí, Tio.
Francisco: I see. I embarrass you with talk of the marriage bed, huh?
Your mama told me you made a promise to yourself not to make love with a
man until your wedding day.
Theresa: Oh, I kept my promise, Tio.
Francisco: ¿Que es eso?&nbsp;
Ivy: I heard you, Julian.
Julian: What?
Ivy: I heard you whining and yelping in the hallways earlier. I thought
you were chasing one of your little sluts, trying to do one of your sick
sex games. And look who I found you with. The biggest slut of all.
Surprise, surprise.
Julian: This bitterness makes you even less attractive than usual, Ivy,
dear.
Ivy: I don't care what you do, Julian, or how you do it. What I do
demand is that you not interfere with my life as long as I am in this
house.
Julian: You demand?
Ivy: It's bad enough that Rebecca's idiot decorators have tried to
remove my doorknobs, but now you have turned off the phone? How dare you.
Julian: Well, that's hardly daring, dear. That's what happens in a
divorce. If you want a telephone, pay for it yourself. I'm not obliged to
support you.
Rebecca: Perhaps you'd be more comfortable if you moved out now.
Painters can be so messy.
Ivy: Oh, I am warning you, Julian. Fix my doorknobs and turn my phone
back on now.
Julian: Or what? What will happen?
Ivy: Something you won't like, not one little bit.

Gwen: Wow, such exquisite pieces.
Sheridan: None of them compare with this. I am going to wear this ring
night and day for the rest of my life, and I'm never taking it off.
Gwen: You said earlier that you wanted to talk about Theresa.
Sheridan: Oh, yes. I was thinking about wearing a family heirloom
today, but, you know, I didn't want to outshine Theresa. What do you
think? Do you think she would feel upstaged if I were to wear this?
Gwen: Oh, what a beautiful necklace.
Sheridan: It's my mother's. Her father gave it to her the day she
married Alistair.
Gwen: Well, it obviously means a lot to you.
Sheridan: It does.
Gwen: Well, then you have to wear it.
Sheridan: But Theresa --
Gwen: Oh, she won't have a problem with it. How could she?
Sheridan: You don't think she'd be upset with me?
Gwen: No, Theresa's a romantic at heart. She won't be upset.
Sheridan: You know, I don't know how you do it.
Gwen: Do what?
Sheridan: How you can sit there so calmly. I know what you're doing
today.

Francisco: The noise -- it came from here, right?
Theresa: Oh, something must have fallen over in there, that's all. I
put a million boxes in there for the wedding. And if you open up the door,
they'll just come tumbling out.
Francisco: "Tumbling"? This word I do not --
Theresa: Oh!
Francisco: Ila madre de dios! Your closet -- it's a mess.
Theresa: I told you. I will ask Miguel to help me later.
Francisco: Oh, pobrecito, he will have a lot of work to do, huh?
Theresa: Oh, we will handle it.
Francisco: Ok. I will leave you to get ready then, eh?
Theresa: Oh, it's so good to see you, Tio.
Francisco: Oh, mi niña. I look forward to meeting this lucky man,
Ethan, huh?
Theresa: Tell tia Cristina I'll come say hello in a minute.
Francisco: All right. Bye.
Theresa: Ethan?
Ethan: Does this belong to you?
Theresa: Never mind.
Ethan: I do mind. I can't wait to see you in it.
Theresa: Yes, you can wait, and you will. Come on, I've got to get you
out of here before somebody else comes in.
Ethan: Ok. I'm on my way.
Theresa: Ok.
Timmy: Timmy hates going to Pilar's. All he gets to do is sit in the
corner like a dummy. It's no fun.
Tabitha: We're not looking for fun, remember? What we're after is pain
and suffering. Which is why we have to be here to see what happens when
Theresa's secret is exposed.
Timmy: How does Tabby know what's going to happen today?
Tabitha: Because I saw it all in the pool down in Hecuba's lair while
you were upstairs knocking back marTimmys with Julian.

Chad: Ok, let's see what Mr.. Editor was so determined to hide.
Whitney: What? What is it?
Chad: It's a galley proof of tomorrow's paper.
Whitney: What does it say?
Chad: "Surprise revelation -- the former Ethan Crane done in by his
fiancée."
Whitney: Let me see this.

Tabitha: When Ethan gets a load of that headline, the pain and
suffering will be monumental.

Chad: Well, I think the biggest favor we can do both Ethan and Theresa
is just to break the news to Ethan quietly and privately before somebody
shows them this.
Whitney: You know, I'm starting to get the feeling that Ethan and
Theresa are never going to get married.
Chad: Well, Theresa's got a lot of heavy-duty explaining to do. I mean,
that's her e-mail address on the tabloid's letter.
Whitney: You know, I know it doesn't look good for Theresa, but there's
no way I'll ever believe that Theresa's the one who sent the tabloid the
story, Chad.
Chad: Well, I mean she is crazy about Ethan. Ok, a girl that much in
love -- I think she's capable of just about anything. I mean, there was a
time when she thought she was going to lose him.
Whitney: No, no, no. She was confused by Gwen's lies. At the time, she
thought Ethan didn't love her. But I know that Theresa loves Ethan. She
would never do anything to hurt him, Chad.
Chad: But then why would she have a copy of Mrs.. Crane's letter in her
computer in the first place? I mean, what was she going to do with it?
Whitney: Look, I don't know, ok?
Chad: I'm not saying that Theresa was trying to hurt Ethan, but like I
said before, when people are in love, they do crazy things. You're proof
of that. I mean, you're about to throw away everything we've got just
because you made some promise to your sister because she got hurt. If that
ain't crazy -- [keys jingle]
Chad: Somebody's coming.
Ethan: Oh. Ok. The coast is clear.
Theresa: Ok, one more kiss before you go.
Ethan: The last time you said that, I almost got in trouble by your
uncle Francisco.
Theresa: I know. I should have made you go.
Ethan: But you didn't.
Theresa: Because I hate to be apart from you for even a few hours. Hey,
stay here until Whitney comes over. She should be here any minute.
Ethan: You just made me an offer I can't refuse.[Phone rings]
Guard: Forrester. Yeah, yeah, sorry, honey. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I'm
sorry. Yes. Yes. Yeah, I'll pick something up on the way home. All right.
Bye, honey.
Man: Is there a problem, Forrester?
Forrester: Oh, no, sir. Routine security check, that's all.
Man: Oh, good. Come on in. I want to show you something. Today's
edition is going to blow the lid off this town. This is going to cause a
firestorm. Unfortunately, the computer knocked the presses out for a
while, so the paper won't hit the newsstands until tonight.

Ivy: Here's the deal. Take it or leave it. If you do even the slightest
thing to make my life more difficult here, I will fight this divorce tooth
and nail. It will take years to become final. You and Becks here may never
get married.
Rebecca: You think you can intimidate us with your empty threats? You
cannot stop the divorce, Ivy.
Ivy: Don't underestimate me, Becky. That would be very stupid.
Julian: All right, all right. I'll see to it that the phones are turned
back on. It may take a day or so.
Ivy: And the doorknobs.
Julian: They'll be fixed.
Ivy: Today. And Rebecca's decorators are to be kept out of my room.
Julian: Yes, yes.
Ivy: Oh. You can be so reasonable when forced.
Rebecca: Enjoy your little game now, Ivy, because very soon you will be
moving into the roach motel.
Ivy: By the way, I've given all of the servants the day off to go to
the wedding.
Julian: What?
Ivy: That includes the cook. So if you two want breakfast, fix it for
yourself.
Rebecca: She means business.
Julian: Bitch.
Rebecca: We cannot give her any ammunition that she can use to try to
stop the divorce. No, and you can never, ever mention that talking doll
again, Julian.

Timmy: Wait, Tabby -- Timmy and Tabby can't go in empty-handed.
Tabitha: When you're right, you're right, Tim Tim. Well, why don't you
pick a few flowers, enough for a small bouquet.

Francisco: Teresita will be out soon to say hello. But while we wait --
mami -- I have a special gift for Luis on the occasion of his wedding.
Luis: Oh.
Francisco: Be happy, sobrino.
Luis: Muchas gracias. Pocket watch.
Pilar: It was your grandfather's. He gave it to Francisco.
Francisco: You're the first of his grandsons to get married, so I want
you to have it.
Luis: I don't know what to say.
Cristina: Felicidades, mijo. Felicidades. Felicidades.
Pilar: May I see the watch, Luis?
Luis: Yeah.
Pilar: Oh my, I wish your grandfather was here to see you get married.
Francisco: He looks down on us and has joy in his heart.[Knock on
door]
Francisco: I'll get it. Buenos dias, senora.
Tabitha: Oh, buenos dias yourself. We've come to see Theresa.
Cristina: Ven aca, Pilar, ¿Y esta mujer? ¿Quien es?
Pilar: Una loca del barrio.
Cristina: Oh.
Tabitha: We've brought some pretty flowers for sweet Theresa.
Pilar: Oh. Thank you, Tabitha. My, they are so fresh.
Luis: Well, it's funny, you know, they look just like the ones we
planted last week. Yeah.
Pilar: Hmm.
Luis: Excuse me.
Tabitha: Well, there's nothing like a nice little posy to brighten up
the place, not that your place needs brightening.
Francisco: Hey! That -- that doll. It just smiled at me.&nbsp;
Pilar: Ivy, welcome.
Ivy: I wanted to see Theresa before the ceremony.
Pilar: Oh, please, come in.
Ivy: Oh.
Pilar: I think she's still in her room, but she should be out soon.
Ivy: Tabitha.
Tabitha: Oh. Good morning, dear. We've come to see the bride, too.
Ivy: Oh.
Francisco: I could swear that doll smiled at me.
Tabitha: I'm afraid you've got a touch of jet lag, senor Lopez.
Pilar: Ivy, I'd like you to meet my brother, Francisco, and his wife,
Cristina.
Francisco: Mucho gusto.
Ivy: Hello.
Cristina: A pleasure.
Francisco: Now I know where the groom got his good looks from.
Ivy: Oh.
Cristina: Forgive me, Mrs.. Crane. I've just read so much about you in
all the magazines, and your life -- it's just so fantastic.
Ivy: Well, there are other words for it.
Cristina: Well, you know how you loved Sam Bennett and then your father
forced you to marry Julian Crane --
Pilar: Cristina --
Cristina: Is all this true?
Ivy: It's all right, Pilar, really. Yes, it's all true.
Cristina: Are you still hoping to be with the father of your son?
Ivy: No. That part of my life is over. Anyway, we are here to celebrate
the future, and the future belongs to Sheridan and Luis and Theresa and my
son. My son is so lucky to have Theresa. She was so supportive when he
found out he wasn't a Crane.
Cristina: It must have been so difficult for you to have your secret
made public.
Ivy: Yes. It was. And I will never forgive the horrible person who sent
that e-mail to the tabloid.

Rebecca: Julian, we have too much at stake here for you to be ranting
and raving like this. I mean, if Ivy hears you, she's going to have you
committed and we will never get married. Now, you have to think about the
future here because in a few short hours, Luis is going to put that
poisoned ring on Sheridan's finger and she is going to die instantly.
Julian: Oh, God, don't remind me.

Gwen: You know what I'm doing today?
Sheridan: And I really admire you. I think you are so brave. I mean,
you thought that Theresa had stolen Ethan away from you, and here you are
getting ready to see them get married. How did you manage to put your
anger aside?
Gwen: Well, I'll always love Ethan, and I just -- I just want him to be
happy.
Sheridan: He will be. And so will you. You know, someday you'll meet a
man that you're meant to be with forever, the same way I have. I'm going
to go make us a fresh pot of coffee.
Gwen: Ok.
Gwen: You're the only man I'm meant to be with, Ethan. The tabloid
office must be open now.
Man: We're going to have to show proof of who
e-mailed us that letter. I better make sure that it's still locked up in
my desk. [Phone rings]
Man: Yes?
Gwen: Is this the editor?
Man: Forrester, would you mind? Who is this?
Gwen: This is the person who tipped you off about Theresa Lopez
Fitzgerald being the one who sent you that letter.
Man: You again. I told
you already -- the story will be on today's front page, as promised.
Whitney: Who is he talking to?
Man: I wish you'd tell me who you are.
Gwen: That's impossible, but I do need a favor. Can you messenger a
copy to Ivy Crane first thing?[Knock on door]
Luis: Theresa, I -- well, well, well. I was wondering what was keeping
you.
Theresa: It's not --
Luis: Now I know.
Theresa: It's not what it looks like. It's --
Luis: It's ok. I couldn't stay away from Sheridan today, either, but I
don't think that it's bad luck for the groom to see the bride on the
wedding day. However, if the groom was caught sneaking out of her window,
well, that's definitely bad luck.
Ethan and Theresa: Yeah.
Luis: Tia Cristina is waiting out there to see you.
Theresa: Yes, Luis. I -- I better go.
Luis: As is Ethan's mother and Tabitha and her doll. And, well, Tio
Francisco thought he saw the doll smile at him.
Theresa: Tio Francisco is always making jokes.
Luis: Yeah.
Ethan: Hey, I'll see you at the church?
Theresa: Ok.
Theresa: Ok.
Ethan: All right.
Theresa: Bye.
Ethan: Bye.
Theresa: Bye, Luis.
Luis: Hey, hey, hold on. Come on. I'll take you out the back way.
Theresa: Tia Cristina!
Cristina: Pero mi niñita, mi munequita.
Theresa: Oh, I'm so glad that you're here.
Cristina: Honey, I wouldn't have missed your wedding for the world. I
know that you've had some problems, but let me tell you, there is nothing
that can obstruct that wedding now.
Theresa: No.
Cristina: Is there?
Theresa: No, no, nothing!
Cristina: Chiquitita.
Theresa: Oh. Oh, Mrs.. Crane. Thank you so much for being here, too.
Ivy: Oh, thank you, Theresa, for making my son so happy. You know,
you're just -- you're like a daughter to me now.
Tabitha: Just wait till Ivy sees that tabloid headline. She'll want to
kill Theresa.
Theresa: Tabitha, did you say something?
Tabitha: Oh, just that we're both so happy for you, dear.
Pilar: Theresa, where's Whitney? She should be here any minute. I mean,
the hairdresser's coming soon.
Theresa: Oh, yeah, she should be here soon. I mean, she would never
disappoint me on my wedding day.

Man: Oh, that's one wicked idea I've already had on my own. I sent her
a copy right away.
Gwen: Excellent. Well, that makes my day.
Sheridan: Who were you talking to?

Chad: The guy said the paper's going to hit the newsstands tonight.
Whitney: Which means that Theresa and Ethan have time to get married,
depending on whether or not you decide to talk to Ethan about this. Come
on, come on. If you show Ethan this, he is going to call off the wedding.
You can't do that to her, Chad. Please don't. You're going to break her
heart.
Chad: Whitney, we don't have time to discuss this right now, ok? We got
to get out of here.
Whitney: Ok.
Chad: Ok. It's clear. Let's go.

Rebecca: Pookie, I'm going to go make us a nice cup of herbal tea.
It'll calm both our nerves. We have a big day ahead of us, and we have to
be in total control when we stand there in the back of church and watch
Luis put that ring on Sheridan's finger, right?
Julian: I'm going to need more than herbal tea to get through this day.
If only that bloody doll were alive, I'd purloin the ingredients to his
marTimmys.
[Doorbell rings]
Man: An envelope for Mrs.. Julian Crane.
Rebecca: Oh. I'll sign. There.
Man: Thank you.
Rebecca: Thank you.
Rebecca: Oh, wait till Ivy sees this. Oh. Theresa is finished.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 7/13/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 7/13/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Sam: Grace? Listen, go home and get ready for the wedding, all right?
You've been through enough Today.
Grace: You know what, Sam? I'm going to get ready once I find out why
that man, David, came after me.

Ethan: Hey, thanks for taking me out the back way. If my mother and
your family were to know that I was with Theresa before the wedding, huh,
they'd be very upset.
Luis: Well, a lot of people think it's bad luck. Not me. I saw Sheridan
earlier. It was pretty much all I can do not to go see her again, you
know?
Ethan: Yeah, I know the feeling. I don't know how I'd get through the
next few hours without knowing that I'm going to be with Theresa for the
rest of my life. See you, man.
Luis: I'll see you, Ethan.

Theresa: Thank you all so much for helping to make this the happiest
day of my life. And you, too, Tabitha.
Tabitha: Oh, our pleasure, dearie.
Miguel: Tia Cristina!
Francisco: Hey, hey, Miguelito!
Miguel: How are you doing? So good to see you.
Christina: Mi niño! Pero, que grande. You're so big! Look at this
guy.
Miguel: Oh, sorry. This is Kay.
Kay: Hi.
Cristina: Oh, hi, Kay. Nice meeting you.
Kay: Nice to meet you.
Francisco: Your mother's become very open-minded, huh?
Pilar: No, no, Francisco. No. Kay is one of the Bennett's daughters,
and she's staying with us until their house is rebuilt.
Francisco: Hmm. So convenient, huh?
Miguel: Right. Hey.
Charity: Hi.
Cristina: And who is that? Two for the price of one? What is this? Two
girlfriends?
Pilar: No, no, no. That's Miguel's girlfriend, charity -- Kay's cousin.
Cristina: Oh, I see. Ooh, even the Spanish telenovelas are not so
wild, my dear.
Pilar: No, por favor. Cristina, no. Kay and Miguel are just best
friends, and they sleep in separate rooms.
Cristina: Ok. That's a relief. [Laughter]
Ivy: Well, we should all be getting ready for the wedding, I'm sure. I
just wanted to come by and give you these. You know, you've just been like
a daughter to me.
Tabitha: Ivy won't love Theresa once she reads that tabloid headline.

Chad: You know, if that editor caught us in his office trying to lift
this thing, you know --
Whitney: I don't even want to think about that.
Chad: Sorry.
Whitney: Well, at least we heard the editor say that the tabloid won't
be on the newsstands until tonight. Ethan won't get a chance to see it
until after he and Theresa are married. So Theresa will have the chance
to, you know, talk to him about things then.
Chad: What do you mean? No. I promised Ethan I'd tell him when I found
out -- before he marries Theresa.

Rebecca: Ivy is in for the shock of her life. Oh, there is no way she's
going to figure out that I'm the one that e-mailed this tabloid. Nope. She
is going to think that Theresa did it, and she's going to hate the little
fajita for destroying her life and Ethan's. And Ethan is going to call off
the wedding. And my darling Gwen is going to reclaim what Theresa stole
from her. Ah. And who says that revenge and justice do not go hand in
hand?
Julian: Rebecca, I could use some of that herbal tea you told me you'd
make. My nerves are shot.
Rebecca: Well, you do realize that I was right, though, don't you? That
there is no way that Tabitha Lenox's doll could possibly be alive?
Julian: It's father's heinous plan to kill Sheridan that has me
frazzled.
Sheridan: Hey, I heard you just say you made my day on the phone right
now. Was it something to do with the wedding?
Gwen: Yeah. I was checking on the flowers -- you know, to make sure
they're delivered on time.
Sheridan: You -- you are just so wonderful to put aside your
		disappointment of not marrying Ethan, to make this and Theresa, Luis and
		me. Just think, in a couple of hours, Luis will be saying, &quot;with this
		ring, I thee wed.&quot; And he'll slip it on my finger, and my life will
		never be the Same.

Julian: What's that?
Rebecca: Oh -- I don't know. It came for Ivy. I'll just leave it here
so she sees it when she gets back.
Julian: Oh, Ivy. To think she almost caught us discussing poor
Sheridan's demise.
Rebecca: Oh. Poor pookie. Come on, you need to relax. Oh, this tension
is just not good for you.
Julian: How can I relax knowing that soon my sister will die a painful
death because of father's plan to paint poison on the wedding ring. If
only I could get that ring back and remove the poison.
Rebecca: Julian, no, you can't. If we double-cross Alistair, then he'll
have both of us killed. We have no choice. Poor Sheridan just has to die.
Because if she marries Luis, then he'll have access to all the crane
secrets -- not that I know what they are, but they must be huge if
Alistair's willing to kill his own daughter.
Julian: God, I just want this day to end!
Rebecca: I know. Me, too. At least the tricky's part over with. The
poison is already on the ring. The rest is automatic. Sheridan puts on
that ring and she'll die instantly.

Sheridan: Oh. Pilar said it's bad luck to try the ring on before the
ceremony. You know what? You're calm and collected. I think it's better if
you hold on to these until the wedding. I'm afraid I might lose them.
Gwen: Ok, I promise that they'll get to the church.
Sheridan: Thank you. [Phone rings]
Sheridan: Oh. Would you get that please?
Gwen: Yeah.
Sheridan: Thanks. Hello?
Luis: Hey. Is it just me, or are you counting the hours till we're man
and wife?
Sheridan: It's not just you, Luis. I can't wait to marry you.
Gwen: Hey. They're from Luis.
Sheridan: Oh. Luis, the roses you sent -- they're beautiful.
Luis: They're the Same kind that papa planted for mama at the gazebo.
Sheridan: That is it's no wonder I love you so much.
Luis: I love you, too. Once I slip that ring on your finger today in
church, nothing will ever part us again.
Sheridan: Well, I am just dying to be your wife.

Ivy: They were my grandmother's. I hope you like them.
Theresa: Mrs. Crane, I love them. Thank you so much.
Ivy: No, darling, thank you. Thank you for making my son so happy.
Tabitha: Once Ivy sees that tabloid, she Will wish she'd given Theresa
a viper.
Ivy: Pilar, you have been with me for 20 years, and now we're going to
be real family. I couldn't be happier.
Pilar: Nor could I.
Ivy: Well, I guess I'll see you all in church.
Theresa: Bye.
Ivy: Bye-bye.
Miguel: Bye, Mrs.. Crane. Pilar: Ivy? I know this is not easy for you
since you gave up on getting Sam back.
Ivy: Well, it's hard not to spoil Ethan's wedding day with my
unhappiness, but I am trying.
Pilar: You know, this is a new beginning for
Ethan and Theresa. Maybe it will be for you, too.
Ivy: Yeah.

Sam: You got his things from the b&amp;b?
Ofc. Malloy: We found a gun
in his suitcase.
Sam: Nothing else, huh?
Ofc. Malloy: We're doing a background check on
it now. We also found this.
Sam: Thanks. Huh. This is how he knew your name, what you looked like.
Grace: You know, Sam, something tells me he didn't know me just from
this magazine.
Sam: Well, you think you two had met before, had some sort of a
connection?
Grace: Not that I'm aware of. I mean, I don't ever remember seeing him
before he appeared outside Tabitha's. But why would he say he's come for
me?

Whitney: Chad, Ethan will call off this wedding if you show him this,
and it's going to break my best friend's heart.
Chad: Whitney, I promised Ethan I'd found out who e-mailed the tabloid
about his paternity, and now I know.
Whitney: No. No, Chad, you don't. Theresa could not have sent that to
the tabloid. It just doesn't make any sense.
Chad: But I'm not lying to Ethan about this, ok? So whatever happens
after that, that's up to him and Theresa.
Whitney: But I'm not asking you to lie to Ethan. Just don't say
anything. I mean, when the tabloid comes out after the wedding, Theresa
can explain things then. But if Theresa and Ethan don't get married today,
they never will. Their fate is in your hands, Chad.

Theresa: Tia? Tio? Muchas gracias. Look, mama. Pilar: Yes. This is why
I didn't want you to get a veil because I knew my brother wanted you to
have the mantilla.
Francisco: Ah, it's a family heirloom.
Theresa: Oh, I love it. I love it. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Cristina and
Francisco: You're welcome.
Luis: I'm sure Sheridan will love hers, too.
Theresa: Oh. Oh, I can't wait to show it to Whitney. You know, I wonder
why she's not here yet. Pilar: Oh, she'll be here soon. Whitney is
Theresa's best friend and the maid of honor.
Cristina: Oh.
Theresa: And Chad, her boyfriend, is Ethan's best man. I say boyfriend
even though they're having a little problem, see. It's really romantic.
Luis: Ok.
Pilar: Teresita? Teresita? Why don't you show Kay and how the
mantilla looks, hmm?
Theresa: Ok. All right. Bye.
Miguel: Hey, excuse me. I'm going to get some breakfast.
Francisco: Sure.
Pilar: Tabitha, I would offer you breakfast, but after I change, I'm planning to take my brother and Cristina to meet Sheridan.
Tabitha: Oh, don't worry about me, dear. Timmy and I are perfectly
content to just sit here and watch all the excitement. Isn't that right,
Timmy? Oh. Pilar: Well, then, make yourself at home.
Francisco: Oh, I'm told Sheridan's a wonderful woman, Luis.
Luis: Oh, she's the best.
Francisco: The cranes did terrible things to our family. You must find
out what happened to your father.
Luis: I will. Look, you know what? I don't even want to think about
that right now. I'm about to marry the woman I love, and I don't want
anything that her family did to interfere on my happiness today. Come on.
Tabitha: Sorry, Luis. Sheridan is going to die because her family
poisoned her wedding ring. And if that isn't drama enough, Ethan will
think Theresa sold him out to the tabloid. Ah, this double wedding is
going to be one double disaster.

Ethan: Mother?
Ivy: Ethan. What brings you by here?
Ethan: I wanted to see you before the wedding to tell you that the past
unpleasantness is behind me. I mean, it hurt me deeply that you passed me
off as a crane all my life, but now I know what true love is like.
Ivy: Your love for Theresa?
Ethan: Yes. And I understand what it cost you to give up the man you
love to stay in a loveless marriage. I feel terrible for you, mother. I
mean, knowing that you did that all for me, I don't know how I'll ever
repay you.
Ivy: Just be happy. That's all I ask. Oh.
Julian: Ahem. I just came out for some air.
Ivy: Well, don't let us stop you.
Julian: I know, Ethan, tomorrow's a big day for you. I want you to be
very, very happy.
Ethan: Thank you, Julian. It's a big day for Sheridan, too.
Julian: Yes. Big day for Sheridan.
Ethan: Julian seemed pretty emotional about Sheridan. Why?
Ivy: Oh, I stopped trying to understand him years ago. Come in.
Ivy: Hmm. What's this? Well, it must have come for me while I was out.
I wonder who sent it. Rebecca's voice: It's from the bomb squad, Ivy --
Ethan's future wife, Gwen, and Julian's bride-to-be, me.

Sam: Have you ever been arrested?
David: No.
Sam: Your real name David Hastings?
David: Yes.
Sam: You from around here?
David: I told you. I'll only talk to Grace. Alone.
Sam: That'll never happen. So is this your first visit to Harmony? You
rent a room at the bed-and-breakfast to try to get to my wife. Ok, Mr..
Hastings, do you want to explain why you only talk to my wife? She doesn't
know you, so you can't possibly know her.
David: I told you. I'm not saying anything.
Sam: You miserable son of a -- [car crashes]
Ofc. Malloy: Looks nasty,
chief.
Sheridan: Well, it's so nice meeting you, Francisco, Cristina.
Gwen: Absolutely.
Sheridan: Gwen is my maid of honor.
Francisco: But the woman who was to marry Ethan is your maid of honor?
Cristina: That's so funny, isn't it? If this were a Spanish telenovela,
the maid of honor would be trying to steal back the man she loves, huh?
Sheridan: Oh, well, this isn't a telenovela because Gwen wouldn't do
anything to separate Ethan and Theresa.
Cristina: Oh, I'm very happy to hear that.
Pilar: Oh, my God. Sheridan,
what beautiful roses.
Sheridan: Luis sent them. They're the Same kind of roses that martin
planted at the gazebo for you when your family lived here at the cottage.
Pilar: Oh. They bring back so many wonderful memories.
Francisco: Oh, por favor, hermana. Today's the day for love and
happiness, hmm? You're even more beautiful than the pictures Luis sent us.

Cristina: We've oh.
Cristina: There you go.
Sheridan: Oh, my. Oh. A mantilla. It is beautiful. No wonder you didn't
want me to buy a veil. Muchas gracias.
Cristina: Do you like it?
Sheridan: I love it!
Cristina: Enjoy it.
Sheridan: Thank you.
Francisco: Enjoy. [Phone rings]
Sheridan: Oh, excuse me. Please have a seat.
Cristina: Sure.
Francisco: Thank you.
Sheridan: Hello?
Luis: So, things going ok with Tio Francisco and tia Cristina?
Sheridan: They gave me the most beautiful mantilla.
Luis: Well, I'm glad you like it. Just don't get too excited you forget
to bring our rings to the church, huh?
Sheridan: Oh, I gave them to Gwen for safekeeping. She'll make sure
they get there.
Luis: You remember what mama said -- it's b the ceremony.
Sheridan: Well, that ring is not going to go on my finger again until
you slip it on me in church. And then it will stay there for the rest of
my life.

Ivy: Well, there's no return address.
Ethan: Mother, I need to get going, but I just wanted to stop by. Thank
you for being the best mother in the world.
Ivy: Oh. Oh, thank you, darling. You know, before you go, there's
something I want to show you upstairs. Come on.
Ethan: Ok.
Rebecca: This is going even better than I'd hoped. Oh, when Ivy opens
that envelope, Ethan will be right there by her side, and then mother and
son will not be singing Theresa's praises. No, they will be screaming for
her head.
Julian: Will this day never end?
Rebecca: Julian, get a grip. Ivy and Ethan are right upstairs.
Julian: Yes, I know. I saw them outside.
Rebecca: Well, you didn't cause a scene, did you? We don't want to give
her any cause to fight the divorce.
Julian: No. Not after our little run-in with her earlier.
Rebecca: Oh. You know, it might unsettle her to see me here. I'm going
to go see Gwen in the cottage.
Julian: What about my tea?
Rebecca: Oh, well, I put the kettle on, and I put the bag in the
teacup, so all you have to do is pour.
Julian: I've forgotten where the kitchen is.
Rebecca: Ah, pookie, it's that way. Call me if you hear any screams.
Julian: Why would I? The wedding is still hours away.
Rebecca: Oh, one never knows.

Ivy: I wonder what's inside.
Ethan: There's only one way to find out, mother. Open it.
Ivy: Ok. singer: You are my passion for life
Ethan: Mother, why is your doorknob like this when you have an army of
maintenance people on staff?
Ivy: Oh. That is Julian's attempt to make my life so unpleasant that I
will pack up and move.
Ethan: That's outrageous.
Ivy: Well, he also turned off my phone.
Ethan: Well, I won't stand for you being treated like this. Look, stay
here. I'm going to get Julian and make him fix this door himself.
Ivy: Oh, Ethan, Ethan. I am thrilled that you want to leap to my
defense, but you know what, darling? It isn't necessary. Julian has
already agreed to get it fixed along with my phones. I think he realizes
he's not going to be able to get me out of the house quite so easily.
Ethan: And, still -- I mean, that's petty for Julian.
Ivy: Well, I'm convinced it's Rebecca who's behind this push to get me
out of the house. Those two, they're definitely up to something. Still, I
don't want you to think about those two deviants on your wedding day.
Nothing they can do is going to affect your happiness with Theresa.
Ethan: You know, only one thing can make this day better and that's if
Chad comes through with his wedding present to me.
Ivy: Comes through? I -- I don't understand.
Ethan: Well, he promised me that he would find out who sold us out to
that tabloid, and I bet he will.
Ivy: Oh, Ethan, I hope so. Oh, I'd love to get my hands on the
cold-hearted scum who maliciously destroyed our lives.
Chad: All right. All right, you win. I won't tell Ethan about this, ok?

Whitney: Thank you.
Chad: But, Whitney, if he asks me, then I've got to tell him.
Whitney: I do appreciate you doing this.
Chad: I'm only doing it for one reason. Because if I wasn't still so
head over heels in love with you, I would have called Ethan from the
tabloid and told him what I know I already.
Whitney: I -- I don't know what to say. Thank you.
Whitney: You know, I better go to Theresa's and get dressed for the
wedding.
Chad: Yeah. So I'll see you at church?
Whitney: Ok.
Chad's voice: Whitney's right. If I were to show Ethan
this before the wedding, there's no way he's going to marry Theresa.
Miguel: Hey.
Charity: Hey.
Miguel: Try it on. You are going to look so beautiful when we get
married and you wear a mantilla just like that.
Charity: You know, I think I'd rather wait till our wedding day to try
it on.

Tabitha: My, oh, my. Look at Miguel kissing Charity.
Timmy: Timmy's
rather not.
Tabitha: Oh, cheer up, lad. At least they're only kissing. Were they to
do the deed, we'd be done for.
Timmy: Timmy just wishes Charity was
kissing Timmy.
Tabitha: Oh, it wouldn't last. Timmy: Why not?
Tabitha: Charity has no idea, but she and Miguel are headed for
disaster just like all the other lovers in Harmony.

Gwen: What is it?
Rebecca: I'm so nervous. I had to get out of the house.
Gwen: Why?
Rebecca: Because the tabloid you had the editor send Ivy arrived. She
took it with her upstairs, and n is with her. That means both of them
could see it.
Gwen: Oh. It's going to kill Ethan to think that Theresa sold him out.
Rebecca: Gwen, she lied to him about everything else.
Gwen: I know. You're right. Well, so what if she didn't actually send
the e-mail to the tabloid? She knew he wasn't a crane and still didn't
tell him. You know, add that to the list of devious things she's done to
snag him, and Theresa deserves what she gets. He's going to get rid of
her, and I can have him back.
Rebecca: Our plan is working perfectly.

Sheridan: Oh, see you at the church.
Pilar: Yes.
Sheridan: Thank you again for the beautiful mantilla.
Pilar: Bye,
Sheridan.
Cristina: Bye, Sheridan.
Sheridan: Bye.
Cristina: Enjoy your day.
Sheridan: Thank you.
Francisco: Bye.
Sheridan: Bye.
Cristina: ¿Que te pasa?

Pilar: Esa es la mama de Gwen. Es una bruja esa
mujer.
Cristina: No.
Rebecca: I happen to understand español, Pilar.
Pilar: Oh, good. Then
understand this -- tu eres una mala persona, Rebecca. Y no pienses por un
minuto que eres mejor que nosotros. Y te advierto que un dia de estos, vas
a pagar por todo lo que has hecho. And if that was too fast for you, then
understand this -- you are not welcome at this wedding.
Cristina: Por dios, Pilar. Don't let her spoil your day. Come on.
Rebecca: Hmm. Pilar may think she has the last word, but we'll have the
last laugh when Theresa's world just comes crushing down around her.

Grace: Before I fainted at Tabitha's, you said you'd come for me. That
implies you know me. Do you? S is no place for us to talk. The keys to the
handcuffs are on the desk over there. Free me up. Tell you everything you
want to know.
Grace: Oh, wait, I remember something else you said at Tabitha's. You
said you would take me away from all of this.
David: Grace, the keys.
Grace: Where would you take me? And why?
David: Unlock my handcuffs, and I'll tell you why I came to Harmony and
what it is that I want.
Grace: Why won't you tell my husband why you carried me to your room?
David: Grace, I have my reasons.
Grace: If you don't tell my husband, he's going to put you in jail.
David: No, he won't. Not if we talk first, alone, in private. Now
unlock the handcuffs. Do it now before Sam's back.
Grace: David, I can't unlock you. If you want to tell me why you've
come here, why you'll only talk to me, tell me now, before my husband
comes back.
David: You really don't know what I'm doing her do you?
Grace: Of course I don't. We have never met.
David: Oh, Grace. This really is not what I thought it would be.
Grace: How what would be? Why did you come here? What do you want from
me?
Sam: Malloy, I want you to check the car. Make sure it wasn't stolen,
all right? Grace, listen. Honey, this man is dangerous. I don't want you
anywhere near him.
Grace: Sam, I'm sorry. I was just trying to figure out why he'd come
here and why he would only talk to me. You know, I think he was about to
tell me something when you came in.
Sam: Well, either that or he was trying to set you up again, all right?
Trying to get to you -- crazy bastard.
Grace: You know, I don't think he's crazy. I really get the feeling he
thinks he knows me.
Sam: That isn't crazy?
Grace: Well, you know, I pointed out to him that we were alone. I said
that we could talk. You know, he said no, that we had to go someplace
else, someplace quiet, just the two of us.
Sam: You think we're playing games here? Well, we're not. Now either
you tell me what's going on or you're gong to spend a hell of a lot of
time behind bars and wished you had. Now what's it going to be?

Sheridan: I have dreamed of getting married for so long. I can't
believe it's actually going to happen. Oh, in just a few short hours, I am
going to be Mrs.. Luis Lopez Fitzgerald. "Till death do us part."
Gwen: That's what Luis has inscribed on your ring.
Sheridan: It's so romantic.
Gwen: Your rings are so beautiful. I hope I get one just like this when
I get married. I wonder if it fits me.
Sheridan: See for yourself. Certainly won't be bad luck for you to try
it on.

Ivy: Oh, Ethan. If you find whoever used that sleazy tabloid that
savaged our lives, I want a piece of them, too. Now having said that, I
don't want to discuss Julian and Rebecca or think any unpleasant thoughts
today on your wedding day. No, I'm -- I want to share something very
special and important with you.
Ethan: That's the Winthrop family bible.
Ivy: Mm-hmm. And inscribed in its pages are all of the births and
christenings and marriages in my family going back hundreds of years.
Let's see. Look, there you are. That's your birth. And there's your
christening. And today -- today I'm going to add Theresa's name as your
wife.
Ethan: That's very sweet, mother.
Ivy: You know, Ethan, I am -- I am really happy that you're marrying
Theresa. She's a wonderful girl, and I've grown to love her very much, and
I know -- I know that your marriage -- it's going to last a lifetime.
Ethan: I know it will.
Ivy: Just please cherish your love with Theresa. Don't let anything
come between it, like I did with your father.
Ethan: I'll see you at the church?
Ivy: Yeah. Oh. Oh.
Ethan: Thank you, mother. Don't forget to open your mail.
Ivy: Ok.
Ivy: Oh. Well, I guess I have time to open this before the wedding. Q
it's a law of nature...

Sam: So what's it going to be? You're going to talk to me or that wall
in your cell?
David: I told you. I'm only talking to Grace. Alone.
Sam: I've heard enough of your sick games. My wife and I have to go to
a wedding. Malloy? Ofc. Malloy: Yeah.
Sam: Lock him up. Ofc. Malloy: Yes, sir.
Sam: Listen, Grace, sorry you had to go through this. I mean, the guy's
clearly a nut case.
Grace: Sam, I don't think he's crazy, and I don't think he came to the
bed-and-breakfast by accident. He was looking for me. I mean, we both saw
the magazine he had with my picture in it.
Sam: Yeah, the guy's a stalker.
Grace: Sam, it's more than that. I get the strong feeling that he knows
me.
Sam: Well, how does he know you if you don't know him?
Grace: That's what scares me. I don't understand why any of this is
happening. What if David is a sign of more evil, more harm coming into our
lives?
Sam: I won't let him hurt you.
Grace: I don't know if you can stop him.
Sam: Come on, let's get out of here.

Miguel: The minute I saw you in the mantilla, Kay, I knew you were the
girl I wanted to marry. Not Charity.
Kay: Maybe I can still be good and
get Miguel to love me.

Timmy: Timmy hopes Pilar doesn't mind Timmy and
tabby eating her food.
Tabitha: Well, she said to make ourselves at home, so I'm going to read
my tea leaves and see if they predict gloom and doom and kaboom for us and
everyone else like my horoscope did. Pilar: Oh, Tabitha.
Tabitha: Well, look, Timmy, we have company. Would you care to join us?
I could read your tea leaves.
Francisco: No.
Cristina: ¿Las mias? Ni loca.&nbsp;
Pilar: Tabitha, thank you, but I don't need tea leaves to tell me that
Luis and Theresa's futures are going to be wonderful.&nbsp;
Tabitha's voice: Wonderful if you like death and destruction.

Sheridan: It's perfect.
Gwen: You make such a beautiful bride.
Sheridan: I'm so happy I -- I could cry. I just hope that someday you
marry the man of your dreams, too.
Gwen: I will. I'm sure.

Theresa: Where have you been? I mean, I was starting to worry.
Whitney: Oh, I just got caught up in something with Chad, but don't
even worry about it, ok? Because I would never let you down on your
wedding day.
Theresa: Well, now that you are here, everything is going to be
perfect. I mean, in just a few hours, Ethan and I will be married. Nothing
and no one will stop the wedding.
Whitney: I hope not.
Theresa: What's that supposed to mean? Do you know something that I
don't?

Chad: Ok. So I promised Whitney that I wouldn't tell Ethan, and I
won't. But at the Same time, if he asks me, I'm going to have to tell him.

Ethan: Hey, Chad.
Chad: Hey.
Ethan: You ready for the
Chad: Oh, you bet, dude. Let's do it, man.
Ethan: All right. Hey, I saw you looking at the tabloid. So, did you
find out who trashed my life by sending that e-mail?

Julian: Rebecca, what are you doing?
Rebecca: Oh -- well, I was just wondering if you heard any screams from
upstairs.
Julian: That's the second time you've asked me that. Why?
Rebecca: Well, Ivy was just so upset earlier, that's all.
Julian: No. I didn't hear Ivy scream. In fact, Ethan left earlier
walking on air.
Rebecca: Oh. Well, it should be any minute now.
Ivy: Well, this could have something to do with the wedding. I guess
I'd better open it.



  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 7/16/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 7/16/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Charity's voice: What's wrong with me? Why does seeing Kay in Theresa's
mantilla, bother me so much?

[Kay Daydreaming]Miguel: The minute I saw you in the mantilla, Kay, I knew you were the
girl I wanted to marry, not Charity.
Kay's voice: I can still be good and get Miguel. I know I can.

Tabitha: Are you quite certain, Pilar? I'm told that my tea leaf
readings are amazingly accurate.
Pilar: Tabitha, thank you. It's very nice of you to offer, but my
church doesn't endorse such things.
Tabitha: Well, but what about your brother and sister-in-law visiting
from your homeland?
Francisco: No, gracias, no.
Cristina: Me? No way, thank you. No way.
Pilar: And besides, Tabitha, it's not necessary. I already know what
the future holds for my beautiful children being married today --
everything blessed and wonderful. If you'll excuse me, I'm going to get a
vase.
Francisco: Yeah, let me help you.
Tabitha: I think even Pilar knows it will be a miracle if her children
live.
Pilar: Tabitha, did you say something?
Tabitha: Oh. I was just talking you know.
Francisco: Hey! There you are, Luis. Are you nervous yet?
Cristina: Are you kidding? Mi sobrino -- he's not scared of anything,
right?
Luis: Well, I wouldn't say that, but I'm definitely not nervous about
marrying Sheridan. We've worked through all our problems before today, and
I think the wedding's going to go off without a hitch.
Tabitha: As long as you don't count his bride keeling over at the altar
once he puts that poisoned ring on her finger.
Sheridan: Well, what do you think?
Gwen: It's perfect. It's simple and elegant, and I hope I get one
exactly like it when I get married.
Sheridan: I was talking about my hair.
Gwen: Oh! Your hair is -- oh, your hair is beautiful. You are going to
make the most stunning bride.
Sheridan: Thank you, Gwen. You know, I meant what I said earlier.
You're a real trouper for walking down the aisle with me when Luis and I
are having a double wedding with Ethan and Theresa.
Gwen: Well, what choice do I have, you know? I could either kick up a
fuss and refuse to accept the inevitable, or I can take the high road.
Sheridan: Still, I'm really proud of you. You know, not every woman
would be able to pick the latter.
Rebecca: The tabloid you had the editor send Ivy arrived. She took it
with her upstairs, and Ethan is with her. That means both of them are
going to see it.
Gwen: Oh. It's going to kill Ethan to think that Theresa sold him out.
Rebecca: Gwen, she lied to him about everything else.
Gwen: I know. You're right. So what if she didn't actually send the
e-mail to the tabloids? She knew he wasn't a crane and still didn't tell
him. You know, add that to this list of devious things she's done to snag
him and Theresa deserves what she gets. He's going to get rid of her, and
I can have him back.
Gwen's voice: Sorry, Sheridan. I hope the tabloid bombshell doesn't
ruin your wedding. I only want to wreck Ethan and Theresa's.
Sheridan: Whoa. What's the matter?
Gwen: I don't know. I -- I just feel awful all of a sudden. I don't --
I don't know what it could be.
Sheridan: You know what? Come here and sit. I'll go get you some water.

Gwen: Ok.

Theresa: Why did you say that you hope Ethan and I will be married in a
few hours?
[Whitney Flashback]Chad: Ok. Let's see what Mr. Editor was so determined to hide.
Whitney: What -- what is it?
Chad: It's a galley proof of tomorrow's paper.
Whitney: And what does it say?
Chad: "Surprise revelation -- former Ethan crane done in by his
fiancée."
Whitney: Theresa, it was stupid. I don't know why I even said it that
way. I --
Theresa: Whitney, there is something that you're not telling me. Now,
what is it? Is something going to stop Ethan and me from getting married?
So, did you find out who sent that e-mail?

Chad: Look, man, I know you said it was important for you to find out,
but I --
Ethan: Chad, there's no way I'm going to be able to go on with my
future unless I find out who stabbed me in the back about my past. Look, a
guy's got a right to know who he can and can't trust. Now, if you got the
name of the person who sent that e-mail, I want to hear it.
Chad: I do have something to tell you, man. But I think you might want
to prepare yourself because it might not be what you want to hear.
Rebecca: Are you sure you haven't heard any screaming in the last five
minutes?
Julian: For the last time, Rebecca, I'm positive. Good grief. Don't we
have enough on our plate without you being up to God knows what else? What
are you expecting to hear from up there?
Rebecca: Oh, wait till Ivy sees this. Oh. Oh. Theresa is finished.
Well, I just think that Ivy is under so much pressure right now -- you
know, what with being the mother of one of the grooms. And when she was so
upset about you having to, you know, turn off her phone lines earlier, I
just think anything could set her off today.
Julian: I suppose.
Rebecca's voice: Who knows what Ivy will do when she sees the tabloid?
She could kill Theresa and be sent to jail for the rest of her life. Oh,
wouldn't that be lovely! Two birds with one headline.
Ivy: This could have something to do with the wedding. Oh, I want
everything for Ethan and Theresa to be just perfect.
Muriel: Excuse me, Mrs.. Crane. I have your dress for the wedding.
Ivy: Oh. Oh, well, thank you, Muriel. I thought I gave the entire staff
the day off to go to the wedding.
Muriel: Pilar asked me to stay a while longer to make sure you had
everything you needed.
Ivy: Oh, isn't that just like her. She is so thoughtful. No. I think
I'm all set. No, go and enjoy the rest of your day.
Muriel: Thank you. Perhaps I can fix this with a bobby pin.
Ivy: Oh, that would be wonderful. Julian promised me he'd fix it
immediately, but, you know -- uh! You know, while you're doing That I
think I'm just going to go and get ready.

Julian: Thank God for you, Rebecca. I wouldn't make it through this day
without you.
Rebecca: Well, you don't have to worry about that. From now on, it's
you and me against the world.
Julian: It's just beginning to truly sink in that in a few hours my
sister will be dead. When she puts that ring on her finger, the poison
will seep into her bloodstream and she won't stand a chance.
Rebecca: Well, it's not like you had a choice. You couldn't defy
Alistair. It's the only way to keep Luis from marrying into the family
because once he does, he will not stop digging until he finds out what
happened to his father.
Julian: You're right. There is no alternative. Sheridan must die. I'm
just happy that I won't have to be at the church to watch Luis slip that
ring on her finger.

Sheridan: Here. How are you doing?
Gwen: Not too well, I'm afraid.
Sheridan: You know what? I think I better call a doctor.
Gwen: No, no, no. You know what? It came on so suddenly, it can't be
anything serious. I probably just -- oh! Oh!

Theresa: Look, I know when you're hiding something from me, so what is
it? Don't tell me that Ethan found out that I knew Sam Bennett was his
real father and didn't tell him. I mean that's the only thing I can think
of that would make call off the wedding. I mean, that's not it?
Whitney: Theresa, just --
Theresa: Oh, my God.
Whitney: Listen to me.
Theresa: No, no, it can't be it! I mean, all I've ever wanted is to
marry Ethan. Now, just tell me that's not it, Whitney. Tell me
everything's ok!

Ethan: Don't mess with my head, Chad. If you know who sold me out to
the tabloid, tell me.
Chad: All right, but before we deal with that issue -- and I know we've
talked about this before, but I still think there are some things that you
should consider, all right?
Ethan: You're not making sense.
Chad: Ok, ok. Let's take this hypo let's say there was a person who
knew you weren't a crane and they didn't tell you. And maybe they had
their own reasons for doing that, you know. Maybe they didn't want to hurt
you, they hoped it would just go away, you know, that it would never come
out. And then, I don't know, another person, a second person, came along
and found out that the first person had this information and it's the
second person who ruined your life.
Ethan: Look, cut to the chase, Chad, all right? Look -- do you know
whose computer sent that e-mail? If you do, tell me. You know, I thought
you were my friend.
Chad: I am, man! And I think you deserve to know the truth.

Kay: Oh -- Charity. How long have you been standing there?
Charity: Oh. I didn't mean to scare you. I just saw you there in
Theresa's mantilla and you had this faraway look in your eyes, so I didn't
really want to interrupt.
Kay: Oh, that's ok.
Charity: You were daydreaming about your own wedding someday, huh?
Kay: Oh, gee, how'd you guess?
Charity: I just knew. You looked really pretty and happy, though. But
you weren't with Reese.
Kay: You could see that much?
Charity: Well, actually, I could make out almost everything except the
face of the person you were marrying. Maybe I can conjure it up now. Hmm,
I can't see anything. Who were you marrying, Kay? Is it somebody that I
know?

Francisco: I'm proud of you, Luis. Not every groom is as cool and calm
as you on the morning of his wedding.
Luis: Well --
Hank: Well, that's Luis for you. Nothing rattles this guy. He's like a
rock!
Miguel: Yeah.
Hank: I'm hank.
Francisco: Hi.
Luis: This is my mother's brother, Francisco. And this is my oldest and
best friend, the Hank, the Hank!
Hank: Hey.
Luis: I was just telling Francisco how Sheridan and I had planned every
last detail of our wedding so there's really no reason for me to have
last-minute jitters.
Francisco: Oh, that's what I said on the morning of my wedding to la
luz de mi vida, Cristina. [Luis chuckles]
Francisco: I believed I'd thought of everything. But on the day of the
ceremony, it suddenly hit me. I thought of everything to do with the
wedding and nothing to do with our lives afterwards. But I'm sure Luis
hasn't made the same mistake, huh?
Luis: Well, Sheridan and I don't really have to worry about that. We're
pretty much going to stick with the way things are, so I don't really see
any transition. Besides, our love is so strong, I know we can deal with
any changes.
Francisco: Of course, no. Love is the most important thing. And surely,
you two have talked about how Sheridan will now be living on your salary
instead of the Crane fortune she's used to.
Luis: Yeah. Yeah, well, we've talked about it.
Francisco: Oh! Hey, no doubt you worked out a sensible budget that
after you pay the rent, utilities, and gas for your car, there would be
enough money left over for at least one or two meals a day -- cooked by
your beautiful bride and --
Luis: Sheridan cook? Look, everything's going to be fine, ok? I am used
to feeding a lot of mouths on the paycheck that I bring home.
Francisco: Of course, yeah. But you've always had the benefit of your
mother's income as well, no? Ah! Not to worry, huh? I'm sure you and
Sheridan will have no trouble getting by in a small one-bedroom apartment,
hmm? Of course, but when the babies come, you will need a house, hmm? But
I'm certain you've already started a special savings account for that.
Huh? And niños -- whoo! The things they need -- clothes and schoolbooks
and braces for their little teeth and -- ah, but no matter, huh? Whatever
life dishes out, I'm sure my big brave nephew can handle it!
Luis: Yeah.

Theresa: Ethan knows I found out he wasn't a Crane and didn't tell him.
That's it, Whitney, isn't it?
Whitney: Theresa, Theresa, I did not say that. I am so sorry that I
upset you. No, no, I -- I was thinking about all the tiny little things
that have to be in place in order for a wedding to go smoothly. And I'm
wondering how anyone ever gets through all of that stuff. You know? I
mean, like making sure that the musicians are there on time and that the
limo isn't late to the church -- come on.
Theresa: Really? That -- that's all that you meant?
Whitney: Absolutely.
Theresa: Gosh. I am completely losing it. I -- I guess I -- I just
can't believe that my dream is, like, finally coming true. I mean, I have
dreamed of marrying Ethan for so long, I would die if something happened
to mess it up now.
Whitney: I know. But it is getting late. I think you should finish your
hair and makeup, ok, so --
Theresa: You are so right.
Whitney: Ok.
Theresa: I'll be back.
Whitney: Ok. [Phone rings]
Chad: Hang on a second, man. Hello.
Whitney: Chad, it's me.
Ethan: Look, Chad, tell them you'll call them back. Whoever it is, they
can wait. Look, I want that name.
Whitney: Oh, my God. Is that Ethan? Listen to me -- you cant tell him
about the tabloid. You promised me you wouldn't say anything.
Chad: Except under certain circumstances.
Whitney: He asked you straight out?
Chad: You got it.
Whitney: Well, you know what? It does not matter. You cannot do this to
Theresa, ok? I almost told her myself just now, and you should have seen
her face. I think if she found out that she would lose it for sure.
Ethan: Look, who is it, Chad? Can't you tell them that you'll call them
back?
Chad: It's Whitney.
Ethan: Is everything ok? There's nothing wrong with Theresa, is there?
Chad: No, no, no, no. As far as I know, she's fine.
Whitney: Promise me that you will not tell Ethan about the tabloid. If
you do, he won't marry her, and you know that they love each other, Chad.
Please. I mean, you're the one always telling me about the power of love.
Chad: Look, Whitney, I got to go.
Theresa: Hey. Who was that?
Whitney: Hey. Chad.
Theresa: Oh, please tell me things are back to normal with you two.
Whitney: No, sorry. We were just, you know, going over a couple of
last-minute things for the ceremony, that's all. Whitney's voice: Please,
Chad, do the right thing.

Sheridan: You know, Gwen, I really think I should call a doctor.
Gwen: No, you know what? I'm going to be fine, Sheridan. I'm just going
to go -- I'm going to splash some cold water on my face. I'm sure that'll
do the trick.
Sheridan: Ok.

Julian: Would you cut that out! You're making me nervous.
Rebecca: I -- I'm sorry. I guess I'm just a little antsy myself. Would
you mind if I called Gwen?
Julian: Go ahead. [Phone rings]
Sheridan: Hello?
Rebecca: Well! If it isn't the bride-to-be herself.
Sheridan: Oh, don't try and act happy for me, Rebecca, after what you
and Julian did to try and stop my wedding.
Rebecca: Oh. Let's not rehash the past, shall we? Is Gwen around?
Sheridan: Actually, she's in the bathroom. She's not feeling well.
Rebecca: Well, what's wrong?
Sheridan: I don't know. It was the strangest thing. We were standing
here talking, and then she tried my wedding ring on and all of a sudden
she --
Rebecca: Uh --
Sheridan: Rebecca, you there?
Julian: Rebecca, what is it?
Rebecca: Gwen tried on Sheridan's wedding ring.

Ethan: Maybe it's not taking the high road, but I want revenge against
the person that leaked this information to the tabloid. Now, if you know
who sent it, I want to hear it.
Chad: Well, that's just the thing, dude. I gave it my best shot, but I
came up empty.
Ethan: But you just told me to prepare for the worst.
Chad: Yeah, for the fact that I couldn't give you a name, man. I'm
sorry. [Ethan sighs]
Ethan: It's ok.
Chad: Yeah.
Ethan: Thanks for trying.
Chad: You bet, man.
Ethan: Oh, man. I got to get to the church. I'll be late. Chad, will
you do me a favor? Make sure Theresa has everything she needs, run by her
house?
Chad: Oh, yeah. You got it.
Ethan: All right. I'll see you in a while, best man.
Chad: Yeah.


Muriel: It's not fixed, but it's better than it was before.

Ivy: Oh. Thank you so much, Muriel. Now, please, go. Enjoy the rest of
your day.
Muriel: You sure you don't need me?
Ivy: No. I think I'm all set. Now, please, the staff's already, oh. I
can finally see what's in this envelope.

Charity: Who is he, Kay? Who were you going to marry in your fantasy
wedding?
Kay: Well, I thought you could read my mind.
Charity: Almost. I can make out almost everything, but the groom's face
is kind of fuzzy. I can't be quite sure who he is yet.
Charity: Really?
Kay: Well, I mean, who says a girl our age has to know who we're going
to marry anyway? When I dream about my wedding, I picture what the church
will look like, what kind of ceremony I'll have, my dress, my veil --
things like that.
Charity: Hmm. I guess it's just different for me. I think once you meet
the person you're going to marry, none of the rest of that matters. All I
can think about is him waiting for me at the end of the aisle, ready to
make a commitment to me in front of God and my family, my friends. You'll
understand once you fall in love, Kay.

Luis: Damn it. I don't know what's wrong with me.
Pilar: There's no need for profanity, Luis.
Cristina: Don't be angry with my nephew, Pilar. It's not his fault.
It's my husband's fault, my grown husband, playing tricks on him. Yes,
you!
Luis: What?
Cristina: Like if you were a schoolboy -- naughty.
Hank: Man, you should have seen your face when your uncle said the word
"budget."
Miguel: No, no, no. Hank, the best part was when he was talking about
the kids' braces. [Miguel laughs]
Luis: Oh, you dirty rotten --
Francisco: No, no. Wait, wait. You heard your mother, huh? No swearing
in la casa. [Miguel and hank laugh]
Francisco: Besides, hey, there was some truth to what I said.
Luis: I know. That's the problem.
Pilar: What is, mijo?
Luis: I'm getting married today! I'm about to make the most important
step in my life and I have no idea how to manage. I'm going to have a
wife, kids, rent. Miguel oh, don't forget the braces.
Cristina: Oh, shut up. Don't worry about it. I'll make you some more
coffee, nephew.
Francisco: Better make it decaffeinated.
Cristina: Ay.
Tabitha: Luis doesn't need to worry about his children's
braces. There won't be any children. Sheridan's going to be dead before
the ceremony's over. Hmm.

Sheridan: Are you still there?

Rebecca: We got to get over there and get that ring off Gwen's finger
before it kills her!
Julian: Wait, wait -- we can't alert Sheridan. She can't realize the
ring is poisoned.
Rebecca: I don't care! I got to save my daughter! I'll -- I'll be right
there!
Julian: Ahem.
Sheridan: Hey. You feeling any better?
Gwen: I'm not sure. I think -- I think maybe all I need to --
Sheridan: Oh, my God! Gwen!

Charity: Hi.
Miguel: Hey.
Charity: Oh.
Miguel: You know, all this talk about weddings is making me wish we
were getting married today.

Hank: Chad.
Chad: Hey, how's it going, man?
Hank: So, how'd things go last night?
Chad: I'll fill you in later, all right?
Hank: Ok.
Chad: Hey. So how's everybody doing?
Miguel: Everybody's great except Luis.
Luis: I heard that.
Miguel: He's kind of stressing. [Laughter]
Luis: I am -- no, I'm not stressing. I'm cool as a cat, cucumber,
whatever -- fine. Chad, I would love for you to meet my aunt and uncle.
How are you, Chad? Nice meeting you.
Chad: Nice to meet you. You, too. Thank you.
Francisco: Hi, how do you do?
Chad: Very well, thanks.

Timmy: Kay's still trying to be good.
Tabitha: She'd better give it up soon. We need her to help keep Charity
and Miguel from making love into her full powers, and you know what that
means.
Timmy: Timmy and tabby will be toast.

Whitney: Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention, please? Now
presenting one of today's beautiful brides --
Luis: Oh.
Whitney: Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald.
Luis: Oh. [Applause]
Whitney: Tell me you didn't give Theresa away to Ethan.
Chad: I couldn't after you told me not to.
Whitney: Oh.

Tabitha: Hmm. Don't get your hopes up, Chad. You two don't stand any
more of a chance than Ethan and Theresa.
Ivy: Oh, I forgot to call Millicent. Oh. Oh! Damn! Julian -- he forgot
to get my phone line turned back on. Well -- uh-oh. Oh, no, Muriel must
have left her keys.
Ivy: Well, she'll come back for them.
Ivy: Hello?
Ethan: Mother, it's me.
Ivy: Oh, Ethan, where are you?
Ethan: I'm at the church. Where are you?
Ivy: Oh, I'm still home -- but I'm all dressed. How are you feeling?
Ethan: Well, aside from a minor case of the butterflies, I feel like
the luckiest man alive.
Ivy: Well, you are. You're marrying the woman you love.
Ethan: I just hope I can make her happy.
Ivy: Well, of course you will. Why would you even say that?
Ethan: It's just that I haven't given much thought to what's next.
Where are we going to live? How am I going to support her?
Ivy: Oh, sweetheart, you will be fine. You can worry about all those
minor details later. Your wedding day is going to be wonderful. And we
already know it's not going to end up like mine.
Ethan: It must have been terrible when you realized that you were
tricked into getting married.
Ivy: Tricked and lied to. Oh, Ethan. Thank God you're never going to
know how that feels.

Sheridan: Gwen! Gwen, wake up! Please, wake up! Oh, my God. Water. I'll
get some more water!
Julian: Oh.
Rebecca: Oh, my God! Gwen? Gwen? Oh, give me that. Oh, my God. No,
she's still not waking up?
Sheridan: I don't know what happened! She was fine a few minutes ago!
Rebecca: Gwen?
Julian: I hope we're not too late.
Rebecca: Gwen, please wake up.
Sheridan: Gwen!
Rebecca: Oh, sweetheart, wake up! Gwen?
Sheridan: What's wrong?

Ethan: Look, mother, I have to go, but thank you for helping me banish
my butterflies.
Ivy: Any time, darling. I'll see you soon, ok? I love you.
Ivy: Oh, I've got to see what's in this envelope.

Whitney: Forget that just happened, ok?
Chad: No, that's impossible. And I don't see how you can forget it
either.
Whitney: Well, I have to, so I will.
Chad: You know, Whitney, you know what your problem is? You speak out
of both sides of your mouth.
Whitney: Oh, now you're going to insult me? That's going to help?
Chad: Well, hey,, you talk this big game about true love -- only when
it comes to Ethan and Theresa, though, you know -- how we got to do
everything in our power to save them from splitting up. So, how come you
can't even lift one finger to save us?
Whitney: That's not the same thing at all.
Chad: I hope you know what you're doing.
Whitney: So do I, Chad.

Luis: Mama? Hey. Don't be upset because papa's not here. Did I tell you
that Paloma called today? We had a great conversation. She said she's
going to come as soon as she can.
Pilar: Oh. I just wish that she and Antonio and your father could be
here today.
Theresa: Mama, it's going to be perfect anyway. I mean, look, we have
each other.
Luis: Yeah. And I promise as soon as Sheridan and I get married, I'm
going to pick up where I left off and find out what happened to papa.
Miguel: Hey, I mean, whatever you find out, we'll still always have
each other.
Luis: That's right.
Pilar: I have no reason to complain. I am the richest woman in the
world.
Luis: Huh?
Francisco: Well, hey, we hate to break such a nice family moment, but
we don't know how to get to the church.
Luis: Uh-huh. The church.
Chad: You see, I'm on my way over there right now, so if you want, you
can just follow me, ok?
Cristina: Oh, great.
Francisco: Ok.
Cristina: So we should --
Luis: Yeah, Theresa.
Theresa: Ok.
Luis: All right.
Cristina: Bye-bye.
Theresa: Bye-bye. Pilar and
Luis: Bye.
Luis: You almost ready? We got to go before too long.
Theresa: Oh. Yeah, whit, will you help me get everything together?
Whitney: Yeah, of course.

Tabitha: Hmm. Little do any of them know that their lives will never be
the same.

Rebecca: Gwen, sweetheart, wake up, please!
Sheridan: You're acting like she's going to die.
Julian: Oh -- not at all. Rebecca's just a very devoted mother.
Rebecca: Oh. Oh. Oh, thank God you're all right.
Sheridan: We were getting ready for the wedding, and then all of a
sudden you felt terrible.
Rebecca: Oh, here. Here, Gwen. Here, have some water.
Gwen: Maybe -- ahem -- maybe I was just dehydrated.
Julian: Yes. Yes. That must be it.
Gwen: Well, whatever it is, I feel much better now.
Sheridan: Good. But, you know, I really think you should forget about
the ceremony and go see a doctor.
Gwen: Oh, no, no. There's no way I'm going to miss this wedding.
Sheridan: All right. It's sweet that it means so much to you to see me
get married.
Julian: Well, Rebecca, perhaps we should go back to the main house.
Sheridan: Please do, Julian. And I would appreciate it if you and
Rebecca never came back here again.
Gwen: Sheridan.
Sheridan: I'm sorry, Gwen. You and I are friends and we always will be,
but your mother and my brother went way out of their way to try and break
up Luis and me. I never want them in my house again. So if you will excuse
us, please.
Julian: Ahem.
Rebecca: Are you sure you're all right?
Gwen: Yeah, you should go.
Rebecca: You sure?
Gwen: Yeah.
Gwen: You know what? Forget about them and concentrate on marrying Luis
today.
Sheridan: You're right. My future with him is all that matters now.
Rebecca: Oh, thank God I got that ring off Gwen's finger before it
poisoned her to death.
Julian: I know there's still enough poison on that ring for Sheridan.
Poor girl. She thinks when Luis puts that ring on her finger it's going to
be the start of a brand-new happy life for her.
Rebecca: It will be. But it's a life that will only last a few minutes.


Cristina: Ah, you must be Teresita's prince charming.
Chad: How'd you guess?
Francisco: He's pacing like a man who knows his fate is sealed, uh?
Ethan: And you must be Theresa's aunt and uncle. It is a pleasure to
meet you. I've heard wonderful things about you.
Cristina: So have we. And you know what? We are really, really looking
forward to this wedding.
Ethan: Oh, so am I. I mean, this is the happiest day of my life.

Miguel: Hey, Tabitha, what's with the rice?
Tabitha: Oh, I'm going to give your brother and sister a proper send
off when they come out.
Miguel: Yeah, but --
Kay: Tabitha, you're not supposed to throw anything at them until after
the wedding.
Miguel: Exactly.
Tabitha: But I'm not going to the wedding, so I want to do it now.
Hank: Wait, aren't you coming to the church with us?
Tabitha: Oh, I wouldn't trust myself to attend. I blubber like a baby
at weddings and funerals.
Charity: Oh, well, Tabitha, I hate to put a damper on things, but
nowadays, we don't throw rice anymore. We throw confetti.
Tabitha: Why do we do that?
Charity: Well, actually, it's because of the birds. They eat the rice
and then it pops up in their stomach and they die.
Tabitha: What do I care about stupid birds?
Whitney: They're coming! [Theresa giggles]
Hank: Ooh.
Luis: Come on, folks. Tabitha, Tabitha, that's for after the wedding,
huh?
Tabitha: Oh, well, it's for good luck. Not that you need it.
Luis: Right. Come on!
Tabitha: Oh, what I wouldn't give to see today's pain and suffering in
person. Ethan and Theresa are going to be torn asunder forever. And
Sheridan's going to drop dead at the altar. Has there ever been a more
perfect wedding, Timmy? I don't think so. Come on, lad. Ooh. Cheep, cheep.
Cheep, cheep.

Sheridan: Ok. What am I missing?
Gwen: Absolutely nothing. You are the most beautiful bride I've ever
seen, and Luis is not going to believe his eyes.
Sheridan: Oh, the rings.
Gwen: I have them right here. Don't worry about a thing.
Sheridan: Ok, ok.
Gwen: Let's go.
Sheridan: Let's go.

Julian: You realize this is the last time I'm going to see my sister
alive?
Rebecca: I'm sorry it had to be this way, Julian.
Julian: So am I. But as you reminded me, there's nothing to be done.
What father wants, father gets. I'll see you back at the main house. I
want to be alone for a few moments.
Rebecca: It's not just Sheridan that's going to have a bad day. By the
time today is over, Theresa is going to wish she were dead.

Ivy: What is this? Is this somebody's idea of a sick joke? Oh. Oh! Oh,
that little bitch! I will kill her! Oh!

  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 7/17/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 7/17/01






Proofread by
		 Elissia Tabitha: Will today's double wedding be a lesson in pain and suffering?

Demon: Yes. When Luis unwittingly slips the poisoned wedding ring on
Sheridan's finger, it's ding-dong, the bride is dead.
Tabitha: And what about Ethan and Theresa?
Demon: The tabloid headline from hell will tear them apart. And a livid
Ivy Crane will be driven to murder.
Timmy: Oh. Timmy guesses it could be worse.
Demon: And as an evil bonus --
Timmy: Timmy and his big mouth.
Demon: The stranger stalking Grace Bennett will tear her away from her
family and destroy her life.
Tabitha: Oh, this calls for a celebration. To love and happiness being
destroyed. Let's have our own wedding, Tim Tim, you and I.

T.C.: That creep actually took Grace back to his room at the b and b?
Unbelievable.
Sam: Look, the guy's a stalker. He says he'll only talk to Grace alone.
No way I'm going to let that happen.
T.C.: I don't blame you.

Eve: Grace, are you ok?
Grace: Yeah, I'm fine except for wondering who this David Hastings is.
I mean, what could he want from me?
Eve: Why don't you just try and take that off your mind.
Grace: Wish I could, Eve, but I can't. I had a premonition that he took
me away from my family and everyone that I love.

Cristina: The beautiful lasso of flowers is a tradition in our culture.

Francisco: Cristina and I will bring the lasso up to you and Theresa
after you kneel in front of the priest. We'll put one end around you, her
and Theresa, then tighten the lasso until you're pulled close together.

Chad: Hey, that sounds pretty cool.
Whitney: Hey, both you guys have to shoo. Come on, come on.
Luis: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whitney: Theresa and Sheridan are on their way to the bridal room, ok?
You guys can't see them before the ceremony. It's bad luck. Go on. Go.
Luis: Well, it's a little too late.
Ethan: We already saw our brides today.&nbsp;
Whitney: Yeah, well, no one else knows that, so just pretend like
you're honoring some noble tradition, ok? We don't want bad luck. Let's
go. Come on.
Francisco: We'll all go inside then.
Cristina: Come on, Luis. Pretty soon you and your beautiful bride are
going to be together for the rest of your lives.
Jessica: Psst. Is the coast clear?
Whitney: Yep.
Jessica: Ok, it's safe to come in.&nbsp;
Reese: Wow. You two look beautiful. Like angels.
Theresa: Oh, thank you, Reese.&nbsp;
Kay's voice: I have to be good. I have to be good.
Charity: I can't wait for our own wedding someday.
Miguel: You ok?
[Sheridan screams]
Miguel: Charity, what's wrong?
Charity: It's nothing.
Charity's voice: At least I hope it's nothing.
Sheridan: I'm sure that Everything will be perfect for us today.
Theresa: Nothing will ruin our wedding.
Gwen's voice: Nothing except a
tabloid headline naming you as the person who revealed Ethan isn't a
Crane. Enjoy your bliss, Theresa, because this is as close as you're going
to get to being Ethan's wife.

Rebecca: If we hadn't gotten to the cottage in time, then Gwen would
have been killed by wearing Sheridan's poisoned wedding ring.
Julian: Well, we did get to the cottage in time, and Gwen is just fine.
Alas, Sheridan is not. I've already lost my son. Now I'm about to lose my
sister. Poor Sheridan, sacrificed simply because Luis might find out what
really happened to his father were he to marry her and gain full access to
the Crane estate. Well, why don't we talk about more pleasant things, hmm?

Rebecca: Are you sure you haven't heard any screams coming from Ivy's
room?
Julian: Why do you keep asking me that? What is going on?
Rebecca: Well, I -- [telephone rings]
Rebecca: Hello?
Gwen: Has Ivy seen the tabloid yet?
Rebecca: No, I don't think so. But when she does, she is going to make
mincemeat out of Theresa and Ethan will be yours again.
Gwen: I can't wait to see Theresa get what's coming to her. Bye.
Statue: Shame on you, Gwen Hotchkiss. Your plot to ruin Theresa's
happiness will bring evil to Harmony. Beware that what you destroy is not
your own life.
Ivy: "Surprise revelation: Former Ethan Crane done in by his fiancée."
Oh, Theresa did this. Oh, that little bitch! I will kill her for
destroying my son's life. I swear to God I will kill her!&nbsp;
Tabitha: A devil's food cake to commemorate the wedding from hell which
Sheridan and Luis and Ethan and Theresa will suffer through.
Timmy: Then Timmy and tabby aren't getting married?
Tabitha: Married? What is this, "Jerry Springer"? When I said we'd have
our own wedding, I meant we'd have a wedding reception, a party to
dishonor the ill-fated foursome. [Tabitha plays "taps"] [cat meows]
Tabitha: Well, I'm not going to let you and fluffy dampen my mood.
Timmy: Why is tabby so upbeat when your horoscope predicts nothing but
doom, gloom, and kaboom?
Tabitha: Because with all the evil aimed at today's wedding, I doubt
there'll be enough left over to zap us with. [Wind chimes ring] [moaning]
Timmy: Do you know who that sounded like, tabby? Norma, from the motel
that Timmy and tabby stayed at when they were on the run from Hecuba.
[Tabitha screams]
Tabitha: Norma? No, it couldn't be that ax-wielding psycho. After
trying to slice and dice us, she's probably been locked up in a nut house
by now.
Norma: Oh, fudge! Ever since Tabitha and Timmy were here, father can't
keep his head on straight. I'll make those two freaks pay for hurting you,
father. [Low voice] that's right, Norma. Make them pay! Kill them. Kill
them both! [Normal voice] oh, I will, father. I will. And this time --
this time they won't get away.&nbsp;

Statue: Beware of the evil your plotting will soon unleash.
Gwen: Ok. Whoo. So getting sick earlier at Sheridan's just made me a
little dizzy. And there's nothing evil about me wanting to have Ethan
back. Theresa's evil for stealing him from me in first place. But once
Ethan and Ivy see today's tabloid, she's going to get what's coming to her
and I can get Ethan back.

Ethan: We've come a long way, haven't we, Luis?
Luis: Yeah. Yeah, we sure have. You're going to be my brother after
today. You'll be part of our family, and, well, as my brother-in-law, I
just want you to know that I'll fight for you just like I would fight for
anyone else in my family.
Ethan: I feel the same way.

Sheridan: Hey. I had no idea we were so
close to starting the wedding. We've got to get back to the brides' room
and finish getting ready.
Theresa: Ok, ok.
Pilar: I'm going to see if Francisco and Cristina need
my help.
Kay: Ok.

Whitney: Well, Everyone is so happy. I think we did the right thing not
telling Theresa and Ethan about the tabloid.
Chad: Yeah. Yeah, maybe you're right, I mean, the tabloid won't be out
till after the wedding, so Ethan and Theresa can enjoy getting married. At
least nobody can take that away from them.

Julian: What are you hiding from me, Rebecca? After Ivy hid the fact
that Ethan wasn't my son for some 20-odd years from me, I'm just a wee bit
sensitive to women and their secrets.
Rebecca: I'm not trying to hide anything from you, pookie. I just
wanted to make sure something was true before I told you.
Julian: Well, then out with it.
Rebecca: Well, I heard from a little birdie who the person was that
e-mailed the tabloid with Ivy's secret, the one that Ethan is Sam's son.
Julian: Who? Who?
Rebecca: Well, you can imagine my shock when I found out that the
tipster is none other than Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald. And the tabloid is
running the story today.
Ivy: Ok, think. How would Theresa have this information? Pilar knew,
but Pilar would never have told her, never. Oh, who cares how Theresa
knew? She knew! It's here in black and white! Oh, that traitor! That
two-faced little traitor. Theresa is going to die!

Eve: Grace, don't you even worry about this David person. Now that Sam
has him locked up, everything's going to be fine.
Grace: You know, Eve, I have never even seen him before. Why would he
suddenly show up in Harmony saying that he's come for me?
Eve: Let Sam find out. You just concentrate on your family and
rebuilding your house.
Grace: I can't do that. I think I have to talk to him. I have to know
what's going on.
Eve: No. No, Grace, that is not a good idea. Now, based on what Sam
said, this man sounds like he could be unbalanced. No, you just forget
him. Oh, T.C.'s waving at me.
Grace: I can't do that, Eve. I have to find out more about this David
Hastings.&nbsp;
Officer: Hastings. Make your one call.
David: Yeah, it's me. Calling from Harmony. Yeah, I found her. It's
Grace, no doubt about it. Yeah, I know what I have to do. And I will. And
if I know Grace, she can't stop thinking about who I am or why I'm here.
She'll be by to see me soon. And when she does, I'll take her away from
here. I'll take her further away from Harmony than she ever thought
possible.

Whitney: Well, I better go help Theresa finish getting ready.
Chad: Hey, Whit. Listen, I was thinking about how you kissed me before
when I said I didn't tell Ethan about the tabloid story on Theresa sending
that e-mail, and --
Whitney: I told you to just forget about that kiss, ok?
Chad: Yeah, well, I can't, all right? And despite your denial, I don't
think you can, either. You know, and the fact that you can just worry
about Ethan and Theresa's love and sacrifice ours just because you made
some promise to Simone that she don't Even know about I think is just
whack.
Whitney: Look, I told you, I can't and I won't hurt my little sister.
Chad: What about us? True love comes once. Once in a lifetime, Whitney.
And you're just throwing ours away.
Whitney: I'm sorry.
Francisco: Another part of the ceremony are the arras, where 13 gold
coins in a miniature white coffer will symbolize prosperity in the homes
that Ethan, Theresa, Luis, and Sheridan will share.
Father Lonigan: I'm familiar with the cultural significance of the
arras. I've performed a number of Hispanic marriages.
Ethan: I hope they come in bigger denominations because I don't have a
job yet.
Cristina: Don't worry. Don't worry, Ethan. You know what? You'll
eventually get one, and meanwhile, you and Theresa can live on love.
Ethan: You know, she's starting to sound like Theresa now.
Sam: What a strange day. I have a son getting married -- a son I barely
know.
Eve: Oh, Sam. I know this must hurt you very much. I can't imagine what
it would be like to have a son suddenly appear out of nowhere into my
life.

Jessica: Charity, what's wrong?
Charity: It's nothing.
Jessica: I'm your cousin. We live together? I think I can tell when
something's bothering you. What is it?
Charity: I had a premonition about Sheridan during the wedding
rehearsal -- that she was in terrible pain during the actual ceremony.
Jessica: Nervous, maybe, but Sheridan looks fine to me.
Charity: Look, I know. It doesn't make sense to me, either, but I can't
get over the feeling that there's evil close by, that terrible violence is
coming to the church.
Jessica: But what kind of evil could come to a church?&nbsp;

Sheridan: Oh, my goodness. The rings. I have got to get the rings to
Luis.
Gwen: Relax, Sheridan. I have them right here.
Sheridan: Ok.
Gwen: Ok?&nbsp;
Sheridan: Sorry.&nbsp; ok.
Charity: I'll take them to Luis.
Gwen: Oh, ok. [Sheridan screams]
Gwen: Charity, what's wrong? You dropped the ring as though it hurt you
to touch it.

Julian: Theresa sent the damning e-mail? That doesn't make sense.
[Telephone rings]
Julian: Hello?&nbsp;
Alistair: How nice of you to stop drinking long enough to answer the
phone.
Julian: Father. To what do I owe the displeasure of this call?&nbsp;
Alistair: After I hang up, I want you and Rebecca to go into the
library.
Julian: Are you starting a book club like Oprah?&nbsp;
Alistair: I've arranged a video feed from the wedding to be sent
directly to your television in the library. You and Rebecca will have a
front-row seat watching Sheridan die.
Julian: I do not want to watch my sister die.&nbsp;
Alistair: What was that, Julian? You were mumbling again. Come on,
speak up like a man.
Julian: Father, do you know who sent the e-mail to the tabloid
revealing that Ethan was Sam's son?&nbsp;
Alistair: That's old news, Julian. My sources told me days ago it was
Theresa.
Julian: Odd, isn't it? I thought she truly loved Ethan. Alistair: I
don't give a whit about love or about Ethan, since Ivy's bastard is no
longer a Crane. What happens to him has nothing to do with us.&nbsp;
Rebecca's voice: That's what you think, Alistair.
Julian: Did you know that --&nbsp;
Alistair: Yes, yes, yes. Gwen put on the poisoned ring and almost died.
That's why I called.
Rebecca: Oh, thank you for your concern, Alistair.&nbsp;
Alistair: I'm not concerned. But you two should be. If you do anything
to bollix Sheridan putting on that wedding ring, not only will she have to
die some other horrible death, but I'll make certain you two suffer an
equally painful demise. So for your sakes, Sheridan had better die today.

Tabitha: Isn't this a marvelous party, Timmy? Who says we can't have
our cake and eat it too, huh?
Timmy: The cake was yummy.
Tabitha: I can't remember a better day.
Demon: Enjoy it, Tabitha. You won't be happy for long.
Tabitha: And why not?
Demon: Because your death draws nearer by the minute. Consider yourself
warned.

Norma: Now, let's see. Where is it? Where is it? Ooh. Ooh. I'm sorry,
father. Let's see. Ah. Here we are. "Tabitha Lenox and Timmy." From back
east. Yeah, a town called Harmony. Oh. Well, Tabitha and Timmy of Harmony,
you're about to have a visitor. It's time to prepare and look sharp. Oh.

Sam: Ethan, I just want to say thank you again for including Kay and
Jessica in the wedding.
Ethan:, No, I'm glad to. You know, they're my half sisters. We're
family now.
Sam: Yeah, look, I -- I hope we can get closer. I mean, we never really
had a chance to sit down since what happened happened.
Ethan: I'd like that. How about first thing after the honeymoon?
Sam: Deal. And, Ethan, know that I wish you and Theresa the very best.
Ethan: Thanks. You know, it means a lot to me to have both my parents'
support. I just wonder why my mother isn't here yet.
Sam: Well, her oldest son is getting married. This has got to be one of
the biggest days of her life. She's probably taking a little extra time to
look perfect for you and Theresa.
Ethan: Yeah, you're probably right. She wouldn't miss this for
anything. She's probably so excited she's about to bust.

Ivy: Oh, Theresa is going to pay for hurting my son! As God is my
witness, Theresa is going to pay!
Julian: We best get to the library. Father will be put out if we miss
the ceremony.
Rebecca: We don't want that.
Julian: What else do you know about Theresa e-mailing the tabloid?
Rebecca: Well, I'm afraid I don't have anything else to tell you.
Except for one thing. Ivy has a copy of the tabloid in her room. You see,
that's what came for her in that envelope earlier. You see, I peeked.
That's why I've been asking you if you've heard her scream.
Julian: Oh, my. Ivy's screams and gnashing of teeth will be the least
of it. She'll kill Theresa. She'll -- she'll rip her limb from limb with
her bare hands. Who knows -- my soon-to-be ex-wife may end up in prison
for murder. I bet I wouldn't have to pay one penny of alimony.
Ivy: Hurt my son? Not while there is breath in my body! You are going
to die, Theresa! You're going to die! [Ivy screams]
Rebecca: Oh. I guess Ivy saw the tabloid.
Julian: Yes. Now it's adios, Theresa.
Ivy: Die! Die! Die!&nbsp;

Ethan: Sam, my -- my mother told me about your past together, how you
two first met, that you saved her from drowning, and shortly after that,
you fell deeply and passionately in love.
Sam: That's true.
Ethan: Well, I know my mother thought that maybe you two could get back
together once everyone knew that you were my father.
Sam: Look, Ivy made her desire quite clear, but she knows now that I
love Grace and I'll always love Grace.
Ethan: Look, I know it's awkward, but -- and like I said, I know about
your past with my mother.
Sam: Ethan, is there something you're trying to ask me?
Ethan: Yeah. Yeah, there is. Look, the night I was conceived was my
mother's wedding night to Julian. I just wanted to know how you felt about
her then.
Sam: Look, I think I know what you're getting at here, all right? You
have nothing to worry about. You were conceived in love, great love. And
if Ivy would have married me instead of Julian, we'd still be married
today because that's the way I feel about marriage -- it's forever. That's
why I'll always be with Grace.
Ethan: That's how I feel about it, too.
Sam: Good. Protect your marriage. Protect it with everything you have.
And if you ever think that anyone or anything is a threat to your
marriage, you deal with it head-on.
Grace's voice: Maybe that's what my premonitions have been trying to
tell me -- that David's a threat to my marriage. I am going to take Sam's
advice to Ethan. I am going to deal with David before he causes any more
trouble.
Ethan: We are definitely on the same page about marriage. I could never
imagine leaving Theresa, and there's nothing she could do to make me stop
loving her.

Chad: I don't know if Ethan and Theresa will be able to survive this.

Grace: I'm going to go talk to David.
Eve: No, Grace. Don't.
Grace: Eve, look, he won't talk to me in front of Sam, and I need to
know what he's going to say, so I have to go alone.
Eve: What if he tries to hurt you?
Grace: He's locked in a jail cell. Come on, how is he going to hurt me?

Eve: There are other ways, Grace.
Grace: And I think he is a threat to my marriage, so I'm going to deal
with this head-on. Now, please, I need you to cover for me. Don't tell Sam
that I've --
Eve: No, no. Grace, I -- no.
Grace: Please, Eve? I need to do this.
Eve: All right.
Grace: Thanks. You know what? I'll be back before Sam even notices I'm
gone.

Hank: Yo, Luis. Your best man needs the rings.
Luis: Yeah, the rings. Hank, I forgot the rings.
Miguel: Oh, my God.
Hank: I told you he'd freak out, didn't I?
Luis: Oh, you know, that's right. Sheridan has the rings. Yeah. No, she
said she was going to give them to Gwen. Gwen's got them. Gwen.
Hank: Gwen's got them?
Luis: Yeah.
Hank: I'll go get them then, ok?
Luis: All right, thanks. Yeah, I'm telling you, it's a good thing
nothing happened to those rings, or Sheridan would die.
Gwen: Charity? What is it?
Jessica: Did you have another premonition? [Knock on door]
Hank: It's Hank. I've come for the -- is something wrong?
Charity: No. Everything is fine.
Hank: Well, Luis sent me for the rings.
Gwen: Oh. Here.
Hank: Thanks. Theresa, does Ethan have your rings?
Theresa: Chad has them.
Hank: You sure? Now, we don't want you and Sheridan to get in front of
Father Lonigan and having anything go wrong.
Theresa: I think everything is under control, Hank. Our wedding is
going to go off without a hitch.

Rebecca: Julian, how did Alistair have someone come in here and do all
this without you even knowing it?
Julian: My father can do anything he wants -- Even get me to kill my
own sister.
Rebecca: Well, don't worry, pookie. Sheridan won't die alone. When Ivy
gets to the church, she's going to kill Theresa.
Ivy: I am going to go to the church and kill Theresa! [telephone rings]


Timmy: Timmy wonders who that could be.
Tabitha: Our friend would have us believe that it was the grim reaper
calling to say that we're dead meat.
Timmy: Lenox residence.
Norma: Is this Timmy?
Timmy: Yes. Who's this?
Norma: Oh, you don't recognize my voice, little man?
Timmy: It sounds familiar.
Norma: Oh, I'm an old friend of yours and Tabitha. And I'm coming to
visit you. And while I'm there, we can exchange a few cutting remarks.
Norma: [Low voice] it's time to go to Harmony, Norma. [Normal voice]
oh, yes, father. This will be a trip to dismember.
Father Lonigan: All the gentlemen participating in today's ceremony,
will they please gather round?
Francisco: Father Lonigan, almost Everything is ready for the ceremony
to begin.
Father Lonigan: All right, young men. It is time to take your places.
Francisco: We have all four wedding bouquets for Theresa and Sheridan.
Jessica: Why four?
Cristina: Well, four because during the ceremony, two of these are
going to be given as gifts to the virgin Mary. And then afterwards, the
other two will be tossed by our brides at the steps of the church.
Jessica: That is so cool. I just -- I love all these special
traditions. Are you still upset by your premonition?
Charity: Yes.
Jessica: I'm sure it was nothing.
Charity: Ok. But it seemed so real. She was in such agony, Jessica.
Jessica: Charity, not all your premonitions come true, ok? Everything's
fine, and it's going to be a beautiful wedding. Just try to relax and
enjoy it.
Charity: Ok.
Jessica: Ok?
Charity: I'll try.
Jessica: All right.
Charity: I wish I could shake the feeling that something's wrong, but I
can't. Something terrible is going to happen.

Ivy: Oh. God! Oh, Julian and his stick-it-to-me pranks! Oh, let me out!
Somebody let me out of here! I have to get to the church and wring
Theresa's neck!

Tabitha: Who was that on the phone, doll face?
Timmy: Timmy's not sure. They said they were old friends and that they
were coming to visit.
Tabitha: Well, it must have been a wrong number. All my old friends are
at least six feet under, if not deeper.
Demon: Beware, Tabitha.
Tabitha: Oh, not you again.
Demon: Don't ignore my warnings. You face doom, gloom, and kaboom.
Tabitha: Oh, be quiet, or I'll have to put a muzzle on you.
Demon: You can silence the messenger, but the message remains the same.
You're done for, witch. [Demon laughs] [wind chimes ring] [moaning]
Timmy: That's Tabitha's voice! That's Timmy's princess crying out in
pain!
Tabitha: Great goblins. So it is.
Timmy: Doom, gloom, and kaboom are coming to Harmony, and Timmy and
Tabitha are doomed!
Norma: Oh, I'd be crazy to leave you alone, father. Of course you're
going with me on this visit to Timmy and Tabitha in Harmony. [Low voice]
that's my good little Norma. Always thinking ahead. [Normal voice] oh,
thank you, father. That's why I'm packing all the necessities for the
trip. I want to make sure when Tabitha and Timmy see me, they go to
pieces.

Sam: Hey, where's Grace? The ceremony's ready to start.
Eve: Oh, she stepped out to speak to someone. I'm sure she'll be back
soon.
Sam: Not soon enough. Things are really going well for us again.
T.C.: Glad to hear that.
Sam: Thanks, T.C. It's like Grace and I were lost in this dark tunnel
but finally made it out on the other side. Left all that bad stuff behind
us, except for that creep David Hastings stalking my wife.
T.C.: Man, what is up with him?
Sam: Look, I don't know, but I'm going to find out. The nerve of that
guy -- insisting on meeting Grace alone. No way I'd never ok that.
Eve's voice: Oh, Grace. I just hope you're all right.
Officer: Hastings, you have a visitor.
David: Grace.
Grace: All right, I'm here, and I came alone.
David: So I see.
Grace: So it's just the two of us. Tell me what you wanted to say that
you could only say in private.
Ethan: Tio Francisco. Hey, what's holding up the ceremony?
Francisco: It's your mother, Ethan. She hasn't arrived yet.
Ethan: You're kidding. What could possibly be keeping her?

Julian: Ivy -- I don't see her, do you?
Rebecca: No, I don't.
Julian: I wonder what's taking her so long to get to church.
Rebecca: Maybe she stopped to get ammo.
Ivy: Oh! Damn! The phone's still dead, thank you to Julian's juvenile
antics. Oh. Somebody let me out of here! I have a bride to bludgeon to
death!
Kay: I'm going to call Mrs.. Crane on the number you gave me to see
what's keeping her, ok?
[Telephone rings]
Ivy: Oh. Oh, no. Oh, that sounds like my cell phone. Oh, no. They're
probably trying to call me from the church. I can't believe I left my cell
phone on the hall table.
Kay: Mrs. Crane isn't answering her cell phone.
Jessica: Pilar, I called the number that you gave me for Mrs.&nbsp;
Crane's private line, but there's no answer.
Whitney: You know, why don't I go talk to Ethan and see if he knows
where Ivy is, ok?
Sheridan: You know, I'm sure Ivy's on her way and she just forgot
to turn her cell phone on.
Theresa: Yeah, I'm sure she'll be here soon. And I'm sure of something
else, mama. She is going to be the best mother-in-law a girl could have.

Ivy: I have to get to the church and warn Ethan. He can't marry Theresa
because I am going to kill her. You are dead, Theresa. You're dead, dead,
dead.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 7/19/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 7/19/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Sam: I thought Grace would be here by now. Where could she be?
[Eve flashback]Grace: I'm going to go talk to David.
Eve: No, Grace. Don't.
Grace: Eve, look, he won't talk to me in front of Sam, and I need to
know what he is going to say, so I have to go alone.
Eve: What if he tries to hurt you?
Grace: He's locked in a jail cell. Come on, how is he going to hurt me?

Eve: There are other ways, Grace.
Grace: And I think he's a threat to my marriage, so I'm going to deal
with this head-on. Now, please, I need you to cover for me. Don't tell Sam
that I'm --
Eve: No, no. Grace -- no.
Grace: Please, eve? I need to do this.
Eve: All right.
Grace: Thanks. You know what? I'll be back before Sam even notices I'm
gone.Eve: I'm sure there's nothing to worry about, Sam.
Sam: Well, when she left, she told you she'd be right back, didn't she?

Eve: That's what she said.
Sam: I'm getting worried. It's not like Grace to be late. Where in the
heck could she be?

Grace: No, I've changed my mind. I don't care who you are. I don't -- I
don't want to hear what you have to say.
David: It's too late, Grace. Pandora's box has been opened.
Grace: No, I'm not listening to you.
David: You need to know.
Grace: No, I don't need to know. I need Sam.
David: No, you don't need Sam. You need me, Grace.
Grace: How can I need you? I don't even know you.
David: Yes, you do. You need me, Grace, because I'm your husband.
Grace: What did you just say?
David: We're married, Grace. I'm your husband.
Grace: What is this? Is this some kind of sick joke?
David: I've never been more serious in my life.
Grace: No. Sam is my husband, not you. I don't even know you.
David: Yes, you do. And if you search your heart, you'll remember me.
Grace: No. No, there is nothing to remember. I don't know you. You just
appeared in Harmony out of the blue!
David: Grace, I'm telling you the truth, and deep down, you know it.
You know that I'm your husband.

Julian: Setting up this live feed so I could watch my sister die was a
rather morbid touch, even for you, father.
Alistair: Unlike you, I like to make sure all of my bases are covered.
I want to see Luis put that poisoned ring on Sheridan's finger. Then the
poison will enter her bloodstream and kill her. And the best part is the
poison is totally untraceable.
Julian: I've heard all about the plan, father. You don't need to remind
me.
Alistair: Oh, for God's sake, get a hold of yourself, Julian. Once
Sheridan's dead, all of our problems will be over.
Julian: Unless you count being haunted by your dead sister.
Alistair: Killing Sheridan is the only way to keep Luis from finding
out what we did to his father. If he did, it would be the end of the Crane
empire. Sheridan must die today.

Hank: You sure you don't want me to hold on to the ring?
Luis: No, hank. This ring means everything to me. I just want to keep
it close, all right?
Sheridan: I can't wait for you to slip it on my finger.
Luis: Yeah. And once we do, we'll be man and wife, and it'll be the
beginning of our long and happy lives together.

Jessica: You still look upset, Charity. There's no reason to be. It's a
beautiful wedding.
Charity: I know, Jess. I'm trying to enjoy myself, but I can't shake
this horrible feeling. [Sheridan screams]
Charity: Jess, I have the strongest sense of violence and evil.
Something is terribly wrong.

Ethan: I can't imagine why my mother isn't here yet.
Theresa: I know your mother is going to be here soon, and when she
arrives, everything is going to be perfect.

Gwen's voice: Where are you, Ivy? Mother said you saw the tabloid. Why
aren't you here ripping Theresa to shreds?
Rebecca: That's it, Ivy, speed, run through those traffic lights. Just
do whatever it takes and get to that church and kill that little bimbo
bride.

Ivy: What is this? Is this somebody's idea of a sick joke?
Ivy: Oh! Theresa did this. Oh, that little bitch! I will kill her for
destroying my son's life! I swear to God I will kill her! I cannot believe
that that lying little bitch is the one who revealed my secret to the
tabloid. Theresa ruined my life and Ethan's. Well, she's not going to get
away with it. Oh, no. Oh, no, Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald, you're going to
wish you'd never been born.
[horns honk]
Ivy: Oh! Oh, damn it! What is the holdup? Will you move it, people?
I've got to get to the church. Come on, damn it. Oh, come on, please!
Officer: Ma'am -- ma'am, honking is not going to do any good. Oh, Mrs.
Crane.
Ivy: Yes. What is the holdup, officer?
Officer: There's a small accident up ahead. It's got everything blocked
up, but it will be cleared up any minute.
Ivy: I haven't got a minute. My son is getting married. I have to get
to the church.
Officer: That's right. I read about that in the newspapers. Looks like
a beautiful girl.
Ivy: Yes. Well, she won't be so beautiful once I get through with her.
Officer: You have my word, Mrs. Crane, as soon as we get this wreck
cleared, you're going to be the first one through.
Ivy: Thank you. I am not letting you get away with this, Theresa. There
is no way you are marrying my son!
Julian: So, Rebecca, what was that hideous crash we heard?
Ivy: Damn it, get me out of here!
Rebecca: Trust me, I want you out of there more than you do.
Ivy: Rebecca, if you can't open the door, then find somebody else who
can.
Rebecca: I'm trying, but there's no one here to call except Julian.
Ivy: Forget it. I'm going out the window.
Rebecca: No, no, no. Don't do that. You'll break your neck. Just hold
on.
Rebecca: Oh! Ooh!
Ivy: Rebecca, what was that? What happened?
Rebecca: Oh, never mind. I'm ok. Just hold on.
Ivy: Will you hurry up, for God's sake?
Ivy: Oh, oh. Rebecca -- thank you. You have no idea what that means to
me.
Rebecca: Oh, it was nothing. A vase fell upstairs. Did I miss anything?


Alistair: The ceremony's begun. Very soon Luis will put that ring on
Sheridan's finger and she will take her last breath.

Rebecca's voice: Something tells me Sheridan is not going to be the
only dead bride today. Once Ivy gets to the church, she is going to tear
Theresa apart. [Music plays]

Theresa: All of our dreams are about to come true.

Jessica: I wish you were feeling better, Charity.
Charity: Believe me, Jess, I do, too. But I can't shake this horrible
feeling.
Jessica: Everything is going to be ok, you know, and this wedding is
perfect. Except for Mrs. Crane not getting here yet. But once she gets
here, it's going to be perfect.
Charity's voice: Why do I keep having these awful premonitions? First I
saw Sheridan in pain at the altar, and now I see Mrs. Crane. She looks so
angry. Please, God, help me be rid of these visions. Help me enjoy this
beautiful ceremony.

Father Lonigan: Welcome, everyone, to this joyous occasion. We have
gathered here today to join Luis and Sheridan and Ethan and Theresa in the
bonds of holy matrimony. The couples have prepared a beautiful ceremony,
including traditional customs as well as their own unique touches. And
since this is a double ceremony, the service will have a special order so
that some of the traditional Hispanic customs may not occur in the Same
place as usual. Let us begin by having Theresa and Luis' Godparents bring
forward the lasso. Thank you. This rope of flowers, known as the lasso, is
a symbol that these separate individuals have chosen to become one in
marriage. If the two couples will please kneel.
Sheridan: This is more than anything I could have ever dreamed of.
Theresa: I love you so much. I've never been so happy in my entire
life.

Pilar: May my children's lives always be filled with as much joy as
they are right now.
Sam: This is a beautiful ceremony. I wish Grace was here to see it.

T.C.: Sweetheart, we should tell Sam that Grace is back at the police
station. He's worried sick.
Eve: I know he is, but I can't tell. I promised Grace that I wouldn't.
T.C.: Honey, I hope we're doing the right thing.
Eve: So do I. I hope everything is ok with Grace.

David: I'm your husband, Grace.
Grace: Stop saying that! It's not true!
David: Yes, it is. Why do you think I came to Harmony?
Grace: I don't know why you came to Harmony! I don't know anything
about you!
David: I came to Harmony to find you, Grace. I came to Harmony to find
my wife. Grace -- Grace -- Grace! Grace! Guard! Guard! Grace.
David: Guard! Grace. Grace.
Officer: It's Mrs. Bennett.
Second officer: Let's get her on that open
bunk.
David: What's going on? Is she ok?
Officer: It's none of your business. What was she doing here talking to
you?
Second officer: I'm calling chief Bennett now. He'll want to get down
here right away to check on his wife. [Phone rings]
Sam: That's my cell phone. Must be Grace. Grace?
Officer: No, chief, it's Ofc. Baker. I think you should get down to the
station right away. Your wife is here.
Sam: Well, what is she doing there?
Ofc. Baker: I think she was talking to this David guy, and I guess she
passed out or something.
Sam: I'm on my way. Grace is down at the station.

Father Lonigan: Now that the lasso has bound these two couples
together, let us contemplate for a few moments the sacred bonds of
marriage we celebrate today.

Whitney: I think we did the right thing not telling Theresa and Ethan
about the tabloid. At least now they're going to have their wedding day.
Chad: What about us? Are you going to let us have our special day?
Whitney: Chad, you know that's not possible. I made a promise to Simone
that if she lived, I would never see you again.
Chad: That's a promise Simone don't even know you made. And secondly, I
don't love her, I love you. And I think it's time we told her that.
Whitney: Well, I'm sorry, Chad, but the promise to my sister means
something to me, and I'm going to stick by that promise.

Father Lonigan: Let us now move on to the next part of our ceremony.
Theresa: It won't be long now before we're married.
Father Lonigan: As these two couples recognize, marriage carries great
responsibilities. Not just emotional and spiritual responsibilities but
financial responsibilities, as well. I now ask that the arras be brought
forward. The arras are 13 gold coins. They represent the prosperity these
couples will share between themselves as well as those around them.
Gwen's voice: Why hasn't Ivy gotten here yet?

Rebecca: I know what you're thinking, Gwen. You're thinking Ivy should
be there by now. [Phone rings]
Ivy: What?
Rebecca: Yes -- um -- it's me. You just rushed out of here so fast. I
was concerned. I wanted to make sure you made it to the church safely.
Ivy: I haven't made it to the church, Rebecca. I'm stuck behind some
accident.
Rebecca: Well, surely there is something you can do. I know how
important it is for you to get to the church.
Ivy: Oh, believe me, you have no idea just how important this is, but
the last time I checked, my car couldn't fly!
Officer: Good news, Mrs. Crane. We cleared a path for you. You're going
to be on your way any second.
Rebecca: Oh, good. See? At least you won't miss the big event. Of
course, you are the big event.
Ivy: I'm sorry, I don't have time to chat, Rebecca. Nothing is going to
stop me from getting to that church.
Rebecca: Step on it, Ivy. Ooh, I can't wait to see the look on
Theresa's face when you show everyone that tabloid.
Ivy: Out of my way, people! I have to get to the wedding!

Sam: Oh, Grace. Grace, honey? Can you hear me? Grace? Grace, are you
all right? She's breathing ok. Pulse is fine. Grace, honey? It's me. I'm
here. Grace? What the hell happened to my wife?
Officer: We don't have any idea, chief. We were making our rounds here
when we heard this David guy shouting out her name.
Ofc. Baker: We came running in and found Mrs. Bennett on the floor
passed out.
David: Grace.
Sam: What do you think you're doing? I want some answers, and I want
them right now. What the hell did you do to her?

Alistair: If this wedding goes on much longer, I'm going to die -- of
boredom. When the hell will Luis put the poisoned ring on Sheridan's
finger?
Julian: I'm murdering my own sister. My God. It's a modern-day
Shakespearean tragedy.
Alistair: "My hands are of your color, but I shame to wear a heart so
white." That's "Mac Beth," Julian, but I'm sure you need a translation. It
means you're a bloody coward.
Julian: Thank you, father. I understand the reference.
Alistair: Then understand this -- if we don't kill Sheridan, Luis will
discover what happened to his father and you'll spend the rest of your
life in jail. And stop pacing, Rebecca. Ivy will get to the church soon
enough.

Father Lonigan: Now that the arras have been blessed, Ethan and
Theresa, Luis and Sheridan will give each other part of the coins. This
gesture represents the shared responsibility of finances in their
marriage.
Luis: I promise you'll always have everything you need.
Sheridan: I already have everything I need -- you.
Father Lonigan: May you remember the symbolism of the arras. For as
long as you follow God's will, you shall not want.
Father Lonigan: At this time, the brides have some special words they
would like to share with their grooms.
Ethan: I didn't know about this.
Theresa: It's a surprise.
Luis: What's going on?
Sheridan: Just wait and see, my love.
Father Lonigan: Sheridan, if you would like to begin.
Sheridan: I have waited my entire life for you. I didn't know who you
were or when you would arrive. All I knew is that someday a man would come
into my life who would love me unconditionally, who would always make me
feel safe and protected. You were that person, Luis. Today you are giving
me the greatest gift. Today you are saying that you will never leave. I
love you. I want you to know that I, too, will never leave. Like my ring
says, till death do us part.
Alistair: Your death is sooner than you think, daughter dear.
Theresa: My heart has never been so full of love as it is at this very
moment. We are standing before God and our loved ones about to become
husband and wife. I hope you know what this means to me. It means that my
dream is coming true. Because you are my dream, Ethan. As I look into your
eyes, I know that every day of our life together will be another dream
come true. And I can't wait to begin that dream as your wife. I love you
with all of my heart. Always and forever.

Sam: What the hell did you do to my wife?
Officer: Let go, chief. Chief, let him go.
Ofc. Baker: Chief.
Sam: Tell me! What the hell did you do to my wife?
Officer: Let go.
Grace: Sam?
Sam: Grace. Grace.
Grace: Oh, Sam, I love you.
Sam: My God, I love you, too. And I'm not going to leave your side.
Ofc. Baker: Looks like you don't need us anymore, chief. We'll be right
outside if you do.
Sam: Grace, honey, what happened? Why did you come here?
Grace: I'm sorry. But he wouldn't talk in front of you, and I had to
know what was going on.
Sam: Did he say something to you?
David: Tell him what I told you, Grace.
Grace: I can't.
Sam: Shut your mouth! I don't want you to say another word to my wife.
Grace, come on, now. You can say anything to me. What did he say?
David: Tell him, Grace.
Sam: Shut up! Grace, tell me. What did he say?

Gwen's voice: Come on, Ivy. It's time to turn Theresa's dream into a
nightmare. Where are you?
Father Lonigan: Now it is time to begin the traditional exchange of
vows. As these couples both realize, the exchange of vows is a momentous
undertaking.
Gwen's voice: Come on, Ivy. Come on. [Music plays]
Ivy: Oh, yes. We're going to the chapel, all right. Only, we are going
to kill the bride. Oh. Oh, God. Finally, the church.
Alistair: Hallelujah. Say the damned vows and slap that ring on your
beloved's finger, Luis.
Rebecca: Get a move on, Ivy.
Father Lonigan: I now ask Luis and Ethan to take their brides' hands.
[Car approaches]
Luis: A car sounds like it's getting awfully close.
Chad: Man, you ain't kidding. It sounds like it's headed straight for
the church. [Screaming]
Ivy: Well, I made it.
Alistair: That's Ivy.
Julian: She always did know how to make an entrance.
Theresa: Ethan, what's happening?
Ethan: Oh, my God, that's my mother's car.
Cristina: Did he say his mother's car?
Francisco: I think so.
Cristina: Not even in our telenovelas do things get so weird.
Ethan: Mother, are you all right?
Ivy: Yes.
Ethan: What happened? I mean, did the brakes fail? What --
Ivy: No, the brakes didn't fail. I just couldn't take time to park.
Ethan: What?
Ivy: Ethan, you have to stop this wedding, and you have to stop it now.


Gwen: Yes. Time for Ivy to shatter Theresa's world.
Sam: Grace, what did he say to you that's got you so upset?
Grace: I can't, Sam. I can't even repeat it.
David: Tell him, Grace. Tell him what I told you.
Sam: Keep your mouth shut, or so help me God, I will --
Grace: Sam, let's just leave. Let's just get out of here and go back to
the wedding. Please.
Sam: Wait a minute. Did he threaten you?
Grace: No.
Sam: Did he threaten our children?
Grace: No, he didn't threaten me. Let's just go. And he didn't --
Sam: If you try to lay one hand on my children --
Grace: Sam, he didn't threaten the children.
Sam: I will kill you myself!
Grace: Please, let's just leave here. I don't want to be here anymore.
Let's just leave. Come on. Please.
Sam: I don't want you around this creep anymore anyway.
David: No, wait, Grace. You can't leave. Not until you tell Sam what I
told you. And if you don't tell him, I will.
Rebecca: Tell them all, Ivy. Come on, tell them all about the lying
little witch.
Ivy: Ethan, I want this wedding stopped immediately.
Ethan: Mother, the wedding is already stopped. I think when you crashed
into the church, you took care of that. I don't think you have to tell
anyone to stop it.
Ivy: Oh. Well, I'll -- I'll pay for all that damage, but I will not
allow any more damage to be done to my son.
Ethan: Mother -- mother, I'm ok. I'm fine.
Theresa: Yes, Ethan's all right. I mean, everything is perfect now that
you're here.
Ethan: Ok, so, as you can all see, my mother's here, and thank God
she's all right and, you know, no one got hurt.
Father Lonigan: Let's continue with the ceremony. We can deal with the
car later.
Ethan: Mother, I'm so happy that you're here. I was really afraid that
you were going to miss the whole ceremony. This is the happiest day of my
life. I wouldn't want you to not see me marry the woman that I love.

Whitney: Is it me, Chad, or does something about this thing still seem
a little strange?
Ethan: It definitely ain't just you. Wait a minute. Whitney, is that a
copy of the tabloid that Mrs. Crane's got in her hand?
Whitney: What? I can't tell, but I certainly hope not.
Chad: What if Mrs. Crane's got a copy of that tabloid? There's no way
she's going to let this wedding happen.
Whitney: No, it's going to be a lot worse than that, Chad. If Ivy has a
copy of that tabloid, she's going to kill Theresa right here in this
church.

Pilar: I've known Ivy for years. Something is definitely off.
Eve: She's acting strange even for Ivy. She certainly doesn't look like
the proud mother of the groom.
Pilar: I wonder what's wrong.

Ethan: Mother, now Theresa and I will escort you to your seat, and then
we'll finish the ceremony.
Theresa: Yes, and you've come just in time for the vows.

Charity: Something is wrong.
Jessica: What is it, Charity?
Charity: Mrs. Crane is furious. Something terrible is going to happen.
I just know it.

Gwen's voice: Ok, Ivy, it's showtime.
Rebecca: Come on, Ivy. Just wipe that smile off Theresa's face. Ooh.
Tell them all that she's the one that e-mailed the tabloid.
Ivy: No, Ethan, wait. There's something I have to tell you.

David: Don't you want to hear what I told Grace, Sam?
Grace: Sam, just don't listen to him. We never have to see him again.
Let's just leave.
David: You can't run away from this one, Grace.
Sam: Don't you speak to my wife, all right? You leave her alone. Grace,
honey, I'm worried about you. Look, you look scared. But you don't have to
be, all right? I'm here to protect you.
Grace: I know that, Sam. I wish you would just lock him up and throw
away the key. We don't ever have to see him again.
David: You can walk away from this, Grace --
Grace: No --
David: But it'll never change anything.
Grace: Stop it! Stop it! Please, Sam, let's just go.
David: You'll always know what I told you.
Grace: No.
David: You can't forget, Grace.
Sam: Don't listen to him.
David: I know you can't. So you might as well tell him the truth.
Grace: No.
David: Go ahead, Grace. Tell him. Tell him I'm your husband.

Ivy: Ethan, you have to listen to me. I have something very important
to tell you.
Ethan: Hey, mother, it's ok. You don't have to apologize for being late
or for crashing your car into the church. I'm just glad you're here now,
ok?
Ivy: No, Ethan. Listen, this is very impor--
Ethan: Look, I'm sorry, mother, but it is going to have to wait.
There's another wedding after ours, and I think we've already intruded in
their day enough. Besides, I don't think I can wait any longer to make
Theresa my wife.

Luis: Don't worry, once Ivy sits down, we can continue the ceremony.
Sheridan: Then we'll finally be married.
Hank: You still have the rings, buddy?
Luis: Yeah, of course. Nothing, not even a car crash, is going to keep
me from slipping this ring on the finger of the woman I love.

Alistair: Get on with it. The sooner Luis puts the poisoned ring on
Sheridan's finger, the sooner she'll be dead.
Julian: I hate to rain on your parade, father, but what if Ivy stops
the wedding? And what happens then?
Alistair: I'll tell you exactly what happens. That gun in your desk
drawer better be loaded because Sheridan is going to die today, no matter
what.

Theresa: I know you're going to love the rest of the ceremony, Mrs.
Crane. Or I guess I should say "mother" because once Ethan and I say "I
do," you're going to be my mother-in-law.

Whitney: Ivy certainly doesn't seem very happy with Theresa. Maybe that
is a copy of the tabloid in her hand.
Chad: Well, if it is, this church is about to blow sky high.
Whitney: Oh, God, please don't let anything else interfere with
Theresa's wedding.
Charity: Miguel, my feeling's worse than ever. I feel danger.
Miguel: Look, maybe you're just reacting to Mrs. Crane crashing through
the church. But everybody's fine.
Charity: No, Miguel, that's not it. I have a sense of pain and
suffering.
Miguel: Charity, you don't have to worry. Ethan's mother's here now, so
everything's great. I'm sure the rest of the wedding is going to be
perfect.

Ethan: Ok, mother, now have a seat so Theresa and I can finally get
married.
Theresa: Ethan, what is going on?
Ethan: I don't know.
Cristina: And why is this woman going up to the altar? Is this part of
the ceremony?
Francisco: Perhaps it's an American custom.
Ethan: Mother? You're supposed to be seated.
Ivy: No. No, baby, I will not be seated. I have to protect you.
Ethan: What are you talking about?
Ivy: You'll know soon enough, Ethan. You'll know very soon.
Theresa: Maybe you're a bit disoriented from the crash. I mean, do you
feel ok, Mrs. Crane?

Rebecca: Oh, those reality shows have nothing on this, darling. Ivy is
just about to show everyone the tabloid.
Gwen's voice: I can't wait any longer, Ivy. It's time to blow Theresa
out of the water.

Ivy: Excuse me, everyone, but before this wedding can go any further, I
have an announcement to make.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 7/20/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 7/20/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Timmy: Timmy heard them crying out in Tabby's voice.
Tabitha: Oh, forget about those bloody chimes. They're old, in
desperate need of a good tuning. Oh, we're not going to worry about those
old chimes.
Timmy: Tabby's right. What do Timmy and Tabby have to worry about after
all they've been through? If they can survive that Norma character at the
motel, they can survive just about anything, right?

Attendant: I'm sorry, sir, but you'll have to return your tray table to
its upright position. We'll be landing in Harmony in just a few minutes.
Norma: ok
Attendant: Oh. Well, I -- and your seat has to be in its upright
position.
Norma: We're almost there, father. Almost in Harmony. [As father] you'd
better take care of those two meddlers, Norma. Do it for me. [Normal
voice] oh, don't worry, father. I'll take care of everything.

David: Don't you want to hear what I told Grace, Sam?
Grace: Sam, just don't listen to him. No, we never have to see him
again. Let's just leave.
David: You can't run away from this one, Grace.
Sam: Don't you speak to my wife, all right? You leave her alone. Grace,
I am worried about you. Look, you look scared. But you don't have to be,
all right? I'm here to protect you.
Grace: I know that, Sam. I wish you would just lock him up and throw
away the key. We don't ever have to see him again.
David: You can walk away from this, Grace --
Grace: No.
David: But it'll never change anything.
Grace: Stop it! Stop it! Please, Sam, let's just go!
David: You always knew what I told you.
Grace: No.
David: You can't forget. You know you can't.
Sam: Don't listen to him.
David: So you might as well tell Sam the truth. Go on! Tell Sam that
I'm your husband!
Sam: What? What in the hell are you trying to pull?

Luis: Don't worry. Once Ivy sits down, we can continue the ceremony.
Sheridan: Then we'll finally be married.
Hank: Hey, you still have the rings, buddy?
Luis: Yeah, of course. Nothing, not even a car crash, is going keep me
from slipping this ring on the finger of the woman I love.
Alistair: Get on with it. The sooner Luis puts the poisoned ring on
Sheridan's finger, the sooner she'll be dead.
Julian: I hate to rain on your parade, father, but what if Ivy stops
the wedding? What happens then?
Alistair: I'll tell you exactly what happens. That gun in your desk
drawer better be loaded because Sheridan is going to die today, no matter
what.

Theresa: I know you're going to love the rest of the ceremony, Mrs.
Crane. Or I guess I should say mother. Because once Ethan and I say "I
do," you're going to be my mother-in-law.

Whitney: Ivy certainly doesn't seem very happy with Theresa. Maybe that
is a copy of the tabloid in her hand.
Chad: Yeah, well, if it is, this church is about to blow sky high.
Whitney: Oh, God, please don't let anything else interfere with
Theresa's wedding.

Ethan: Ok, mother, now, have a seat so Theresa and I can finally get
married.
Theresa: Ethan, what is going on?
Ethan: I don't know.

Cristina: And why is this woman going up to the altar? Is this part of
the ceremony?
Francisco: Perhaps it's an American custom.

Ethan: Mother, you're supposed to be seated.
Ivy: No. No, baby, I will not be seated. I have to protect you.
Ethan: What are you talking about?
Ivy: You'll know soon enough, Ethan. You'll know very soon.
Theresa: Maybe you're a bit disoriented from the crash. I mean, do you
feel ok, Mrs.. Crane?

Rebecca: Oh, those reality shows have nothing on this, darling. Ivy's
just about to show everyone the tabloid.
Gwen's voice: I can't wait any longer, Ivy. It's time to blow Theresa
out of the water.

Ivy: Excuse me, everyone, but before this wedding can go any further, I
have an announcement to make.
Ethan: Ok, mother, what is this about? What do you have to tell us?
Ivy: You're about to find out, Ethan. You're about to hear the truth.


Sam: What in the hell are you trying to pull?
Grace: Sam --
David: I'm not doing anything. I'm just stating the truth.
Grace: No --
David: I'm Grace's husband. She's my wife.
Sam: If you think I'm going to let you get away with this --
Grace: Sam, please, let's just leave. I'm really not feeling well.
Please.
Sam: Grace, come over here and sit down.
Grace: Oh, God. I just don't feel right.
Sam: Of course you don't feel right. After what this guy's put you
through -- stalking you, sneaking into the house and surprising you in the
kitchen. And then when you fainted, he picks you up and takes you to his
room, where he tells you he's come for you. And now this! The guy is a
lunatic. No wonder you feel shaky. Hell, I would, too.
David: Tell him, Grace. Tell him the truth -- that we're married, that
I'm not some crazed stalker, that I'm your husband.
Grace: No. I have never seen you before. Never!

Rebecca: This is it. Oh, Ivy is about to destroy Theresa. Oh, this
wedding will never happen.
Alistair: I want to listen to this. I'll call you back.
Francisco: Mrs. Crane looks very angry.
Cristina: Yeah. I do not have a good feeling about this. Not good at
all.
Ivy: As you all know, a secret I had kept since the day that Ethan was
born was recently revealed in a horrifying manner. Someone got a hold of
my personal letter, and instead of doing the honorable thing and coming to
Ethan or to me, this person did the lowest, most reprehensible thing
possible. She sent it to a tabloid. Instead of my painful revelation
coming out privately so that Ethan and Julian and Sam and I could talk it
through, it was trumpeted to the whole world through a sleazy tabloid
headline, which destroyed Ethan's life and shattered everyone close to
him. The idea of someone doing something so heartless was, as you can
imagine, alarming to me. I couldn't believe that anyone would ever want to
hurt Ethan, and certainly no one who ever truly cared about him. But I was
wrong. And now I have the proof that the person who ruined Ethan's life is
someone so devious that she managed to convince all of us that she is a
sweet, innocent girl when nothing could be further from the truth! Well, I
know the truth, and I am going to expose her the same way she exposed my
secret! The person who ruined Ethan's life and took everything away from
him is the same person who stands here today claiming she loves him,
claiming she wants to marry him! And that person is Theresa Lopez
Fitzgerald! [Guests gasp]
Rebecca: Yes!

Tabitha: My, but we've had some good times, lad.
Timmy: Timmy wouldn't exactly call them good, but they sure have been
interesting.
Tabitha: We survived, Tim Tim.
Timmy: Timmy's learned a valuable lesson -- Timmy never needs to be
afraid. He and his princess can survive anything.
Tabitha: Of course we can.
Timmy: I mean, Timmy doesn't want his princess to worry, either,
because Timmy will always be there to protect her.
Tabitha: Oh, yeah. The same way you protected me from that Norma
creature?
Timmy: Hey, that was in the old days. Timmy's turned over a new leaf.
Tabitha: Oh, Norma. Ooh. Just to say her name makes me shudder.
Timmy: Hmm. [Tabitha screams]
Tabitha: Get away. Get away from me, you fiend! Get away! Timmy! Oh, I
was nearly a goner then, lad.
Timmy: Norma was bad news. She was the meanest person Timmy's ever met.
Meaner than Hecuba -- and that's mean.
Tabitha: Oh, well, don't worry. We'll never have to see that wacko
again.
Timmy: Hmm.
Tabitha: Hmm.

Norma: Oh. Lenox. Let's see. Ah. Tabitha Lenox. There you are. We're
coming.

Grace: I have never seen you before in my life.
Sam: Of course you've never seen him before because he's nothing but a
nut case. Grace, why did you come here alone? This man is dangerous.
Grace: I know. But I had to find out what was going on, and he said he
would only speak to me alone.
Sam: And you went along with it? Why, Grace?
Grace: I had to find out the truth, Sam.
Sam: About what? It is obvious this man is unbalanced.
Grace: I had a premonition that he took me away from you, and it scared
me. And I'm sorry, but I had to find out what was going on. I just had to.

Sam: Ok. It's ok.
Grace: You know, I just wanted to straighten all this out and get back
to the wedding.
Sam: Ok. All right. We're going to go back to the wedding, all right?
Think you should take some to time to settle down, all right? Relax.
You're still a little shaky. Come on.
David: I remember our wedding, Grace -- yours and mine.
Grace: What?
David: It was an incredible day. You never looked more beautiful. Do
you remember?
Sam: Of course she doesn't remember because it never happened.
David: It did.
Sam: Look, I'm telling you -- this game that you're playing is over
because Grace has no idea who you are.
David: Look, I don't know what happened to her, but she's my wife.
Sam: Now, you listen to me. Grace and I have been married for over 20
years, so there's no way you could've ever married her.
David: We were married long before that. We were kids. We were very,
very young. But we loved each other very much. Do you remember, Grace? You
must.

Ivy: Theresa is the one who sent my letter to the tabloid! She is the
one who exposed my son's paternity!
Theresa: No, this is not true. I didn't do this. I would never do this!

Ivy: Oh, I knew you would deny it. That is why I brought proof!

Whitney: Oh, my God.
Chad: This is just what I was afraid of. See, I knew we should've told
Ethan when we found out.
Whitney: It's too late now.

Cristina: I don't believe our Theresa is capable of doing such a thing.

Francisco: Of course she wouldn't. Theresa's a good girl.
Cristina: Yes.
Francisco: Mrs. Crane must be mistaken.

Charity: I knew something was wrong, Miguel. I just knew it.
Miguel: No, all right? Not Theresa. She would never do anything like
this.

Ivy: Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald is the one who betrayed my son! She sent
my letter to the tabloid! It's all in here!
Theresa: No, this is not true! I didn't do this, Ethan!
Gwen's voice: It's all over now, Theresa. Ethan will have nothing to do
with you. You're getting exactly what you deserve.
Luis: My sister wouldn't do this. There's got to be a mistake. Theresa
couldn't have. She loves Ethan.
Rebecca: Destroyed. Oh, Theresa has been destroyed. There is no way
Ethan will marry her now.
Ivy: I trusted you, Theresa. I took you into my home. I gave you a job!
I supported your relationship with my son, and this -- this is how you
repay me? No, Ethan. There is no way you are going to marry this conniving
bitch! [Guests gasp]
Ivy: I'm sorry, father, but there is no other word for her. There's no
way, Ethan -- no way this wedding is going to go on!

David: We met when Grace had left home for the first time. She'd just
moved to Hartford.
Grace: I don't remember ever moving into Hartford.
Sam: See what I'm saying? This guy's making it all up.
David: I'll never forget the first time I saw you. It was a beautiful
day. You were having coffee at an outside cafe.
Sam: Let's go, honey.
David: And you literally took my breath away. You were wearing this
little sundress with flowers. It was light, and it kind of flowed. And
every time you moved, it seemed like it was floating around you.
Sam: This is unbelievable.
David: I couldn't keep my eyes off you. I finally mustered up the
courage to talk to you, and then I asked you out to dinner.
Sam: You have got some imagination, my friend.
David: After that, we were never apart. We fell in love and got married
almost immediately. We were so happy, so much in love.
Sam: This is a crock. That's what this is.
Grace: But he seems so sure.
Sam: Grace, this man is a con artist. He's making it up as he goes
along. Look, of course you don't remember, so let him say whatever the
hell he has to say and let him pretend like it really happened.
David: How can you not remember me, Grace?
Grace: I have amnesia.
David: Amnesia?
Grace: I don't remember anything from that time in my life. I don't
remember anything that happened before 20 years ago.
David: So that's it.

Rebecca: This calls for a celebration. Mm-hmm. The wedding is off.
Theresa has been destroyed. Ethan will never marry that little bitch now.
[Phone rings]
Julian: Yes, father.
Alistair: You still watching this, Julian?
Julian: Oh, I'm glued to the set.
Alistair: Well, unglue yourself and do something.
Julian: Well, what can I do? It's out of my hands. Ivy stopped the
wedding. It looks as if Ethan won't be marrying Theresa now.
Alistair: Do I give a damn about those two? I couldn't care less if
they got married. But Sheridan and Luis are another matter. They have to
go through with the ceremony. He has to put that ring on her finger, no
matter what.
Julian: Well, I can't see that not happening, father. I mean, even if
Ethan walks away from Theresa, I'm sure that Luis and Sheridan will
continue their wedding.
Alistair: Better hope they do, Julian, because one way or another,
Sheridan must die today. And if it's not via the poisoned ring, then
you'll have to do it. It'll be up to you to kill your sister.

Luis: Look at my sister. She's devastated. On her wedding day. Wish
there was something I could do for her.
Sheridan: I don't think there's anything that either of us can do.
Luis: I'm sorry. I wanted your wedding day to be perfect for you.
Sheridan: It's yours, too. We'll both be disappointed. Right now I'm
more concerned about Ethan and Theresa and what this means for them.
Luis: Well, this whole thing is a lie. That tabloid is a total sleaze.
They don't care what they print as long as they stir up trouble or sell
papers. Theresa's innocent. She'll be able to prove it. I know she will.

Pilar: How can this be, mija? Hmm? You told me you deleted that letter
from the computer.
Theresa: Mama, I did.
Pilar: Then how could Ivy's letter have been sent from your computer?
Theresa: I don't know, but I swear I didn't send it. I would never do
such a thing, mama. Please believe me. I would never hurt Ethan.
Pilar: I believe you. I do. I just don't know if anyone else will.

Gwen: I got to hand it to you, mother. Your plan was brilliant.
Rebecca: Didn't I tell you it would work?
Gwen: Yes, you did, but are you sure that nobody can ever find out that
you're the one who actually sent the e-mail from Theresa's computer?
Rebecca: Gwen, would you relax? I told you Theresa was toast, and what
is she?
Gwen: Toast.
Rebecca: All right, then. And Ethan will never marry her now. He is
yours for the taking.

Ethan: I can't believe this is happening.
Ivy: Ethan, I know how you feel, finding out that Theresa's the one who
		ruined everything -- the woman you thought you could trust, the woman
		you loved, the woman you were going to marry. We were all fooled by that
		little -- I'm just glad I got here in time to keep you from making the
		biggest mistake of your life. Damn her for doing this. Damn her! Ethan
		-- Ethan, you're in shock, ok? Let's just -- let's go. Let Theresa deal
		with this humiliation, not only of being exposed for the lying tramp
		that she is but for also being left at the altar.

Timmy: Norma's worse than jack the ripper.
Tabitha: Oh, now, now. Go easy on jack. He was a bit quirky, but he was
basically a nice chap.
Timmy: Well, Norma's beyond quirky. She's crazy. And that motel --
Tabby! Help! Timmy's stuck under a stiff! Timmy will have to save himself.
[Timmy screams]
Timmy: Just the thought of Norma freaks Timmy out.
Tabitha: Oh, don't worry, lad. You're never going to have to see old
Norma again. She's thousands of miles away from here.
Timmy: You know, tabby, when people usually say that in slasher flicks,
it means the evil person is right downstairs. [Tabitha chuckles]

Norma: Don't worry, father, I'll get in. [As father] sometime this year
would be nice. [Normal voice] I'm not the screw up you make me out to be.
I'll take care of Tabitha and the little boy, and I'll do it today.

Charity: I can't believe this could happen to Ethan and Theresa -- two
people who love each other so much.
Miguel: My sister didn't do it, Charity, all right? She is completely
innocent. I know she is. She'd never hurt Ethan.
Charity: Look, I know that, but look at what's happened. I can't see
them getting married now, can you? And if this kind of thing could happen
to Ethan and Theresa, something could break the two of us apart.
Miguel: No, all right? That is never going to happen. Nothing can ever
come between us.
Kay: You never know, Miguel. Charity could be right. Something might
just sneak in and break the two of you apart -- me.

T.C.: Started off as a beautiful day. Everybody was happy. Now this.
Eve: Wonder why Sam and Grace aren't back yet. I hope everything's all
right.
T.C.: I'm sure Sam will make sure it's all right. He'll find out who
this David guy is, and he'll take care of it.

Whitney: I can't even imagine what this is doing to Theresa. I mean,
Ethan is her whole world. This wedding meant everything to her.
Chad: Yeah, well, life's going to be rough on her now.
Whitney: Chad, she did not do this. There's no way she did.
Chad: I'm not saying she did, all right? I'm agreeing with you, ok? I
mean, it's hard for me to imagine somebody who loves Ethan as much as she
does would do something like this to hurt him.
Whitney: Well, she didn't. I know she didn't.
Gwen: Sheridan, you ok?
Sheridan: Yeah, I'm fine. It's Ethan I'm worried about.
Gwen: I know this is your wedding, too, and to have something like this
happen is just --
Sheridan: It's unbelievable.
Gwen: Just such a shock.
Luis: Well, hank, I guess you better hold on to this for us.
Sheridan: Wait -- what are you doing?
Luis: Don't worry, sweetheart. Everything's going to be fine. I'm just
going to give it to hank to hold onto it for safe keeping. I am going to
marry you today, promise. I'm going to put this ring on your finger and
I'm going to make you my wife.

Julian: That's right, Luis. That's what you're going to do. I'm
counting on it. Because if you don't, I'll have to kill Sheridan myself.

Ethan: I'm not leaving, mother.
Ivy: What? Ethan, you're not doubting what I've told you, are you?
Look, just read this. You can see for yourself what she's done to you.
Theresa: Ethan --
Ivy: Oh! What could you possibly want now, Theresa? Certainly not Ethan
because there is no way he's going to marry you, not after this.
Theresa: I didn't do this. I never did this.
Ivy: Oh, spare us the wide-eyed, innocent act, Theresa. No one is
buying it. We all know what a back-stabbing little rat you are!
Ethan: Stop it, mother!
Ivy: What?
Ethan: You heard me. I will not let you talk to her that way.
Ivy: But I --
Ethan: No, Theresa said she didn't do it, and I believe her.
Ivy: The tabloid said it has proof that it was Theresa.
Ethan: Since when do you believe what's in a tabloid? You always said
they were full of nothing but trash.
Ivy: Yes, that's true. But this is the same tabloid that broke the
story about your paternity, and they were right about that!
Ethan: So they're wrong now! Theresa couldn't have sent the letter! She
would never do something like that to me.
Ivy: Don't underestimate her, Ethan.
Ethan: Theresa -- I believe you.
Theresa: Thank you.
Ethan: Now, I think it's time to get back to the wedding, don't you?
Theresa: Yes.

Luis: See, now, I told you everything was going to work out.
Sheridan: Yes, you did.
Luis: And we are definitely getting married today.

Gwen: This can't be happening.
Rebecca: Oh. I can't believe what I'm seeing.

Cristina: You see, Pilar. Everything is all right. There's nothing to
worry about.

David: Well, it all makes sense now. Perfect sense. I didn't understand
why you didn't recognize me, didn't know me. But now I know -- you have
amnesia.
Sam: Yeah, and how convenient for you that she doesn't remember
anything from that time in her life.
David: Yeah, but I had no idea she'd lost her memory. I had no idea.
Sam: Please.
David: I never stopped thinking about you, Grace. I never stopped
wondering about what had happened to you, why you never came back to me. I
waited for so many years. But this explains everything. Oh, my Grace. My
poor Grace.
Sam: Grace -- don't you listen to him.
David: Something inside you remembers me. That's why -- that's why you
acted the way you did when you saw me. That's why you fainted. Something
-- something deep inside you recognized me, knows who I am. Something
inside you remembered.

Ivy: Ethan, you cannot do this. You can't marry this girl, not after
everything she's done.
Ethan: Look, if Theresa said she didn't do it, I believe her.
Ivy: No, but --
Ethan: She is the woman that I love and trust! And I will not let some
stupid story in a trash rag keep me from marrying the woman I love.
Ivy: Ethan, please, listen to reason. Theresa did this. She is guilty.
Ethan: Mother, I am sorry that you feel that way, but Theresa means
more to me than anything in the world. We're getting married. And I mean
that with all my heart. If you say you didn't do something, if you say you
didn't do that, I know you didn't.
Theresa: I love you, Ethan, and I would never do anything to hurt you.
Ethan: I know that. Everyone -- sorry about the interruption. But I'd
like to get back to the ceremony.

Whitney: I'm so happy their love overcame this.
Chad: Well, when two people love each other, they can overcome
anything.

Luis: Yeah. Thank God they worked it out.
Sheridan: And our wedding will be back on track.

Rebecca: No! Oh! This can't be. What is the matter with that boy? He
cannot wind up with Theresa.
Julian: Well, at least Luis and Sheridan will get married. And once he
slips that ring on her finger, I won't have to kill her myself.

Cristina: Oye. This Ivy -- she's a little loca, no?
Francisco: More than a little, I think.
Cristina: Yeah? Huh. But this wedding is going on. Nothing can stop
Ethan and Theresa from getting married today.
Pilar: I hope not.

Ivy: This is wrong. This is so wrong.
Gwen: I can't watch.

Miguel: Feel better?
Charity: I don't know.
Miguel: But everything's fine now. I mean, Ethan and Theresa are going
to get married.
Charity: I know, and I'm happy for them, Miguel. But I'm sorry. I can't
shake this feeling that something really terrible is going to happen here.

Miguel: Can you tell me what?
Charity: I don't know. Whatever it is, it's going to cause terrible
heartache and pain, Miguel.

Luis: The ring ready?
Hank: Right here, buddy. Won't be long now before Sheridan will be
wearing it.
Luis: I can't wait.

Timmy: But it's true, tabby!
Tabitha: Oh, relax.
Timmy: In every horror film Timmy's ever seen, as soon as the heroes
feel safe and they think the monster or the killer is miles away from
them, and they feel like everything's ok, the evil monster is right
downstairs.
Tabitha: Oh. Norma's nowhere near here. For pity's sake, she doesn't
even know where we live.
Timmy: Tabby's right.
Tabitha: Of course I am.
Timmy: Norma here? She's back at the old motel, miles away from here.
Tabitha: Norma here, in our house -- can you imagine? Please!
[Tabitha
and Timmy laugh]
Timmy: What could Timmy be thinking? Norma here? That's just plain
nuts.
Tabitha: Norma! Norma! Norma! Come out, come out wherever you are.
Timmy: Norma!
Tabitha: Norma, you big old crazy broad! Are you on a field trip from
the nut house?[Tabitha and Timmy laugh]
Timmy: Come and get Timmy and tabby! We're not afraid!
Tabitha: What do you think you're doing? You think we're scared?
Timmy: Think again!
Tabitha: You think you can ax us?
Timmy: Norma isn't sharp enough to ax Timmy and tabby. [Tabitha laughs]

Timmy: Get it -- "sharp enough"?
Tabitha: I got it, I got it.
Timmy: You think you can get us, Norma? You're too psycho nutso!
Tabitha: Yes, yes, a psycho!
Timmy: Don't forget nutso.
Tabitha: Norma is a psycho Norma is a psycho
Norma: [As father] they're making fun of you, Norma. Are you going to
let them get away with it, or are you going to make them pay? [Normal
voice] nobody makes fun of Norma. No one!
Timmy: Come on, Norma baby! Come and get us!
Tabitha: Come and get us! Come and get us! [Tabitha and Timmy laugh]
Norma: [As father] they're laughing at you, Norma! [Timmy and Tabitha
laugh]
Norma: [Normal voice] not for long, father. Oh, no, not for long.

David: Tell me, Grace. Tell me you remember. Some part of you has to.
Sam: That is enough!
David: Some part of you recognized me. That's why you fainted.
Sam: How about because she was frightened out of her mind?
David: Some part of you inside knew who I was, knew what we meant to
each other. Try, Grace. Try to remember. Try to remember what we meant to
each other. Try to remember our love. Grace, remember. Try.

Luis: Yeah, well, you hold onto that ring because I'll be needing it
real soon, all right?
Hank: Come on. I won't let anything happen to it.
Luis: Nice.
Julian: It's all systems go, father.
Alistair: Excellent. The wedding is back on track and we are back in
business. Won't be long now before Luis slips the ring on Sheridan's
finger, and then she'll no longer be a problem.

Ethan: Well, father, let's pick this up where we left off, shall we?
Father Lonigan: Very well. I just need a moment. Then we can begin
again.

Rebecca: No. No, this cannot be happening. He can't still want to marry
that little tramp. [Phone rings]
Rebecca: What?
Gwen: Mother?
Rebecca: Oh -- sweetheart, baby. Oh, my poor dear.
Gwen: It's over. Our plan -- it failed. We didn't destroy her. Ethan
didn't call off the wedding. How can he not think it was her, that she
sent the e-mail? He still wants to marry her.
Rebecca: Yeah, over my dead body.
Gwen: What are you talking about?
Rebecca: Gwen, do not give up. Mark my words -- we are not through
here. Ethan will never marry Theresa. We will destroy her.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 7/23/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 7/23/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Tabitha: That was a trip nightmares are made from, wasn't it, Timmy?
Timmy: Why did Timmy and tabby ever decide to stay at that motel?
Tabitha: Crazy Norma.
Timmy: And her dead father.
Tabitha: Well, it's easy to laugh now, but it wasn't funny at the time.
I thought for sure that Norma was going to bury that hatchet in my head.
[Tabitha screams]
Tabitha: Ooh, just thinking about it gives me the shivers. And now when
I get into the tub, I think of Norma, and I have to double lock the
bathroom door.
Timmy: Timmy's just grateful that Timmy and tabby are miles away from
that crackpot and never have to worry about running into her again.
Tabitha: I've crossed paths with a lot of weird people these past
centuries, but Norma takes the cake.
Norma: Oh, I'll show you weird. Don't worry, father. I'll make them pay
for laughing at us. [As father] I'm counting on you, Norma, my pretty.
Don't let me down.
Tabitha: Be a good lad and go and get some more ice so we can make a
fresh batch.
Timmy: Coming right up.

David: Amnesia. Yes. That would explain why you don't remember me.
Think hard, Grace.
Sam: That's it. This is really getting old, David -- or whatever the
hell your name is. Come on, Grace.
David: This is important. Think hard. We were married, Grace. We lived
together. We were in love. You must remember something.
Sam: She already told you.
David: I can't have been completely wiped from your mind. Look at me,
please.
Sam: Grace, don't pay any attention to him.

Eve: I just have a real bad feeling about this, T.C. I just can't help
it.
T.C.: I feel the same way, but it looks like everything's back on
track.

Kay: Do you believe this?
Jessica: Oh, talk about a roller coaster ride.
Kay: Poor Theresa. You could see the blood drain from her face.
Jessica: Yeah, well, there's a smile on it now, though.

Hank: Let's get you two married before something else happens, huh?
Luis: Yeah. We're ready.

Whitney: Nothing else bad can happen, can it?
Chad: Your guess is as good as mine.

Pilar: Are you all right, mija?
Theresa: I won't be all right until Ethan says "I do."

Ivy: Listen to me, Ethan.
Ethan: I've made up my mind.
Ivy: No, Ethan! How can you even look at her after what she's done to
you?
Ethan: She didn't do anything.
Ivy: She betrayed you, Ethan. She sent the e-mail to the tabloid that
you are not a Crane.
Ethan: No, mother, she didn't do anything. Look, I believe and trust in
Theresa. I know she loves me as much as I love her.

Julian: Oh, get on with it. Let it be done. Let Sheridan's death be
painless, please. [Phone rings]
Rebecca: Hello.
Gwen: Mother, this is a disaster. They're still getting married. I'm
going to lose Ethan forever. My life is over.
Rebecca: Relax, Gwen. I told you we're not giving up.
Gwen: But what can we do now?
Rebecca: Whatever it takes. I don't care what it is, but you have to
find a way to stop that wedding.

Ethan: Father Lonigan, can we continue the ceremony? Because Theresa
and I are ready to get married.

Gwen: How can I stop the wedding, mother? There's nothing we can do
now.
Rebecca: Think, girl, think.
Gwen: That is all I've been doing, mother. But if Ethan doesn't believe
that Theresa sent that e-mail -- you don't think that -- oh, God, no.
Rebecca: What?
Gwen: Is it possible Ethan knows you sent it?
Rebecca: Absolutely not. But your job is to convince Ethan that Theresa
did this to him, that she ruined his life. No matter what it takes, you
have got to convince him.
Gwen: I'll try, but --
Rebecca: Don't try. Just do it. Ethan must never marry Theresa.
Julian: Rebecca, in this case, your interests are entirely secondary.
The wedding must go on because if it is stopped, Luis won't slip the
poisoned ring on Sheridan's finger, which will lead to father blaming me,
which will in turn lead to my having to kill my own sister.

Sheridan: Where's Gwen? She was here just a minute ago.
Luis: Don't worry about Gwen. She probably just got upset after seeing
another wedding about to blow up, like her and Ethan's did.
Sheridan: Yeah, probably.
Luis: As long as Hank doesn't disappear on us, we can go ahead with
ours.
Hank: I'm not moving here till I hear some "I dos."
Luis: Uh-huh.
Hank: Till death to us part. That's the only thing that's going to
break you two up. Not some stupid tabloid.

Miguel: Charity, what is it? What's wrong?
Jessica: I know. She always gets that look whenever she's having one of
her premonitions.
Miguel: What are you seeing, Charity?
Charity: It's Sheridan again. She's at the altar, and she's all twisted
in pain.
Miguel: But she's not. I mean, look for yourself. She's up there. She's
smiling. She's fine. It's Ethan and Theresa that we're worried about.

Father Lonigan: Since this is a double wedding ceremony, I have to
shift things, reorganize, not to mention pluralize everything. So if there
is anyone who knows why this couple should not marry, let them speak now
or forever hold their peace.
Gwen: I do. [Guests react][Timmy whistles]
Timmy: What's that smell? Timmy can't make it out. Timmy guesses
tabby's right. Pain and suffering is going to come to everyone in Harmony,
except Timmy and Tabby. Tabby!
Tabitha: What?
Timmy: Do Timmy and tabby need more marTimmy ingredients?
Tabitha: No, just the ice.
Timmy: Your wish is Timmy's command.
Timmy: Whoo. Little bit of a draft back there. Nice on a hot night like
this. [Music plays]

Sam: Grace, don't buy into this, all right? Any of it. The guy is a con
artist, a grifter. Look, I don't know what his scam is, but he wants
something from you.
David: Yes. I want you to remember.
Sam: The mistake he made was going after the wife of the chief of
police.
David: No mistake.
Sam: Damn you. Why are you doing this? Why are you trying to upset my
wife?
David: I don't mean to upset anybody. I certainly don't mean to upset
Grace or you. But I've been looking for her for a long time, and now that
I've found her --
Sam: You haven't found her because you're lying!
David: Now that I've found her, it's very upsetting that she has no
recollection of who I am.
Grace: You say we were husband and wife and you expect me to remember,
but I don't I don't have any recollections of ever meeting you, never mind
being married.
Sam: Ok, Hastings, let's wind this up. You say that you were married to
my wife. Well, let's see some proof. Show me a marriage certificate, a
picture of your wedding day, something, anything that can back up your
claim. If you can't, then I want you to keep your mouth shut and stay out
of our lives forever.
Grace: It can't be true. Can it, Sam?
Sam: What?
Grace: Is it possible that I was married to this man?
Sam: Well, we're going to find out, aren't we?
Grace: There is no point in us standing here arguing. We should be at
the church watching your son getting married, wishing Ethan and Theresa
all the best.
Sam: You are my first priority. You're always my first priority. And
this man is torturing you with his allegations.
David: Could we please not reduce this to cold, legal terms. These
aren't allegations. These are people's lives.
Sam: And I want you out of ours. So let's settle it.
Grace: Just let him say whatever he wants. It doesn't matter. We're
never going to see him again. But Ethan -- he's part of our lives now,
Sam, and he would be so upset if we weren't at his wedding.
Sam: And I want to be there for him, but Ethan is a very bright young
man. He'll understand when I explain it to him. Then again, I might not
have to. If he doesn't have any proof that you were his wife, then we can
walk out of here and still have time to make the wedding. How about it,
Hastings?
David: How about?
Sam: Show us the proof.
David: You emptied my pockets when you booked me, so you know I'm not
carrying any proof.
Sam: Well, is it in your bags? The ones you left at the
bed-and-breakfast? You came with a magazine article with a picture of my
wife, so I know you were looking for her.
David: Well, of course I was. That's why I came here. I'm looking for
Grace.
Sam: Well, then you wouldn't have come without carrying some sort of
proof that you know the person you're looking for.
David: After Grace disappeared, I looked everywhere for her.
Sam: Well, did you go to the police?
David: Yeah. Yeah, I went to the police, but they couldn't find
anything.
Sam: Oh, yeah.
David: So they had to give up.
Sam: Mm-hmm.
David: I didn't know if you were dead or alive, Grace. And I didn't
feel much like living myself. And I hated going to all those places we'd
been before, seeing all those people we'd known.
Sam: You have got to be kidding me.
David: So I started taking photo assignments overseas just to get away.
Far, far away.
Sam: That's it. I have heard enough of your lies. Just answer the
question -- do you have any proof that you were married to my wife? Yes or
no?

Gwen: I know why these two people shouldn't be married.
Francisco: Who's that?
Cristina: That's the girl Ethan gave up for Theresa. I knew she'd cause
trouble.

Julian: My God, I can't take much more of this. Luis and Sheridan have
to get married. Because if they don't, I'm going to have to kill my own
sister.
Rebecca: You go, Gwen. You show them. And you stop worrying.
Julian: That's easy to say.
Rebecca: Julian, Ethan and Theresa not saying "I do" doesn't mean that
your sister can't still get married. I mean, there's nothing to stop Luis
from putting that poisoned wedding ring on Sheridan's finger.

Sheridan: I do.
Luis: Sheridan, what's wrong? Sheridan?
Sheridan: Oh!
Luis: Sheridan. Sheridan. Sheridan. No!
Julian: Will this bloody day never end?
Ethan: Gwen, what is this?
Gwen: I'm sorry to have to be the one to do this, Ethan, but I love you
too much as a friend to let this wedding continue.
Ethan: What -- what are you -- I don't understand.
Gwen: You broke my heart once, and I suppose I should rejoice in seeing
someone make you unhappy, but I can't let Theresa do this to you. She's a
liar and a backstabber who's been deceiving you all along.
Theresa: No, Gwen --
Gwen: She stole you away from me by trickery.
Theresa: That's a lie. I didn't send the letter to the tabloid. I'm
innocent.
Pilar: Ethan, don't listen to Gwen. She's jealous.
Theresa: Mama's right.
Pilar: She wants to ruin your happiness.
Theresa: She would do anything to get you back.
Pilar: Go on with the wedding.
Ivy: At least hear Gwen out. If you don't, Ethan, you will spend the
rest of your life wishing you had.

Eve: God, I wish Sam were here. I have a feeling that Ethan's going to
need his father.
T.C.: Secrets. It all comes down to that -- people keeping secrets.
They're like murder. They destroy lives.

Gwen: People told me Theresa was duplicitous.
Pilar: Who?
Gwen: But I refused to believe them at first.
Theresa: And which people said that about me, Gwen?
Gwen: But this proves that she is.
Theresa: Ethan, you must believe me. I don't know what is going on or
how the tabloid would get that e-mail, but I didn't send it. I swear by
all that's holy.
Ethan: I know it wasn't you. You're the most honest and open woman I've
ever known. You'd never keep any secrets from me.
Gwen: She's lying again, Ethan. She can swear by all that's holy all
she wants. She's lying!
Ethan: Look, Gwen, please. I love Theresa. Don't do this to yourself.
Luis: My sister would never do anything to hurt Ethan. Sending an
e-mail to a tabloid about him? You don't know what you're talking about.
Gwen: You're wrong, Luis.
Luis: No. Ethan dumped you. You want revenge, and you're hoping that
smearing Theresa and tearing her down is going to win Ethan back.
Ethan: That's not going to happen.
Gwen: Theresa lied and cheated. I'm telling the truth.
Sheridan: Gwen, please, let it go. I know that this is hard on you, but
Ethan and Theresa love and trust each other.
Gwen: He can't trust her.
Sheridan: Those tabloid people lie all the time. I should know. I've
been on enough covers, and I have yet to read anything that is remotely
related to the truth.
Pilar: Ethan and Theresa have a right to get married.
Sheridan: Pilar is right.
Cristina: Of course she's right.
Francisco: You tell them, mi hermana.

Whitney: What if Ethan finds out that Theresa knew all along that chief
Bennett was Ethan's real father?
Chad: Nothing good, that's for sure.

Gwen: I know it's part of your charm, Ethan, but you are so naive.
Theresa is playing you for a fool.
Ethan: I'm sorry, Gwen --
Gwen: Look, what if I can prove that she lied?
Ethan: We've already been through all of this.
Gwen: That Theresa knew you were a Bennett, not a Crane, all along?
Would you still marry her?

Timmy: Shaquille O'Neal in the paint, and he goes for a jump shot! Oh!
Nothing there! And the crowd boos! Boo! [Norma groans]
Norma: Oh. I've come thousands of miles to get my revenge, and I will
have it! Oh, I'll chop them into teeny, tiny pieces, father. I won't let
you down.

Sam: Where is it, Hastings? Show me the proof. Anything. Something that
will show that you were married to my wife.
David: The problem was, every time I went back to Hartford, I'd run
into familiar faces, familiar streets. Every time I turned a corner, I
thought I'd run into you, Grace. So I decided to pack up and move to the
everglades, a place I'd never been, where I didn't know anybody. So I took
our boat. Do you remember our little boat, Grace? The gala? You used to
love to go out on it.
Grace: I don't remember.
David: It wasn't much of a boat, but it was ours.
Sam: Get to the damn point.
David: So I pulled the gala out of dry dock, cleaned her up, and loaded
her up with all our possessions -- photos, papers, letters -- and set sail
for Florida.
Sam: Let me guess --
David: I ran into a storm off cape Hatteras.
Sam: And the boat sank, carrying all of your personal possessions with
it.
David: And that's why I don't have any proof.
Sam: You think we're stupid. You read about my wife in a magazine
article, figured it was a perfect setup.
David: No.
Sam: Thought you had an easy mark.
David: You're making --
Sam: Well, you can forget it because we are wise to you.
David: I'm a respected photographer. You can check that out easily.
Just call the magazines.
Sam: Come on, Grace. Let's go.
David: Grace, you believe me, don't you? You believe me.

Charity: Theresa's in trouble. I can see that. My premonition's about
Sheridan. [Sheridan screams]
Miguel: Sheridan isn't in any pain. I mean, look.
Jessica: She's fine.
Miguel: And so is Luis.
Kay: Miguel, maybe you'd better take Charity outside. We don't want
everybody else in here to get disturbed by her visions.
Miguel: Come on, Charity.
Kay: Our cousin gets loonier by the day.
Jessica: Don't say that, Kay. She's not loony at all. She just sees
things that the rest of us can't. I hope you're not still trying to get
Miguel by trying to convince him that Charity's crazy.
Kay: No. Of course not.

Cristina: That Gwen. There's a word for women like that.
Francisco: Don't say it, Cristina. We are in church, remember?

Ethan: You'll never convince me that Theresa lied.
Ivy: Oh, open up your eyes, Ethan! Why would the tabloid print it if it
weren't true?
Ethan: To sell papers.
Ivy: And open themselves up for a lawsuit in the process? Theresa could
sue them for a fortune. Please, the tabloid's attorney would never allow
them to print it if it weren't true. You are a lawyer, Ethan. You know
that.
Ethan: All right. Then it would have been a careless lawyer. That
doesn't change anything! Theresa says she didn't send it.
Pilar: She didn't.
Sheridan: She couldn't have.
Ivy: I am begging you, Ethan, please, just check this out for yourself.
Because if you don't, you will regret it for the rest of your life!
Ethan: I am not delaying the wedding, mother.
Gwen: Ethan, I know you. You don't do things halfway. Once you're
married, this is forever.
Ethan: That's right.
Gwen: You owe it to yourself to find out the real story.
Ethan: I've already gotten it.
Gwen: The tabloid was right when they said you weren't a Crane. Why
aren't they right now? All I'm saying is that you have to know for sure
before you go through with this.
Ethan: Look, Chad went to the tabloid to find out who sent the e-mail,
and he turned up nothing. Isn't that right?
Gwen: Your best man doesn't seem too sure.
Ethan: Did you find any proof?

Tabitha: I can't imagine how I ever fit into this dress.
Timmy: It's pretty, princess.
Tabitha: Turned a few heads at the coronation.
Timmy: Queen Elizabeth's?
Tabitha: Napoleon's. Paris was ablaze with light that night, and all
the women were begowned accordingly. The dresses shimmered. Of course, we
didn't dare outshine Josephine's, so we could only dazzle up to a point.
But that point was well taken by General Murat -- head of nappy's cavalry.
He snorted like a horse.
Timmy: This could come under the heading of "more than Timmy needs to
know."
Tabitha: You're right. What's the point of reminiscing? But, oh, that
Murat -- he could ride like no other chevalier.
Timmy: That's it!
Tabitha: What's it?
Timmy: Timmy just remembered what he smelled when he went down to get
the ice.
Tabitha: What are you talking about?
Timmy: Old spice.
Tabitha: Huh?
Timmy: That's what Timmy smelled. Last time Timmy smelled that was at
Norma's motel. It was her aftershave.
Norma: Ooh. Put too much on this morning.
Tabitha: Your imagination is contagious, lad. I can smell old spice
myself.
Timmy: Boy, would Timmy and tabby be in trouble if Norma was here right
now.
Tabitha: Oh. Good old Norma.
Norma: Old? I'm not old! [Timmy screams]

Ivy: I don't care what Chad says. You cannot go through with this. I
will not let you throw your life away.
Chad's voice: If Ethan asks me, I got to show him the proof. I can't
lie to him.
Ethan: Look, just tell them, Theresa. Tell them how much we love each
other and that you would never lie to me or deceive me.
Gwen: Oh, not only would she but she has. She'll do anything to keep
you. Just ask your best man.
Ethan: What?
Gwen: Go on, ask him.
Ethan: Chad, is there something you haven't told me? You didn't find
any information in the tabloid office, did you?
Chad: Yeah. Yeah, I did.
Chad: I -- I broke into the office, and -- I found this. This is a
message that was sent to the tabloid -- the one exposing paternity. The
e-mail address is here at the top.

Sam: Come on, Grace.
Grace: I'm scared, Sam.
Sam: Of what? It's a bunch of lies. There's nothing to be scared of.
Grace: I want to believe that.
Sam: He's making the whole thing up.
Grace: He just seems so sure.
Sam: Come on, Grace. Where's the proof? At the bottom of the ocean?
Come on. Any man could have read about your suffering from amnesia and
could walk in here and claim to be your husband.
Grace: I understand that, but my question is why? I mean, if he is a
successful photographer -- which would be easy enough to find out -- why
would he come here and say that he is my husband? I mean, if we were rich,
I could understand him going after our money, but we don't even have a
house. I mean, why -- why would he do that? What would he be able to get
from me?
Sam: Whatever it is, he's not going to get it.
Grace: Still, it just doesn't make sense.
Sam: Over the years, I've had to deal with some pretty bad guys. And
believe me, the criminal mind doesn't make a whole lot of sense. Sometimes
they do things just for no good reason. Many of them are sick in the head.
They're drawn to evil. They do things -- weird things. And David Hastings
is one of those weird people. He made up the whole story about the boat
going down, everything showing the two of you together being sunk. Now,
talk about lame.
Grace: Even still, Sam --
Sam: Grace, there is no connection to him. None. But he is definitely
up to something. And I'm going to find out. Believe me. Now, let's go.
David: Don't leave me, Grace. Don't walk out on our life again.
David: Don't turn your back on me again, Grace. After all these years
of looking for you, I couldn't stand losing you again.
Sam: Well, you better get used to it. Don't listen to him, Grace. He's
a scam artist. He's just trying to suck you into another one of his lies.
David: Everything I told you is the truth. I had all kinds of proof
that Grace and I were married.
Sam: And it's all down on the bottom of the ocean.
David: I can prove that I lost the boat. I have the report from the
coast guard and the insurance.
Sam: This whole thing is a crock. So your boat sank. It doesn't prove a
damn thing.
Grace: Sam. I have no memory of ever seeing you before in my life.
Nothing registers. And I have to believe that if we were married, I would
feel something.
David: Don't you remember anything before you got amnesia?
Grace: Well, almost nothing, but you being here -- it just seems so
unreal.
David: Imagine how I felt when I saw your face in the magazine.
Grace: Why are you doing this? What do you want from me?
David: Grace, I understand why you wouldn't believe me. And I'm sorry
for upsetting you. And I can imagine this is difficult for you to accept.
But as far as why, why I'm doing this, why I'm putting us through this --
it's really pretty simple. I love you, Grace, and I want you back.

Julian: A total mess. That's what it's going to be. Snoops everywhere.
Media frenzy. Sheridan Crane dying in the bloom of youth, so tragically.
My own sister. If I have her obituary ready, I won't have to speak to any
reporters. Where's my pen? Oh, my God! The thought it would never come to
this -- killing my own flesh and blood. But you may be right, Rebecca.
Rebecca: What?
Julian: Even if Ethan and Theresa call off their wedding, it doesn't
mean that Sheridan and Luis won't get married. And then Luis will slip the
ring on her father. And then at least father will be happy.
Rebecca: Oh, my darling Gwen. Oh. Oh, I taught you well. Oh, Ethan is
about to toss Theresa into the gutter where she belongs. Oh, and then
he'll be yours, darling, forever.

Hank: That's it. Theresa's off the hook.
Sheridan: Off? What makes you think that?
Hank: Oh, Ethan's looking at the proof that Theresa didn't send the
e-mail, right?
Sheridan: I hope so.
Hank: Just a crazy mix-up.
Luis: The only people who believed it were Ivy and Gwen. It's good to
get it cleared up, though. Oh, poor Theresa. Look at her. She's having a
tough time.
Hank: Well, at least we'll finally have a wedding, huh?

Miguel: Charity, talk to me. Are you still having premonitions about
Sheridan? Well, they are definitely wrong this time. I mean, look. The
only one up there in pain is my sister. Poor Theresa. You know, she is
innocent. She didn't have anything to do with this tabloid story. It's all
a mistake. Fate's always been on her side, though. Let's just hope it
doesn't desert her now.

Theresa: Who was it, Ethan?
Ethan: It's sent from your computer, Theresa.
Theresa: What? No. This can't be.
Ivy: Oh. I told you, Ethan, but you wouldn't listen. It's true. You are
the lowest! You -- you are unspeakable! You sent the e-mail from the
computer that I gave you. You came into my house, I denied you nothing,
and how do you repay me? You ruin my son's life!
Gwen: I told you she was a lying bitch.
Cristina: She can't talk to my sobrina that way!
Francisco: Sit down, Cristina.
Theresa: No! This is all a lie, Gwen!
Ivy: Here's the proof, Theresa.
Ethan: No. No, there is no proof. No, and I want you and my mother to
leave us alone. I trust Theresa completely. There are no secrets between
us.
Ivy: What about this e-mail, Ethan?
Ethan: Well, how could she have sent the e-mail when she didn't know
that I wasn't a Crane until the night of the engagement party?
Ethan: You didn't know I was a Bennett until that night, did you? Did
you, Theresa?

Timmy: Princess!
Norma: Oh -- oh -- you --
Tabitha: Norma, Norma, I meant to ask you -- how's your father?
Norma: My father?
Tabitha: Run, Timmy, run.
Norma: Hey -- hey! You won't get away from me this time!
Norma: You two are dead meat! Hamburger! Ah!

Sam: How dare you tell my wife you love her.
David: I'm just being honest, that's all. There's nothing I've told you
that isn't the truth.
Grace: How can I believe you when you have no proof of our marriage,
proof that you ever knew me?
Sam: Come on, Grace, we're out of here. The further we get away from
this psycho, the better off we'll be.
David: Wait a sec. I remembered something. Your maiden name is
Standish. It's coming back to me now. You have a twin sister named faith.
The last time I saw you, you were on your way to Boston.
Grace: Oh, my God. Sam, he knows me.

Ethan: But how could Theresa know I was a Bennett before that night? No
one but my mother and Pilar knew.
Gwen: Well, someone else had to know -- the person who sent the
information to the tabloid. Theresa.
Whitney: Theresa.

Julian: What's the late breaking? Have Ethan and Theresa made up their
minds as to what is to be what?
Rebecca: Gwen has just nailed Theresa to the wall. All Ethan has to do
is just go in for the kill and Theresa is dead. Long live Gwen and Ethan.
Julian: Well, whatever. Just let me know when Luis is about to slip the
ring on Sheridan's finger. That's all I care about.

Gwen: I'm sorry, Ethan, but two and two make four. The information came
from Theresa's computer. She's the only other one who could have known
besides Ivy and Pilar.
Ethan: Theresa, tell me Gwen is wrong. Say that it's all a lie, a
mistake. Look, tell everyone what I already know -- that you would never
lie to me.
Theresa: Ethan --
Gwen: Yes, Theresa, tell everyone that you're not a liar right here in
front of God. Look at her face, Ethan. Is that the face of an honest
woman, of someone who didn't know that you were a Crane?
Ethan: Theresa, I love you. I want to marry you. Tell Gwen, tell my
mother, tell everyone that it isn't true, that you didn't know.

  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 7/24/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 7/24/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Timmy: Go away! Leave Timmy and his princess alone!
Norma: Oh, forget it, peewee! You thought you wouldn't see me again,
didn't you?
Tabitha: What are you doing here? What do you want from us?
Norma: Father wants both of you dead, and I never disobey father.
Timmy: But Norma's father is dead. Timmy saw him -- what was left of
him. [Timmy screams]
Norma: Gotcha! Oh, don't worry. It'll all be over in a flash. Who wants
to be first?
Tabitha: I'll go first!
Timmy: Timmy will go first!
Norma: Aw, where's a hanky when you need one? No problemo. We'll let
Betsy decide!
Sam: What did you just say?
David: Her maiden name is Standish. She used to talk about her twin
sister, Faith, all the time. The last time I saw her, she was on her way
to Boston.
Grace: He knows me, Sam. There's no other way he could know these
things about me.
David: I know a lot more about you than that, Grace. We were married.
Sam: Stop saying that! She is my wife, and I won't allow you to
manipulate her with your lies.
David: They're not lies. Look, I understand you want to protect Grace.
You love her. But so do I. And I loved her long before you ever came into
her life.

Father Lonigan: Please come in, my children.
Luis: I'm worried about my sister. I don't even know where she is.
Sheridan: I don't understand why she ran out of the church. I mean,
she's making it look as if Gwen and the tabloids are telling the truth.
Luis: You don't think that Theresa sent that e-mail about Ethan's
paternity, do you?
Sheridan: No, of course not. I just wish that she hadn't run out when
Gwen accused her of knowing Ethan wasn't a Crane and not telling him.
Luis: Yeah, tell me about it. It makes her look guilty as hell. I'm
sorry, father. It's just --
Father Lonigan: You're forgiven. This has proven to be a most unusual
wedding in every respect. I was prepared to perform a double wedding
ceremony.
Luis: It was Theresa's dream.
Father Lonigan: Under the circumstances, you have an important decision
to make. Do the two of you still want to get married today or not?
Rebecca: Oh! Why did you turn off the feed to the church?
Julian: Because I can't stand the suspense! If your harebrained scheme
to stop Ethan and Theresa from getting married prevents Luis from slipping
that ring on Sheridan's finger, father is going to force me to murder my
own sister in cold blood.
Rebecca: Julian -- Julian, don't worry. I'm sure that Luis and Sheridan
are going to go ahead with their wedding in spite of Theresa's misfortune.
I'm going to call Gwen and see what's going on.

Ethan: Theresa! Theresa, stop! Listen. I need you to help me make sense
of all this. Why did you just run out of the church?

Whitney: Oh, God, I hope they can get through this, Chad.
Chad: Yeah, so do I. I don't think there's much of a chance at this
point.
Whitney: But I know Theresa did not send that e-mail.
Chad: Well, maybe not, Whitney, but she did know that Ethan wasn't a
Crane, and she still never told him. I mean, did she think I liked having
to tell him that the e-mail came from her computer?
Whitney: At that point, Chad, you had no choice. Ethan asked you
point-blank. You had to tell him the truth.
Chad: So what happens now?
Whitney: I have no idea, but I'm having an awful feeling that if they
don't get married today, they never will.

Gwen: Ok, so I'm in the church courtyard right now, and Ethan has just
run after Theresa, but I'm too far away to hear what's going on.
Rebecca: Well, what does it look like they're saying?
Gwen: I don't know, but it looks -- it looks deadly serious. Oh, relax,
mother. The wedding has been put on hold, and there's no way that Ivy or
Ethan or anyone is going to find out that we actually sent the e-mail from
Theresa's computer. I think Ethan is breaking up but it looks, now, and
I'm going to be there to pick up the pieces.

Ethan: What Gwen said in there, I know it isn't true. I know you didn't
know all along that I wasn't a Crane. You didn't lie to me, did you,
Theresa?

Gwen: What do you think you're doing? That's mine.
Pilar: Who were you talking to?
Gwen: None of your damn business.
Pilar: You know, you should be ashamed of yourself.
Gwen: Excuse me? You're the one who has a daughter who's a disgrace.
Pilar: Not another word! I couldn't hear what you were saying into your
phone, but it is clear that you were gloating about Theresa's wedding
coming to a halt.
Gwen: And I'm supposed to apologize for that? I don't think so.
Frankly, I'm thrilled that Ethan has been saved from making the biggest
mistake of his life.
Pilar: How dare you assume the worst of my daughter. She did not send
that e-mail to the newspaper. That story is a cruel lie!
Ivy: Oh, really, Pilar? Then how come the tip they received came from
Theresa's computer? It has her address on it, the one I set up when I gave
your daughter her own laptop.
Pilar: I don't care. I know my daughter did not send it.
Gwen: I notice you're not denying that Theresa knew about Ethan's
paternity before he did. Everyone knows that you're Ivy's one confidant.
Obviously, she got the truth from you so she could steal Ethan away from
me and marry him. Was she ever going to tell him the truth? Somehow, I
really doubt it.
Pilar: You are so wrong.
Ivy: I'm sorry, Pilar, but the truth is out. If Theresa didn't send the
e-mail, then who did?
Pilar: That's a very good question.

Ethan: I need to know the truth, whatever it is. Did you lie to me? Did
you know all along that Ethan wasn't a Crane?
Theresa: Ethan, I never sent that e-mail. That story was a complete
fabrication.

Whitney: I'd better go get Luis.
Chad: I'm going to see if I can talk some sense into Ethan.
Whitney: Ok.
Chad: Ethan, Theresa --
Ethan: Chad, look, not now. This is between Theresa and me.
Chad: Just hear me out. You told me yourself that you've never loved
anyone as much as you love Theresa. So what's it going to be, man, huh?
You know the kind of trash those newspapers print just to sell copies.
You're going to believe a tabloid over the woman that you want to spend
the rest of your life with?
Ethan: Theresa, you didn't answer my question. Now, please, just tell
me. When did you find out I wasn't a Crane?

Father Lonigan: The last thing I want to do is pressure you.
Sheridan: I know you have another wedding scheduled.
Father Lonigan: Yes.
Luis: I just wish I knew that Theresa was ok.
Sheridan: I'm sure she's fine. She's probably explaining everything to
Ethan right now and they'll be ready to go on with the ceremony in just a
bit. Would it be all right with you, father, if we go ahead and do it all
together, then?
Father Lonigan: I don't know why not.
Sheridan: Then it's settled. We'll wait until Ethan and Theresa work
things out and then go ahead with the double wedding.
Luis: Yeah? Sure you're all right with that?
Sheridan: Of course.
Luis: I love you.
Father Lonigan: I believe this is my cue to exit.
Luis: You know, I mean that. I really do love you. Most women -- well,
they wouldn't wait, not even an hour or two.
Sheridan: Most brides aren't marrying the man of their dreams.

[Knock
on door]
Whitney: Luis, come quick. Theresa needs you.

Tabitha: Norma! Norma, wait. What about your father?
Norma: My father? What about my father?
Tabitha: He's rolling right out of the front door right now.
Norma: Where? What the --
Timmy: Made you look! [Norma screams] [Timmy screams]
Tabitha: Oh! Oh!
Norma: How dare you treat father like a common football!
Timmy: What should we do with it now, princess?
Tabitha: There's only one thing to do! Punt! Punt!
Tabitha: Run, Timmy, run! .

Grace: No, I don't remember you. How could we have been married?
Sam: It's easy. Because you weren't. He's making this whole thing up
for some twisted reason I haven't figured out yet.
David: Now I know why you didn't recognize me when you first saw me.
What happened in Boston? How did you lose your memory?
Grace: It was a fire. It was an awful --
Sam: Don't say any more, Grace. He doesn't need to know more than he
already does.
David: I beg to differ. As her husband --
Sam: That is enough! I will not allow you to upset my wife anymore!
Grace: Wait, I have it figured out. You have got me mistaken for my
identical sister, faith. But she died a few years ago.
David: No, Grace. You're the one. You're the one I married. You're the
woman I fell in love with, whether this chump likes it or not. You've got
to believe me I searched for years for you. I'd completely given up hope
of ever finding you until I spotted that magazine article about your house
being swallowed into the ground. When I saw your photo, I dropped
everything and I rushed to Harmony.
Sam: Well, why didn't you pick up the phone? Or try to contact her like
a normal person? No. You've been spying on her for days, scaring the hell
out of her.
David: I'm sorry. I was afraid.
Sam: Afraid of what?
David: Of being rejected by the woman I loved, who had already left me
once. Of finding out that she'd forgotten all about me and moved on with
her life. Of this, I guess. But being locked up is nothing in comparison
to realizing that you've forgotten everything we ever had, everything we
ever did.
Grace: I'm sorry --
Sam: Don't apologize to him, Grace.
David: Try, Grace. Try to remember. I know you have amnesia, but try to
think back. Try to remember what we had. It was so close.
Sam: No closer.[Tabitha screams]
Timmy: Hello? Police? There's a psycho at --
Tabitha: Get away from there! Get away!
Timmy: But Norma's going to pull a Henry viii on Timmy and Tabby and
chop their heads if they don't get backup.
Tabitha: We'll get more than backup if you call the police. So far,
		we've been lucky that nobody has connected me with my blockbuster
		bestseller. But once the police come, they'll put two and two together
		in a flash, and suddenly we'll find ourselves on the &quot;Today Show&quot; or
		worse. Now, as much as I'd love to meet Katie Couric, I don't want the whole world
knowing I'm a witch and you're a talking doll, now, do we?
Timmy: Timmy never thought of that. But what's Tabby going to do to get
rid of Norma?
Tabitha: I'll think of something. Maybe I won't have to. Maybe the big
old girl has realized that we outsmarted her and she's decided to go home.

Timmy: Oh, Timmy hopes she took that moldy old head with her.
Tabitha: Oh, don't worry, lad. I have a feeling she doesn't go anywhere
without him.
Timmy: Oh.
Norma: [As father] you know what you have to do, Norma. [Normal voice]
oh, yes, father. I won't let you down. I'm going to kill them. Kill them,
kill them --

Pilar: You seemed to know a great deal about the tabloid headline when
we were all in the church. How is that possible, Gwen?
Gwen: I love how you're trying to turn Theresa Ethan in
Ivy: Gwen's right, Pilar. How dare you blame her when we have all seen
proof that the e-mail exposing Ethan's paternity came directly from
Theresa's computer?
Pilar: That does not mean my daughter sent it.
Ivy: Spare me! I understand that you are loathe to accept your
daughter's treachery, but even you should be able to see that this wedding
had to be stopped. Thank God that Ethan found out in time.
Gwen: Still, he must be so hurt right now.
Ivy: Oh. You're right, Gwen. Let's go. Ethan needs us.
Ethan: Answer me. Did you lie to me? Did you know all along that I
wasn't a Crane?
Theresa: Ethan, please don't ask me these questions. Just remember how
much we love each other, and just let it go.

Whitney: Chad. What's going on?
Chad: Ethan keeps asking her when she knew the truth about his
paternity, but so far she hasn't admitted anything.
Luis: Well, why should she? My sister didn't do anything wrong. You
guys don't think that she sent that e-mail the tabloid about Ethan being
Sam's son, do you?
Whitney: No, no, Luis. Of course not.
Luis: All right. I don't know how her e-mail got on that thing, but
there's no way that she could have sent it. She didn't even find out that
Ethan was Sam Bennett's son till Ethan found out himself at the engagement
party. I'm going to go see if she's all right.
Sheridan: No, don't. Let them work this out on their own.
Luis: But she's --
Sheridan: I know you love your sister, but this is between them.

Ethan: We talked about who else knew besides my mother and Pilar that I
was Sam Bennett's son. You said you had no idea. I need to hear that that
wasn't a lie. I need to hear the truth, and I need to hear it from you.
Did you know?
Gwen: Of course she knew, Ethan. She just didn't feel it was expedient
to let you in on her little secret.
Ethan: Gwen, this is between Theresa and me.
Gwen: Fine, don't take my word for it. But once the cat seems to have
quite a grip on Theresa's tongue at the moment, why don't you let her eyes
tell you what her lying mouth can't. Look at them closely, Ethan. They'll
tell you the truth.
Ethan: Oh, my God. You knew I wasn't a Crane.
Theresa: I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.

Timmy: Would Tabby like Timmy to pour her a marTimmy?
Tabitha: Oh, that would be a treat. On the other hand, I'm not sure
that we should be downing marTimmys until we're absolutely certain that
Norma is out of our hair for good. Maybe I can crack the door a and take a
peek.
Tabitha: She's gone! She's gone! Make mine a double! [Pounding on door]

Timmy: Oh, no! She's been there the whole time?
Tabitha: Oh, demons Demons save us.
Timmy: Forget it, princess. There's no way out!
Tabitha: Not so, Tim Tim. Follow me!
Timmy: Not the basement!
Tabitha: Are you coming or not?

David: You can do it, Grace. You can break through the of amnesia.
Grace: I'm trying.
David: Remember Nantucket. We went there on a honeymoon. It rained the
whole of the first week. You were so disappointed. And then in the morning
on the day we were supposed to leave, we woke up to the most beautiful
sunrise. You called it the most glorious dawn you'd ever seen. We walked
on the beach, and you picked up these shells, and you said -- you said
you'd keep them forever. You said you'd never forget that day for as long
as you lived.
Grace: Well, then why don't I remember?
David: Try, Grace. You can. You just have to concentrate.
Sam: That is enough! I'm not going to let you upset my wife more than
you already have. Come on, Grace, let's go.
David: I'm not lying! I'm not lying! She's my wife. You're my wife,
Grace!
Theresa: Yes, I knew, Ethan. I knew you weren't a Crane before you
found out.
Ethan: How? How is that possible? I defended you. I told everyone that
you couldn't have known before I did because we found out at the same
time.
Gwen: That's what she wanted you to think, Ethan. That's why she lied
to you all these months.
Ivy: That wasn't enough for you, was it, Theresa? You weren't content
until you had exposed the most intimate fact of my life to the sordid
tabloid press.
Luis: I can't believe Theresa knew that Ethan was Sam's son.
Sheridan: She admitted it.
Luis: But why didn't she tell him the truth?

Rebecca: Don't worry. Nobody saw us.
Julian: I was afraid of this. Sheridan's not wearing the ring. The
wedding's been sidelined over and over.. I have to get things back on
track.
Rebecca: Well, you do what you must, but I've got to go check on Gwen.
Pilar: What are you two doing here?

Ethan: When did you find out that I wasn't a Crane? How long before I
read it in the tabloid?
Theresa: Months, Ethan. I knew for months before you found out. But I
swear to you, I didn't send the proof to that tabloid.
Ethan: How did you find out?
Theresa: It was by accident. I mean, mama held Mrs.. Crane's personal
papers at home in her closet for safekeeping, and I found it in the
suitcase by chance.
Ethan: But I asked you point-blank if you knew before I did, and you
said no. Why didn't you tell me the truth?
Theresa: Because I didn't want to hurt you. Being a Crane meant so much
to you that at that time I thought there was no reason that you had to
find out.
Ethan: Well, what about later after I knew? Why didn't you tell me
then?
Theresa: Because I was scared that you would blame me for this story
getting out. I was afraid I would lose you, Ethan, and I couldn't face
that.
Whitney: Ethan, it's true. Theresa wanted to tell you so badly. She was
just scared that she was going to lose you.
Chad: Ethan, remember how we talked about all those "what ifs"? Well,
this is the big one, man. You said you'd be able to forgive someone if
they knew the truth but didn't tell you out of love.
Ethan: Only if it wasn't the person who stabbed me in the back with the
tabloid.
Theresa: And that wasn't me, Ethan. I don't know how that happened, but
I swear to God above that wasn't me. I'd never do that because I love you.

Ethan: I thought love was about trust. And if you trusted me, why
didn't you tell me the truth?
Theresa: I wish I had. I'll wish that every day for the rest of my
life. I am so sorry, Ethan. I did a terrible thing. And maybe you'll never
be able to forgive me, but I am begging you -- please, realize that I did
what I did out of love.
Luis: Well, ok, folks. Looks to me like the double wedding's back on.
Now, what do you say we all go back into the church?
Gwen: Don't believe her, Ethan! What she did to you has nothing to do
with love!

Tabitha: Hurry, Timmy! Hurry!
Timmy: Timmy's running as fast as his little legs can carry him! What's
Tabby waiting for? Timmy thought Timmy and Tabby were going to go down
there.
Tabitha: Not us, Timmy. I want to trick Norma into visiting our friends

Timmy: Oh, Timmy likes that idea.
Tabitha: Our friends appear to be resting at the moment, but I think
they'll be very excited at having Norma as a guest, don't you? Now we've
got to figure out a way how to get her down those stairs. -
Timmy: Leave it to Timmy, princess. Leave it all to Timmy.
Timmy: She's coming! She's coming! Oh, dear, oh, dear, oh, dear,
whatever shall Timmy and Tabby do? The basement, the basement -- it's the
only safe place where Timmy and his princess can hide from that evil,
wicked Norma and her headless father!
Tabitha: Yes, you're right, Timmy. We'd better get down there,
lickety-split. How fortunate that we have a cellar. She'll never find us
down there!
Norma: Oh, you think you're so clever, don't you? Well, father and I
are going to show you just how smart you are.
Tabitha: Hey!
Timmy: Yes!

Sam: Here you go, honey
Sam: Because I don't know what game he's playing yet, but I know he's
playing one.
Grace: But he knew about my twin sister, faith. I mean, we didn't even
know about her until a few years ago, yet he knew everything. Sam, what if
what he says is true? What if I had a whole other life with another man?
Why can't I remember?
Sam: Because it's not true. It can't be.

Pilar: I warned you to stay away, and now I catch you sneaking around
like two thieves in the night. Why are you here?
Rebecca: Well --
Julian: Like it or not, Pilar, Sheridan is my sister, my only sibling,
and she's getting married.
Pilar: Oh, please. I don't for a moment Believe that you came here to
wish her well. Now, I think your presence has something to do with
Theresa.
Rebecca: Oh. Is something wrong?
Pilar: You know very well there is. In fact, I'm quite certain that it
was you Gwen was gloating on the phone with earlier. In fact, I have to
think perhaps you two are involved in this whole tabloid mess.
Julian: What tabloid mess? Jeez.
Rebecca: Oh, my. Well, I can see why you're so upset. I had no idea. Of
course, it doesn't surprise me in the least. I mean, if Ethan had just
married my daughter when he was supposed to, he wouldn't be having his
heart broken by Theresa's duplicity.
Pilar: How dare you. My daughter had nothing to do with exposing
Ethan's paternity.
Julian: Well, one need not believe everything one reads in the
newspaper, but it is all right there, Pilar.
Pilar: It's a lie. One that I think Rebecca and her daughter know all
about.

Gwen: Well, even if you're not curious, I am. If Theresa didn't send
this letter to the tabloid, then why did she scan it on her computer so it
could later be used against you? Did you do that out of love, too,
Theresa?

Sam: Hey.
Grace: Did you find out anything else about David?
Sam: Well, that's not what I'm looking for. I ran a nationwide search
on every story that was written about us after our house was sucked
underground. I wanted to see what the press had written about our family,
namely you. It seems one of the big news agencies had mentioned your
mysterious past, including the fact that you were stricken with amnesia
after I rescued you from the fire. It even mentioned your twin sister,
faith.
Grace: So you mean that David --
Sam: The reason David knows all about you isn't because he was married
to you. It's because he read it in the paper. It's all right here. David
is nothing but a con artist, and now he's going to have to admit to it.
You don't have to come.
Grace: No, I want to. I need to hear for myself to be sure he's lying.

Pilar: I find it very interesting that Gwen knew so much about the
e-mail to the tabloid.
Rebecca: Please, Pilar. This is not about my daughter. It's about yours
finally being exposed as the conniving little liar I've always known she
was.
Ethan: Now, hold on a minute, Gwen. Who said anything about Theresa
scanning my mother's letter to Sam Bennett into her computer? We don't
even know how it got there.
Gwen: Well, why don't you ask her? "Enquiring minds want to know."
Ivy: Although I don't expect anything even close to an honest answer
out of her.
Ethan: Look, that's enough from both of you. I want nothing more than
to get this behind us and go back into the church and get married.
Theresa: Then let's.
Ethan: But I think it would be nicer if we start the wedding without
all these unfounded accusations against you. So just answer the question
so they'll let this go once and for all. Did or did you not scan the
letter into your computer?
Theresa: Yes, I did. On my computer.
Ethan: But why? You knew it was a huge secret. You knew you shouldn't
have seen it. Why did you want to put that kind of information on your
computer?
Gwen: Isn't it obvious? So she could e-mail it to the tabloid where it
would have the biggest explosion. I bet they paid you a lot of money for
such a hot story.
Theresa: No, Gwen. They didn't pay me anything because I didn't send
it! Ethan, you have to believe me.
Luis: That's enough from the both of you, all right? Why don't you just
leave my sister alone, huh?

Julian: Excuse me.
Rebecca: What? Not now, Julian. I'm having it out with Pilar.
Julian: I don't care. Sheridan's by herself at the moment. If I don't
convince her to go ahead with her own wedding ceremony, father's going to
make me kill her some other way.
Julian: Here you are.
Sheridan: What are you doing here?
Julian: Well, I couldn't stay away. Do you have a moment?
Sheridan: Not really.

Ethan: I don't want to upset Theresa, but Gwen has a point. I mean, I
want to understand why you scanned that letter into your computer. What
were you planning to do with it?

Tabitha: With a hey and a ho and a hey-nonny-o, Norma's gone for good
and so's her daddy-o [demons roar]
Timmy: Our friends in the basement sound like they're having fun with
Norma.
Tabitha: Why not? Noxious Norma's quite a prize, Timmy. [Demons roar]
Timmy: Timmy's never heard the demons sound like that before.
Tabitha: Well, that's because they've never met a brute like Norma
before. I'll bet they just pried her big old boots off her smelly old
feet, and they'll toss those up to us any minute.
Norma: I'm back!
Tabitha: Oh, even the basement couldn't finish her off!

David: You came back. So you remember?
Sam: How could she remember something that never happened?
David: But it did. How else would I have remembered everything else
about Grace's past?
Sam: By reading any one of a number of newspapers. It's all here,
Hastings. Anybody could have found out the things you knew about Grace.
It's over.
David: I never read any of this in a news report.
Sam: Liar!
David: Listen, I don't expect him to believe me, but somewhere inside,
some part of you must know that I'm not making this up.
Sam: You don't have one bit of verifiable proof that you even knew
Grace. Not even a picture, which is pretty lame for a professional
photographer if you ask me.
David: I already told you I'd lost all my possessions at sea.
Sam: My wife has been through enough in her life without some psycho
stalker showing up out of the blue to the past she can't remember. You've
conned the wrong guy, buddy. Now it's time to pay for your mistake.
Sam: Now do you believe he's lying?
Grace: Yeah. No. I don't know. I don't know what to think anymore.
Sam: It's ok, all right? It's over.
Grace: What if it's not? What if our trouble is just beginning?
David: You're my wife, Grace, and sooner or later I'm going to get you
back.

Pilar: Rebecca, where did Julian go?
Rebecca: Well, if I were you, I'd be more concerned about Theresa. What
is she going to do now that everyone knows that the only way she could
entrap Ethan was by using deception? Of course, what do you expect from
the daughter of a servant?
Pilar: Oh -- [Rebecca screams]
Rebecca: Oh!

Julian: I -- I came here to beg your forgiveness for my role in trying
to keep you and Luis apart.
Sheridan: I don't believe you.
Julian: Your skepticism is well-deserved, but I've come to realize the
error of my ways. I know now that you'll never be happy until you marry
Luis. Tell me you're not thinking of postponing your own joy. Tell me
you're still planning to marry Luis today, that I'll get to watch him slip
that ring on your finger.
Sheridan: What are you up to?

Ethan: It just doesn't make sense. When did you scan that letter into
your computer? What day?
Theresa: I don't remember the date, Ethan, but it was right after your
engagement party to Gwen.
Ethan: My engagement party?
Theresa: Yes. I thought that you didn't love me. I thought that I'd
lost you.
Gwen: You were so upset by Ethan's engagement to me that you were
planning on using it against him, which is exactly what you did.
Ivy: You little snake.
Ethan: Theresa, was that it? Is that why you didn't destroy the letter
when you found it? Is that why you scanned it into your computer?
Theresa: Ethan, I didn't know what it was going to do. But I would
never hurt you. I would never send that letter to the tabloid.
Ethan: Look, Theresa, it is time for the full truth. Now, were you
going to get back at me because you thought I had chosen Gwen?
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 7/25/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Wednesday 7/25/01






Proofread by  Elissia
Tabitha: With a hey and a ho and a hey-nonny-o Norma's gone for good
and so's her daddy-o
[Demons roar]
Timmy: Princess' friends in the basement sound like they're having fun
with Norma.
Tabitha: Why not? Noxious Norma's quiet a prize, Timmy.
[Demons roar]
Timmy: Timmy never heard the demons sound like that before.
Tabitha: That's because they've never met a brute like Norma before.
I'll bet they just pried her big, old boots off her smelly, old feet, and
they'll toss them up to us in any minute.
Norma: I'm back!
Tabitha: Oh, no! Not even the basement could finish her off!
Timmy: Oh, what are Timmy and princess going to do?
Norma: There's nothing you two cutups can do. Your home is a
slaughterhouse, and I'm the butcher!
Tabitha: Which makes us dead meat! Run, Timmy, run!
Norma: [As father] Norma! [Normal voice] yes, father? [As father] you
won't disappoint me this time, will you, buttercup? [Normal voice] oh, no,
father, you have my word. I'll get them. Call me psycho!

David: Grace, come back! There's something I have to tell you!
Sam: Grace, he's a nut. Don't let him play with your head. Now, come
on. Let's go to the wedding.
David: Grace, please, don't leave me.
Sam: Grace -- you've already been through enough. Now talking to this
-- this person is only going to upset you more. Grace --
Grace: I'm sorry, Sam. I can't leave without knowing what he has to
tell me.
Sam: Please.

Rebecca: Oh! Oh, oh! You pushed me in.
Pilar: Yes, I did. And you deserve it, Rebecca, for being so happy that
Ivy canceled Ethan and Theresa's wedding.
Rebecca: Of course I'm happy. Your little Theresa sold Ethan out to the
tabloids.
Pilar: No, she didn't! My daughter never sent that letter to the
tabloid.
Rebecca: Oh, just stop trying to cover for her. Everybody knows that
your daughter Theresa is a lying, conniving little bitch. [Rebecca
screams]

Sheridan: You and father tried so hard to break up Luis and me, and now
you suddenly want us to get married? What are you up to? Why are you so
eager for Luis and me to get married?
Julian: I -- I'm urging you to marry the man you love, and you think up
I'm up to something?
Sheridan: Are you?
Ethan: I need to know the truth, Theresa. Were you going to get back at
me because you thought I'd decided not to call off my engagement to Gwen?
Gwen: Of course, she was, Ethan. Theresa was out for revenge. That's why
she scanned Ivy's letter into her computer.
Ivy: You knew how explosive this letter was, but did she destroy it?
No! She saved it, and she destroyed you with it.
Whitney: Theresa would never do anything to hurt you, Ethan. She loves
you.
Chad: And that's the bottom line, man. Ethan, just let it go, all
right? And we can all go back into that church right now and have father
Lonigan just finish up this double wedding.
Ethan: I need to hear it from you, Theresa. Were you going to get back
at me because you thought I'd chosen Gwen? Is that why you scanned the
letter into your computer?
Theresa: No, Ethan. I swear.
Luis: Now do you believe her?

Rebecca: Oh! Pilar, you're as vicious as your daughter! I'm going to
have you both arrested.
Pilar: They say witches melt when they're splashed by water. Are you
melting yet, Rebecca?
Rebecca: Oh. Oh, I hate you, Pilar. I absolutely hate you.
Pilar: Oh, hate is bad for the soul. I try not to hate anyone. But in
your case, I'll make an exception. You tried to get my daughter out of
Harmony. You tried to break up Luis and Sheridan. If I ever -- I swear to
God -- if I ever find out that you had anything to do with that e-mail
being sent, I will haul you into the ocean and feed you to the sharks. And
believe me, Rebecca, that is not an idle threat.
Rebecca: Oh.

Julian: I'm -- I'm not up to anything, Sheridan. My only concern is for
you. I just -- I have this feeling if you don't marry Luis today, you'll
lose him forever.
Sheridan: But Luis and I love each other. I will never lose him.
Julian: Well, never say never, sister dear. Consider what's happening
with Ethan and Theresa. They love each other, and I doubt very much from
the looks of it that they'll ever tie the knot.

Ethan: Theresa, you said you wanted to protect me from learning that I
wasn't a Crane. Then why did you scan the letter into your computer
instead of destroying it?
Luis: He's right, sis. Why didn't you destroy it?
Theresa: I was confused. I was upset. But believe me, Ethan, it wasn't
to get back at you.
Gwen: Oh, no? You thought he had chosen me over you, so you planned to
blow him out of the water.
Theresa: That is not true, Gwen! I swear, Ethan, I have never sent this
letter to the tabloid.
Ivy: Theresa is a liar. I don't believe her. She's wrecked both of our
lives. You can never trust her again.
Ethan: Just, Theresa, give me a reason. Why did you scan that letter
into your computer? What were you going to do with it?

Grace: What did you want to tell me?
David: You're my wife, Grace. I'm certain of it. But you've changed.
Gwen: So how have I changed?
Sam: Grace, don't let him suck you in.
David: One of the things I loved when we were married was that you
always faced your problems head-on. Now you seem to want to run away from
them. Don't get me wrong. We can get past it. All I want is what I've ever
wanted -- your love. Look, I'm not asking you to say, "David, of course
I'll love you." I'm just asking you to give me a chance to rekindle what
we once had.
Timmy: Help, police! There's a maniac loose --
Tabitha: No! No, no, Timmy, no! Think, Timmy. Think. If the police get
wind of our predicament, they'll deduce that I'm the Tabitha Lenox, the
witch who wrote "hidden passions" -- that stunning saga of my 300 years in
Harmony, full of intrigue, romance, and sex. I mean, Sam and Ivy alone
could --
Timmy: Focus, princess.
Tabitha: Yes, yes, you're right. If the police come, they'll throw me
in jail. They could even burn me at the stake.
Timmy: What about Timmy?
Norma: Who wants chop suey? I do!
Timmy: Do something, Tabby! Timmy doesn't want to be an entree!
Norma: Aha.
Norma: I know you want to see your little buttercup in action, father.
Timmy: "Little"?
Tabitha: "Buttercup"?
Norma: [As father] thank you, Norma. I knew you wouldn't let me down.
Tabitha: A poster girl for mental health she's not. .
Timmy: Is Tabby sure her powers are gone?
Tabitha: Oh, you're right, Timmy. I still have my powers.
Norma: [Normal voice] what'd she say, father? Your little buttercup
doesn't understand. [As father] ask her, Norma! Ask her! [Normal voice]
what are you up to?
Timmy: Good question.

David: Right now I love you more than I've ever loved you. All I'm
asking is for you to give me a chance to reawaken the love you had for me.

Sam: You know, you're a piece of work, Hastings. What do you expect my
wife to do? Take long walks on the beach with you? Hold your hand at
sunset till she feels something for you?
David: It would be a start.
Sam: Well, that's the craziest thing that I've ever heard because
you've never been married to my wife. And I'll let you near her when hell
freezes over. Now, come on, Grace. Let's go to the wedding. Next time you
see him, he's going to be on trial for kidnapping.
David: How can I be accused of kidnapping my own wife?
Grace: You're right. This is just too bizarre. Let's go.
David: Stop! Grace -- I'll show you proof that I'm on the level.

Rebecca: Oh. My dress is ruined, my hair is a mess, and I am probably
going to catch my death of cold.
Pilar: Oh. One can only hope.
Rebecca: The only fatality that is going to occur here is that of your
daughter Theresa because she's going to die of a broken heart when Ethan
dumps her -- the lying, cheating, little slut!
Pilar: I think you need another dunk in the fountain! [Rebecca screams]

Francisco: Hey, hey! Que pasa? What happened?
Pilar: Rebecca -- she sweats when she's nervous. And you should be
nervous, Rebecca.
Rebecca: I am going to get you, you -- you charwoman gone mad! Ah!
Pilar: I told you she was a witch.
Cristina: Si. And her daughter Gwen -- she's much worse.
Francisco: I can't believe the mess my niece and nephew's wedding has
turned into. Ethan's mother crashing her car through the doors of the
church. Then to vilify poor Theresa as a traitor to the man she loves.
Things like this don't even happen on telenovellas.
Cristina: No way, no way. When do you think the ceremony will start
again?
Pilar: Oh, please. I don't think at this point either one of my
children will be married today.

Sheridan: Well, I think Ethan and Theresa will work things out and the
four of us can get married as planned.
Julian: But what if they can't work things out? I'm sure Ethan and
Theresa wouldn't want you and Luis to put your wedding on hold just
because of them.

Ethan: I need a minute to think about this.
Whitney: Theresa, Theresa, let him go. Let him take all of this in, ok?

Luis: I need to talk to Sheridan for a second. You going to be ok?
Theresa: Yes.
Whitney: I'll keep an eye on her, Luis.
Luis: Thank you. Julian. What the hell are you doing here? As I recall,
Sheridan made it very clear that she didn't want you or Alistair to come
our wedding.
Julian: Yes, and I unhappily accepted my sister's wishes -- until I'd
heard that your nuptials had been marred by Ivy's arrival and the
subsequent bombshell she dropped. I came here to urge Sheridan that you
and she should marry today no matter what Theresa and Ethan end up doing.
Luis: And I'm supposed to believe that? As I recall, you and Alistair
didn't want us to get married. You were trying to break us up. Now
suddenly you want us to get married?
Sheridan: I've been trying to figure it out myself.

Gwen: Ethan, are you ok? Is there anything I can do for you?
Ethan: No. Thanks for offering.

Theresa: Look at Gwen, circling Ethan like the vulture she is. Whitney,
I'm afraid I'm going to lose him. How can I make him believe that I wasn't
going to use Ivy's letter to ruin his life?
Whitney: Theresa, it's time to tell him everything, the whole truth.
Ethan's going to believe you, honey. He loves you.
Theresa: Here he comes.
Ethan: Theresa --
Theresa: Yes.
Ethan: No matter how I look at this, I still don't understand why you
scanned my mother's letter into your computer.
Theresa: I know it looks like I did it for revenge, Ethan, and, yes, I
was upset when I thought that you had chosen Gwen over me.
Ethan: Yes. You were going to leave Harmony for good.
Theresa: But I didn't use that information to get you back, Ethan. I
love you. I would never do anything to intentionally hurt you. In the
short time after I scanned Ivy's letter into the computer, you came to the
airport and you stopped me from leaving. I realized that you loved me and
that you wanted to marry me. So I deleted the letter, Ethan. I don't know
how the tabloid got it!
Gwen: I do. You sent it to the tabloid before you erased it.
Ivy: And now you've been caught and you're trying to make Ethan think
you're innocent.
Theresa: I am innocent! Ethan, you have to believe me! The only reason
I scanned Ivy's letter into the computer is because I'd thought I'd lost
you!
Ivy: Well, if I have anything to say about it, you have lost my son.
Theresa: I haven't lost you, Ethan, have I?

Norma: What are you trying to pull, talking gibberish?
Tabitha: No, Norma. I speak the mighty words of those who live in the
world down under.
Norma: Australia?
Tabitha: No, no, the demons. The demons of the underworld. And if you
kill Timmy and me, then they will turn your father into dust.
Norma: Your friends in the basement ran like scared kittens when they
saw me coming.
Tabitha: Yes, well, your father's a little more frail than you are. Or
maybe they just couldn't stand your after-shave.
Timmy: Will the demons really do in Norma?
Tabitha: No, Timmy, I was just bluffing. My spell was nothing but pig
Latin.
Timmy: Oh. Timmy gets it. Tabby said, "they should lock Norma up."
Tabitha: Well, I had to say something.
Timmy: But will Tabby's bluff work?
Tabitha: Well, we shall soon find out. You are the weakest link!
Good-bye!
Norma: [As father] don't let them make a fool of you twice! Hurry! Do
them in! [Normal voice] yes, father. [As father] Norma! Don't go without
me! [Normal voice] oh, oh -- sorry, father. I'll cut you into little
cutlets yet! Ooh!

David: Grace, I can prove that we have a past, that I know certain
things about you.
Sam: Grace -- don't listen to him, all right? He's only telling you a
bunch of lies.
David: Still put honey in your tea, Grace?
Grace: How did you know that?
David: Because I'm your husband, Grace. I know all sorts of things
about you, things that some con artist couldn't get off the internet.
Sam: A lot of people put honey in their tea. That was a lucky guess.
Come on, Grace.
Grace: David may be the greatest liar in the world, but I wonder how he
knew I put honey in my tea.

Francisco: We don't mean to add to your stress, hermana, but we
arranged a flight home right after the wedding.
Cristina: I'm sorry, Pilar. I have to go back and tape the show. I'd
give anything to stay, but all the guests -- they're already booked. I
hope you understand.
Pilar: Of course I understand. Thank you so much for coming. Hermano.
Cristina: I feel horrible leaving you. I hope things work out. Theresa
was so happy. Why would someone want to hurt her, sending that e-mail to
the tabloid? I don't understand.
Francisco: Who would do such a terrible thing, Pilar?
Pilar: I don't know. But I do know that sooner or later Luis will find
the person responsible for ruining Theresa's happiness. Of that I am
certain.
Cristina: Oye. But don't worry. Because if things don't work out, I
know a lot of very fine young men. You remember that cute Iglesias boy?
Francisco: Cristina, no more matchmaking. You promised.
Cristina: I just don't want to leave, you know. I miss you already.
Francisco: Family should not be parted for so long, Pilar.
Pilar: You're right.
Cristina: Recuerda que te llevamos en el corazon.
Pilar: Yo, tambien. Adios.
Cristina: Bye, mi amor.
Pilar: Come. I'll take you to your car.
Cristina: Ok.

Julian: I don't blame either of you for doubting my sincerity in light
of recent events. I had no right to try to break you up. But father
convinced me we were doing it out of love for you, Sheridan, and I fell
for it. He played on this promise I made to our mother years ago that I
would always look after you, and --
Luis: And you've broken that promise how many times now?
Julian: Luis is right. I've repeatedly let you down, but I would like
to make amends. I came here today to try to keep the promise that I made
to mother, to put your happiness in Luis's capable hands. So I urge you --
get married today, no matter what Ethan and Theresa do.
Luis: Why?
Julian: Well, father would kill me for saying this, but I want you to
be happy, Sheridan. You're my sister. And at times it may be misguided,
but I -- I do love you.

Gwen: Theresa is not innocent, Ethan. Look at the e-mail. It has her
address on it. It came from her computer because she sent it to the
tabloid.
Theresa: No, I didn't. Someone else sent it.
Ivy: Why should we believe you about this, Theresa, when you have lied
about everything else?
Gwen: Your mother is right, Ethan. You're a lawyer. You know you can't
take someone's word on faith. You have to look at the facts, and the facts
tell me that she is lying.
Chad: This is ain't no damn court case! This is a problem between two
people who love each other. And they're the only ones who can work things
out.
Ethan: Theresa, please, give me something to hold on to, something
tangible.
Theresa: I can't, Ethan. All I can give you is my word that I didn't
send that e-mail. And if you don't believe me, well, there's nothing more
I can say.
Ivy: You and Theresa are getting nowhere. Why don't you just let me
talk to her.Gwen's voice: Get her, Ivy. Get her good.
Ivy: Now, you listen to me, you little tramp.
Sam: Say that again.
T.C.: The wedding came to a screeching halt when Ivy crashed her car
through the church's stained-glass windows.
Sam: Whew.

[Ivy screams]
Miguel: Look out! Look out!
Eve: Oh, and that was only the beginning. Then Ivy accused Theresa of
e-mailing to the tabloids the letter about Ethan being your son.
Grace: What?
Eve: Ethan started to question Theresa, and she just ran out of the
church in tears.
T.C.: It's been totally wild and totally unpredictable.
Sam: Well, how's Ethan holding up?
T.C.: Well, Ethan wants to give Theresa the benefit of the doubt, but
we could tell this is really hurting him.
Grace: So are the four of them going to go ahead with the wedding or --

Eve: Honey, right now, nobody has any idea what's going to happen.
Sam: Oh, my God.
Grace: You know, I just can't believe that Theresa would intentionally
sabotage Ethan. She loves him. You don't destroy the one you love.
Eve: Pilar is adamant that Theresa did not send that e-mail, and I
agree with her. It doesn't make any sense. Theresa has nothing to gain and
everything to lose by doing it.
Sam: You know, what is it about secrets and this town? God knows I've
learned my lesson the hard way. Secrets can only destroy the things you
love.
T.C.: Well, I am thankful that Eve and I don't have any secrets between
us.
Tabitha: Police chief Bennett. How nice to be by your side.
Sam: Tabitha, what's going on?
Tabitha: Well, Timmy and I decided to check out the wedding. We're both
romantics at heart, you know.
Sam: Oh, ok. Hey -- ahem -- you think I should talk to Ethan? I am his
father.
T.C.: Yeah, but Ethan seemed to be pretty involved with Theresa right
now. I don't think this is a good time to talk to him.
Grace: Well, you know, maybe we should go see if there's something we
can do to move things along.
Eve: So how'd everything go down at the station house?
Grace: Well, you know, it was just as strange as everything that went
on here. David Hastings claims that he's my husband.
Eve: What?
[Timmy gasps]
Timmy: Norma's here!
Tabitha: Oh. As long as we're around people, Timmy, we're safe.
Sam: And he calls her back --
Tabitha: Thanks to you, police chief Bennett, anyone who thinks they
can commit a violent crime here in Harmony had better think twice!
Sam: All right. Well, thank you, Tabitha.
Sam: You know, Tabitha is acting a little strange -- I mean, even for
her.
T.C.: Well, Tabitha is harmless. But David Hastings isn't. So, hey,
Sam, you were about to tell me about what happened down at the station
house.
Sam: Well, you're not going to believe what happened. Hastings claims
to be Grace's husband.
T.C.: Say what?
Sam: Yeah. He said that they met in Hartford, fell in love, and got
married, and then Grace disappeared on a trip to Boston and he didn't know
what happened to her until now.
T.C.: Well, do you think he's on the level?
Sam: Are you kidding me? The guy is a scam artist. The information he
knows, he got it from the paper or off the internet, and the rest, it was
just a lucky guess.
T.C.: So what do you think he's after?
Sam: I haven't figured that out yet.
T.C.: Sammy, I hate to say this, but Grace doesn't remember anything
that happened before the fire in Boston, the one that you saved her from.
Now, what if this David Hastings is for real? Then what?
Sam: Don't even go there, all right? There's no way Hastings can be
Grace's husband, all right, and that's all there is to it.

Sheridan: I don't know whether you're being sincere or not.
Julian: But I am. Your marrying Luis means everything to me. What?
Becks, that's really not a very good look for you.
Rebecca: It's Pilar's fault. She pushed me into the fountain.
Luis: Well, she must've had good reason. My guess is you set her off
ragging on Theresa, and you're lucky you got off so easily.
Rebecca: I -- I want you to arrest her for -- for assault and battery
with intent to drown.
Luis: Wait. Have you lost your mind? I'm not to going to arrest my own
mother. And even if I did, no court would convict her. If anyone deserves
a dunking, it's you.
Rebecca: But Pilar just --
Julian: Rebecca, dear. This is supposed to be a festive occasion. Of
course, it was marred by Ethan and Theresa's problems, but that's no
reason for Luis and Sheridan to postpone their wedding, now, is it?
Rebecca: Oh. Yeah, that -- that's right. You two should get married
today, no matter what happens.
Luis: Hmm. Well, we've decided not to do anything until things are
squared off between Ethan and Theresa. Oh, besides, we know better than to
take anything you or Julian say at face value, so what's really going on?
Huh, why do you want us to get married? Julian, what kind of game are you
playing?

Chad: Look, man, I know you got a big heart, so can't you just forgive
and forget? And can't you just trust Theresa about all this e-mail
business?
Ivy: I want you to take a good look at my son, Theresa, because you
have caused all of the pain he is feeling.
Gwen: You lied to him for months. You manipulated him into marrying
you.
Theresa: No, I didn't.
Ivy: Were you honestly going to stand in church in front of God and
enter into a marriage filled with lies and deceit?
Theresa: Mrs. Crane --
Ivy: Because I know all about those kind of marriages firsthand, and I
am not about to allow my son to be trapped the way I was.
Theresa: But I didn't trap him. I love him. Ethan loves me.
Ivy: Does he? And do you really love him?
Theresa: Yes, with all of my heart.
Ivy: How can I believe you, Theresa, when you have lied to me and to
the man you claim to love?
Theresa: I didn't tell him the truth because I didn't want to hurt him,
the same as you. We both love him so much.
Ivy: All right, Theresa. If you truly love Ethan, then you will make me
a promise.
Theresa: Anything. You just name it.

Grace: David tried to convince me that we were married. He said that we
met and fell in love in Hartford. He said that we had a sailboat.
Eve: I can see how much it upsets you just to talk about it.
Grace: Sam thinks that he's pulling some kind of scam or something, but
I don't believe that.
Eve: Why not?
Grace: It's a feeling I get. I mean, David's the kind of guy you'd like
to have for a next-door neighbor or, you know, he could be the kids'
uncle, but instead he says he's my husband.
Eve: Well, do you get any sense of having known him before?
Grace: No. At least I don't think so. I mean, he does know certain
things about me, things that he couldn't read in a magazine or get
on-line. That's what's so unsettling. Sam is sure that he is pulling some
kind of scam, but, I mean, what could he possibly want from me? I'm not
rich. I'm not famous. I'm just me.
Eve: Grace, you know, everybody has a past life. I had a past life with
Julian, only I don't have amnesia, so I remember it. Isn't it possible
that you had a past life with David Hastings -- I mean, that he is your
husband and you're his wife?
Grace: Yeah, it's -- it is possible, Eve. I just pray that it's not
because, if it is, what'll I do? What'll I do then?

Sam: There's no way Hastings is Grace's husband. The guy's a
professional con artist. But he's starting to get to her. He really knows
how to push her buttons.
T.C.: Sam, Grace loves you, all right? That's the bottom line. Now,
this Hastings guy -- he can try all he wants, but he's never going to get
her. You are the one and only man in her life, all right?
Sam: Thanks, man.

Tabitha: Don't let Norma scare you, lad. As long as we stay close to
chief Bennett, she won't dare come near us.
Timmy: Tabby's right. Norma's gone. Does Tabby think Norma gave up and
went home?
Tabitha: Well, she'd be crazy not to.
T.C.: Sammy, you can't say that it's impossible that Hastings was
married to Grace, knowing that she can't remember anything that happened
before the fire in Boston.
Tabitha: Still no sign of her, Timmy. I doubt old Norma will be back.

Julian: I -- I am not playing games, Sheridan. I'm simply trying to
make amends for the horrible behavior I've -- I've exhibited towards you
in the past.
Rebecca: Well, yes, we both feel just terrible about the upset we've
caused the two of you, and -- and we'll never be able to forgive ourselves
for buying into Alistair's lies.
Julian: Yes, I -- look at me, Sheridan. Sheridan. I am -- I am
prostrate with regret, profuse with apology. Believe me, I want nothing
more than to see Luis slip that wedding ring on your finger.

Ethan: I won't walk away from Theresa. Gwen is right. Now, I can't
ignore the facts. And the fact is Theresa was upset because she thought I
was going to choose Gwen over her, so she scanned that letter of my
mother's into her computer. And she says she wasn't out to use it against
me, but how can I believe her when she lied to me about knowing I wasn't a
Crane?
Chad: Well -- that's a tough question, man.
Ethan: You and Whitney both heard me tell her over and over again how
important honesty is to me. I've been lied to my whole life, Chad. And if
Theresa lied to me about knowing I wasn't a Crane, how can I believe she's
not lying about sending the e-mail? I don't know. And I can't get married
with any doubts between us.
Ivy: You have caused Ethan and all of us enormous pain by scanning my
letter into your computer.
Theresa: I know, and I am so sorry.
Gwen: Are you --
Theresa: I will do anything to try to make up for it. Just tell me what
you want me to promise.
Ivy: If you truly love Ethan, then I want you to promise to stay away
from him.
Theresa: No. I can't. We're getting married.
Gwen: Oh, please. Do you really expect him to marry you after all the
lies you've told him?

Eve: Before you start deciding what you would do if you were married to
David Hastings, you have to figure out if it's even possible that you
were. I mean --
Grace: Look, Eve -- I don't want to believe it's true, but what if it
is? I mean, I don't remember the first part of my life, so anything is
possible. What if I was married to David? What if I had another whole life
with him? What would that do to Sam? What would that do to my marriage?
David: You're my wife, Grace. I love you with all my heart, and I
promise we'll be together again -- Sam or no Sam.
T.C.: Well, I hope your instincts are right and I hope this Hastings
guy is a phony because if he's not, you got a rough road ahead of you,
partner.

Tabitha: Yes, Timmy. With chief Bennett as our personal bodyguard, nut
case Norma has crawled back to creepytown. [Chuckles]
Norma: You're not getting rid of me that easily.

Julian: I just want you to be happy, Sheridan. I know your happiness
lies in being Luis' wife. So you two go back in there, take your vows.
Julian: Hope I convinced them to get married, though I hate Sheridan's
going to have a poisoned ring placed on her finger, and I hate the thought
of killing her myself even more.
Luis: Forget about what Julian said. Do you want to get married today?
Sheridan: I was struck by one thing my brother said.
Luis: Yeah?
Sheridan: That -- well, that if don't get married now, something might
derail us like it did Ethan and Theresa.
Luis: Sheridan, Sheridan, wait. Nothing will ever come between us. We
don't have any secrets.
Sheridan: I know, but -- but, still, it just made me uneasy. I so want
to be your wife.
Luis: Oh.
Sheridan: But if you think it will upset Theresa for us to go ahead,
then we should wait.
Luis: Well, I think that Theresa wants us to be happy. So I think we
should go back in that church and finish off this ceremony and get
married!
Rebecca: Should we take this as a positive sign?
Sheridan: Yes. Luis and I are going to go back inside and get married.
Julian: Till death do them part.

Ivy: If you want me to believe that you really love Ethan, then you
will give him up forever.

Whitney: Theresa, honey, what is it?
Pilar: Mija, what happened?
Whitney: Theresa tried to convince Ethan that she's not the one who
sent the e-mail, but Gwen and Ivy have fought her at every turn.
Theresa: I have to talk to Ethan.

Ethan: Theresa lied to me, Chad, and I need some concrete answers --
you know, something to hold onto to know she's still not lying. Bottom
line -- I can't marry Theresa now.

Theresa: Oh, my God. It's over. I've lost him.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading


















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Friday 7/27/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
Passions Update Friday 7/27/01
  By Stephanie



		Proofread By Elissia Timmy: What was that?
Tabitha: Oh, if I know. Maybe it's nasty Norma. Keep moving, lad. Come
on.
Norma: Don't worry, father. I'll find them and chop their heads off!
[As father] that's my sweet, pretty girl. You won't let me down this time,
will you, Norma? [Normal voice] oh, no, father. This time I'll kill them
for sure.

Sam: Oh, that smells delicious.
Grace: Are you about done with that door?
Sam: Yeah. But I don't know how Tabitha managed to break it. But I'm
glad to do her a favor.
Grace: You know, this is such a fiasco. It just about breaks my heart.
Sam: Yeah, I don't know who had a worse day yesterday, the brides- and
the grooms-to-be or us?
Jessica: Why? What happened to you guys?
Grace: Oh, nothing for you to worry about. Hey, you know, Charity, I
know you don't remember much before your mother died in that fire, but is
there any chance -- did she ever mention a guy named David?
Charity: David -- I don't think so.
Jessica: Wait. That's the name of the guy who rented the room from me
at mom's b&amp;b. Mom, why are you asking Charity about him?
Grace: No reason. No, forget about it.
Sam: Grace, I thought we were putting David Hastings behind us.
Grace: You know, Sam, it's a lot easier said than done. I mean, he does
claim to be my husband.
Sam: But that is a lie. The guy's nothing but a con artist. All right,
if you need more proof to be convinced, I'll get it. Look, you're my wife,
and I love you so much, and I'll be damned if I'm going to let anyone come
between us again.

Jessica: What's all that, Reese?
Reese: Camping supplies. We're still going to warlock island, aren't
we?
Charity: Oh, sorry. With everything that happened at the wedding, I'd
almost forgotten about it.
Reese: Is that it, or have you been having ominous premonitions about
us going away?
Charity: No, Reese, nothing like that. But I can't shake the feeling
that something really bad is going to happen to Sheridan and Theresa.
Reese: How bad?
Charity: I see death hovering over Sheridan. And Theresa -- I'm not
sure, but I think she's headed for some kind of a huge disaster.

Whitney: Theresa? Is that you?
Kay: No, it's just me. She's not back yet?
Chad: Not as far as we know, and we've been staying up practically the
whole night waiting up for her -- unless she snuck in somehow.
Pilar: I just checked her bedroom again. There's no sign of her. [Phone
rings]
Pilar: Teresita.
Miguel: Sorry, mama. It's just me checking in. Theresa's still missing?

Pilar: She didn't even come home to change from her wedding dress.
Where could she be, mijo?
Miguel: Mama, I'm on my way home, but Luis wants to talk to you. All
right, bye. See you.
Luis: Mama? Any chance you heard from the police station or the state
police?
Pilar: Why would they do at? Is Theresa hurt?
Luis: Oh, of course not. I had to notify them to let them know that
she'd gone missing and -- well, the more people looking for her, the
better, right?
Pilar: Yeah, I suppose.
Luis: Try not to worry. Theresa's a smart girl, and she knows how to
take care of herself, and I'm sure wherever she is, she's fine.
Pilar: Yeah, yeah, I guess you're right.
Luis: Well, I'll call as soon as I hear anything. Ok. Bye.
Sheridan: You're as worried as your mother, aren't you?
Luis: I just wish I knew where to look.
Ethan: This is all my fault.
Luis: No, Ethan --
Ethan: No, if I hadn't have been so hard on Theresa, she wouldn't have
run off.
Sheridan: Look, Ethan, you can't blame yourself. That tabloid headline
hit you really hard. It's not your fault that Theresa misunderstood what
you were telling Chad.
Ethan: All I said was that I didn't feel I could go through with the
		wedding right then and there. But I still love her. I know we can work
		things out. But now I have to find her, and I don't know where to look.
		Where could she be?

Ethan: Hey, hey,
Ethan: Hey, hey, guys, hold up. Think I could ask you a question?
Man: Sorry, pal, I did not see which way the rest of the penguins went.

Second Man: Good one, Larry.
Ethan: Hey, look, have you seen this girl? I've been looking for her.
She's been missing since last night.
Larry: I think I'd remember her if I'd seen that one.
Ethan: Well, she's probably wearing a wedding dress.
Man: Oh, what's the matter? Left you at the altar?
Ethan: Yeah, something like that.
Man: Wait a minute. She does look familiar.
Ethan: Well, really? Where did you last see her?
Larry: Hey, not so fast, Jimmy, huh? I mean, if she left this guy, she
probably had a good reason.
Ethan: No. Look, man, it's not like that. I'm the one who stopped the
wedding.
Jimmy: Now I know where I've seen her. And, you, too, mister. You both
made yesterday's front page of "daily private lives."
Larry: No wonder you're so hot to find her, huh? You want to pay her
back for sending that little e-mail, the one that cost your cushy crane
life.
Ethan: She didn't do it. I mean, it's a lie.
Larry: Whatever you say, buddy, huh? All I know is what I read in those
papers, huh? And if my girl did to me what this little number did to you
--
Ethan: You shut up!
Luis: Ethan! Ethan! Hey, get off of him! Get off him! Larry: You're
crazy, mister! I'm calling the cops.
Luis: That's not going to be necessary. I am the cops. Now, beat it! Go
on. Ethan, what are you doing, man? You can't be going off on people like
that.
Ethan: I'm just worried about her. You know, what if something's
happened to her?

Sheridan: You can't think that way. Wherever she is, she's all right.
We're going to find her.
Miguel: Still no word from Theresa?
Pilar: No.
Kay: Miguel. I told your mom that if there's anything I can do,
anything at all --
Miguel: Thanks, Kay. You know, actually, there is something you could
do.
Kay: I'd be more than happy to help you guys find Theresa.
Miguel: That's not what i meant, and I was hoping that you'd drop by
Tabitha's and just tell Charity where I am and that i love her. She's
probably packing for our trip to warlock island.
Kay: What time should I tell her we'll leave?
Miguel: Well, that's the thing. Look, I may not go with you guys. You
know, I can't leave while my sister's still missing.
Reese: There's some really cool stories.
Kay: Really?
Reese: Yeah, yeah. There was this one about this girl who was in love
with this boy, but he has another girlfriend, and they all go to the
island together.
Kay: Sounds like a real page-turner, Reese.
Reese: Oh, it is because, see, it turns out that the two girls are
actually cousins in love with the Same boy.
Kay: Really? What happens to the girl that's in love with the boy
that's not her boyfriend?
Reese: Oh -- oh, they go to the island together and they end up falling
in love and getting married.
Kay: But you have to go to warlock island. Miguel, you have to.

Jessica: Oh, we were so worried about you, Simone.
Charity: Oh, Simone, you look so good.
Simone: Thank you.
Reese: Yeah, how are you feeling?
Simone: Ooh, much, much better. You can't imagine how it feels to get
out of a hospital. And my mother said I can go to warlock island --
Reese: Yeah!
Simone: As long as I promise to take it easy.
Eve: Yeah, and I'm going to hold you to that, sweetheart. I don't want
you to exert yourself.
Simone: I won't.
Charity: Don't even worry, Dr. Russell. You know we're going to keep an
eye on her.
Jessica: Oh, but we were just packing up right now. You want to help?
Simone: Yes!
Eve: So what's up, Sam? I got the message that you left at the
hospital.
Sam: Yeah, it's about this nut case I got locked up down at the
station.
Eve: Oh, the man who claims to be Grace's husband.
Sam: I want you to do a psychological workup on him so that Grace can
know once and for all that this guy's nothing but a mental case. You know,
it's time she and I got on with our lives.
Grace: I have never seen you before in my life.
Sam: Of course you've never seen him before because he's nothing but a
nut case.
David: You don't believe me yet, but you will. We're going to be
together again, Grace. We're going to be together again.

Miguel: I can't go anywhere until I know my sister's ok.
Kay: Of course not. I just meant that Theresa's going to be fine, and
I'm sure that she'll be back by the time we get ready to go and we're
going to be able to go on the trip as planned. [Door closes]
Pilar: You haven't found her.
Luis: No, I'm sorry.
Ethan: We looked everywhere, Pilar.
Sheridan: You mustn't give up hope.
Pilar: You must be starved. I have coffee and fresh baked bread in the
kitchen. Go ahead and help yourselves.
Miguel: So you're going to do that thing for me, Kay?
Kay: Sure. I'll be at Tabitha's with Charity and the others.
Miguel: Thanks. Just don't forget to tell her I love her.
Kay: No, don't worry.

Luis: I meant what I said on the phone. Theresa's a strong girl. She's
going to be ok.
Pilar: Well, under any other circumstance, I wouldn't have any trouble
believing you, but this time her heart has really been broken, and I'm
just afraid of what she'll do. I've already lost a husband and a son. If I
lose my little girl, I don't --
Luis: Mama.

Sam: Charity, you don't need to clean up.
Grace: Yeah, you made the juice. We'll do this.
Sam: Hey, finish packing.
Charity: Ok. Go in.
Grace: Go on.
Jessica: We need another container for the trail mix. You think Tabitha
would mind if we borrowed one of hers?
Charity: No, I'm sure she wouldn't. But you know what? I haven't seen
her all morning, and when I passed by her room earlier this morning, her
door was open and her bed was made. So either she left really early this
morning or she didn't even come home last night.
Reese: Interesting. I wonder what her and little doll are up to now.

Timmy: Timmy wishes he met her when she was drier.
Tabitha: Put that down! It's probably full of germs! Ooh, yuck, the
garbage that winds up down here. Is that what I think it is?
Timmy: That's the thing Norma carries her father's head in. What's it
doing in the dirty water?
Tabitha: This may be a good sign, Timmy. Maybe Norma's drowned and her
carrier came lose. Oh, I wish I knew if her father's head was inside
without looking.
Timmy: Uh-oh.
Tabitha: Oh, don't worry, lad. I'm not going to ask you to touch it.
Timmy: That's not what Timmy's worried about.
Tabitha: What now?
Timmy: That's not just Norma's carrier. [Timmy and Tabitha scream]
Tabitha: Agh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
Timmy: Way to go, princess!
Tabitha: Oh, that's it, Timmy! We're out of here! Come on. Careful.
Careful. You ok? You ok?
Norma: Fa-- father! Oh, where are you? Oh, oh, oh. Thank God. I don't
know what I would have done without you. [As father] now, now, ma petite,
all is right with the world again, except for one thing. [Normal voice]
yes, father. Yes. I'll kill them. I'll kill them! This time I will kill
them! Oh! Oh!

Charity: Aunt Grace, have you seen Tabitha yet?
Grace: You know, come to think of it, I haven't.
Sam: That's strange. Tabitha and that doll of hers are usually the
first ones down here.

Kay: Simone, you're back! Yay!
Simone: Yay! The hospital just released me this morning.
Kay: That's awesome.
Reese: Kay! You're just in time to help us finish packing.
Kay: Yeah, sure, Reese. I'll get right on that.
Charity: Has Theresa come home yet?
Kay: No. They're still looking for her.
Grace: Poor Pilar.
Kay: Yeah, she is kind of a wreck. Everybody's been out looking for
Theresa all night.
Charity: How's Miguel holding up?
Kay: Oh, thanks for reminding me. He asked me to give you a message. He
said if Theresa doesn't show up, he's not going to go to warlock island.
Jessica: What?
Sam: Well, you can't blame him. I mean, he must be worried sick.
Kay: Simone, you look great.
Simone: Thanks. I wish I could say the same about you.
Kay: What's that supposed to mean?
Simone: It freaks you out that Miguel might not be able to go to
warlock island, doesn't it?
Kay: Can you blame me?
Simone: Don't tell me you're up to your old tricks again after you just
got your soul back, Kay. I thought you said you were going to be good and
leave Miguel and Charity alone.
Kay: Simone, I've been trying. You know, it's not like I'm a saint.
Besides, I'm not going to have to do anything really bad to separate
Miguel from the space cadet, anyway. This time, fate's going to do it for
me.
Simone: Fate? You're starting to sound like Theresa. [Noise]
Reese: What was that?
Grace: It sounded like it came from the basement.
Eve: What if Tabitha went down in the basement and fell?
Sam: I'll go check it out.
Grace: You know what, honey? I'll do it. I was going to help bring some
stuff out to the car anyway.
Eve: You're worried about her, aren't you?
Sam: Yeah. I mean, she's starting to believe this guy's lies. You know,
before you arrived, she even asked Charity if she remembered her mother
ever mentioning a David.
Eve: Sam, I hate to say this, but isn't it possible that this man is
telling the truth?
Sam: That this guy was married to Grace before me? No way. It's all a
bunch of lies. And as soon as you run your test, everyone, including
Grace, will realize that this guy's nothing but a nut case.

David: Take it away. I'm not going to eat it.
Officer: Better try to keep your strength up. You could be in here a
long time.
David: Why? I didn't do anything.
Officer: That's not the word around here. People are saying you're
giving chief Bennett's wife a hard time. Bad idea if you ever want to see
the light of day again.
David: But I haven't done anything wrong. I'm telling the truth. And
sooner or later, Grace and everyone else is going to know it.
Officer: It's your life, mister.
David: It is my life, and Grace is my wife whether anyone likes it or
not.
Luis: I'm going to check with the police station. Maybe they heard
something.
Ethan: Pilar, I'm sorry.
Pilar: It's not your fault, Ethan. You've been very understanding.
Ethan: You know I still love her.
Pilar: Yes, I know. I only wish Theresa did.
Ethan: Yeah, so do I. You know, I can't do this. I can't just keep
standing here and waiting. You know, I've got to keep looking for her.
Chad: Ethan, I'm going to go with you, ok? Now, Whitney gave me the
names of a few more of Theresa's friends, so we'll start with them.
Ethan: All right, thanks, because I don't know what I'd do if anything
happened to her.

Jessica: Oh, I forgot my backpack. I'll be right back. Excuse me.
Grace: That's odd.
Charity: Not really. I asked Tabitha about it before. She said it's
just this grow light she uses for her plants down there.
Reese: Yeah, but what kind of plants does someone grow in their cellar?
[Noise]
Grace: Tabitha? Are you down there?
Charity: Aunt Grace, maybe we should go look.
Tabitha: Oh. Hell's bells, Timmy. You're as heavy as a sack of stones.
Timmy: Timmy promises to go on a diet as long as tabby gets him home
safe.
Tabitha: Don't worry. It'll take a while for old Norma to heave her big
old self out of that sewer.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't think so! She's moving pretty quick on those size
14 shoes.
Tabitha: You mean -- oh!
Timmy: She's coming!
Tabitha: Oh, hurry, hurry.

Ethan: All right, look, that takes care of Whitney's leads. Now, we've
got to think, Chad. Now, if you were Theresa, where would you go?
Chad: I don't know. I'm thinking, man. Did you just see that?
Ethan: What?
Chad: Yo, dude, you know, I swear, man, I just saw Tabitha Lenox -- you
know, that crazy old lady -- she was running down the street with her doll
and she was being chased by this big guy with an ax. At least, I think it
was a guy.
Ethan: I didn't see anything.
Chad: You know what? Then again, maybe it wasn't them, man, because
that was too weird, even for Tabitha.
Ethan: Oh, excuse me. I was wondering if you could help me out.
Woman: I'm not very good with directions.
Ethan: No, that's not what I'm going to ask. Ok, have you seen this
woman in the last few hours?
Woman: No, I don't think so. She doesn't look familiar. Sorry.
Ethan: Oh, that's ok. Thanks anyway. Where could she be?
Chad: I don't know, man, but, hey, look, we'll find her, all right?
Trust me. We'll find her.

Miguel: Any news?
Luis: Uh-uh. The guys have even put word across state lines as a
personal favor to me. No one's seen Theresa.
Whitney: Well, there has to be something that we can do.
Luis: Well, if there is, I haven't thought of it.
Whitney: Ok, what about the airports?
Luis: That, bus and train stations -- those are the first places we
looked. We've got her picture everywhere. We even faxed it to the F.B.I.
Miguel: What about hotels and motels or whatever? I mean, she could
have registered under a fake name.
Whitney: Yeah.
Luis: We've got it covered, Miguel.
Whitney: How about some coffee, huh? Here you go.
Pilar: Thank you.
Luis: I'm sorry. I -- I know this morning isn't what we expected it to
be.
Sheridan: You mean sleeping till noon and having our honeymoon
breakfast in bed?
Luis: Lunch and dinner.
Sheridan: It'll happen, Luis.
Luis: Yeah.
Sheridan: I'm not worried. You know, we made the right decision in
postponing the ceremony. We need to be here for Ethan and Theresa.
Luis: I -- I'm trying to stay positive for my ma and Ethan's sake, but
Theresa's been gone a long time and -- well, I'll bluff if you call me on
it, but I'm really starting to worry.

[Phone rings]
Charity: Hello?
Miguel: Hey, Charity. It's me.
Charity: Miguel. Have you heard from Theresa?
Miguel: Not yet.
Charity: You must be so worried.
Grace: Tell Miguel we're pulling for him, ok?
Charity: Miguel, aunt Grace says --
Miguel: I heard her. I'll tell mama.
Charity: Miguel, I've been thinking about you all morning.
Jessica: Is that Miguel?
Grace: Yeah. They still haven't found Theresa.
Jessica: Oh, that's terrible. Mom, do you mind if I ask you a personal
question?
Grace: No. Not at all, sweetheart.
Jessica: Is everything still ok between you and dad?
Grace: Absolutely. Why?
Jessica: I don't know. I keep thinking about that guy David from the
b&amp;b. I just got this weird feeling about him -- about you.
Grace: Sweetheart, you're very sensitive, but there is nothing for you
to concern yourself about, ok?
Jessica: Ok.

Miguel: Then Kay gave you my message? She told you I loved you?
Charity: She said you were thinking about not coming on the trip.
Kay: I forgot to tell you the rest of it. He said he loves you, too.
Charity: I know. He just told me.
Miguel: Hey, don't say anything to the others, but I'm getting really
freaked out about Theresa.
Charity: Me, too, Miguel. And I probably shouldn't be telling you this,
but Miguel, I'm having more visions about Sheridan and Theresa.
Miguel: The Same ones as yesterday?
Charity: Afraid so. Like Sheridan's in some kind of danger.
Miguel: Well, you can scratch that one, all right? Sheridan's here and
she's fine.
Charity: I'm glad.
Miguel: What about Theresa?
Charity: That one's less clear. I have the feeling that something
really momentous is going to happen to her, something she never planned
for. You know what? It's probably wrong, just like the one about Sheridan,
so do you want me to come over?
Miguel: You know, there's nothing you can do. You know, the minute I
get any word, I'll come over there.
Charity: Ok. I'll talk to you later. He said that he's going to come
over as soon as he hears about Theresa.

Reese: I almost hope Miguel doesn't come with us on the trip to warlock
island.
Kay: Reese, why would you say something like that?
Reese: You remember that story I told you, the one i found on the
internet about the girl who had these powers to see into the future?
Simone: What story?
Kay: It was nothing.

Reese: Nothing? I thought it was pretty heavy-duty stuff. Ok, there are
these two girl cousins, right? They both fall in love with the Same boy,
and they all go on this trip to warlock island. [Noise]
Grace: Oh, there's that noise again. Maybe we should go down there.

Timmy: Faster, tabby! She's gaining on Timmy and tabby!
Tabitha: I'm going as fast as I can! [Norma screams]
Timmy: Whew! Oh! That was a close one.
Tabitha: Oh, you'll never know how close, doll face.
Timmy: Timmy's chilly. Is there a draft in here?
Tabitha: Oh, well, I closed the front door. Come on, let's go change
our clothes.
Tabitha: Ah, chief Bennett, I'm so glad to see you here.
Sam: Tabitha, where have you been?
Eve: Grace and the kids have been looking for you.
Tabitha: The fact is I didn't sleep very well last night, so I took my
Timmy for an early morning constitutional. Why? Is anything wrong?
Sam: Well, for one thing, what happened to your kitchen door? I mean, I
was happy to fix it, but I was worried.
Tabitha: Oh. Kudos. Silly old me. I was locked out last night, so I had
to break it open. Good thing Timmy's head is as hard as a rock.
Timmy: Ow!
Sam: Just now there were some noises coming from the basement. Grace
had thought you'd fallen down there, so she and the kids went to check it
out.
Tabitha: Oh, no! Not the basement!
Sam: Where do they take their morning walk, the sewer?
Tabitha: No! Got a sticky situation? Think wet ones!

Ethan: I'm sorry, Pilar. We still can't find her.
Pilar: That's ok, Ethan. I know you're doing your best.
Chad: Anything on your end?
Luis: No. She's so young to be out on the street all night by herself.
I keep trying not to think of what could happen.
Sheridan: You've got to stop letting your imagination run wild. Theresa
was upset. She probably did the same thing that I would have. You know,
she went somewhere alone to try and pull herself together before she was
ready to face the world. She'll be back soon. In fact, I'll bet she walks
through that door any second now.
Ethan: I wish she would because then I could explain to her what I
meant when I was talking to Chad, and I could ask father Lonigan to
reschedule the wedding as soon as possible.
Sheridan: It will happen, Ethan. We will have that double wedding, and
next time nothing will stop it.
Ethan: Look, you have no idea how much I want to believe that, but I
just keep thinking that I might not see her again.
Sheridan: Oh, Ethan.
Luis: Come on now, sis. Come on, you got to come home. You don't know
how badly we need you.

Tabitha: I know I'm just a silly old woman, but I can't stand for
anybody to see the mess down there.
Grace: Oh, Tabitha, don't be silly. It's ok.
Sam: What the heck is that?
Reese: Well, Tabitha told Charity that it's a grow light for some
plants she keeps down there.
Tabitha: That's right, Ross. Rare, exotic tropical plants. Actually,
that's the real reason i didn't want you to open the door, Grace. They're
very sensitive, and the slightest draft can cause them irreparable harm. I
have to monitor their temperature and humidity day and night at all times.

Grace: I'm sorry. I had no idea. Tabitha, where have you been?
Tabitha: Oh, oh. Out for a morning walk with my Timmy. It's a lovely
morning. How about we all have a nice cup of tea?
Grace: Yeah, sure. Why not?
Jessica: What's that smell?
Reese: Hey, we'll be in the kitchen packing the rest of our stuff.

Sam: Eve's going to go to the station and run some psychological tests
on David. It's the only way that I can think of to get to the bottom of
this.
Eve: Well, I'll see you both later then.
Sam: Yeah, we'll meet you down there when the kids take off.
Eve: Ok.
Sam: Thanks.
Eve: Simone, have fun. Make sure you call me.
Simone: I will, mom.
Eve: You're going to be ok with this?

Grace: You know, Sam's right. If it turns out that David does have
mental problems, then I'll believe he made this whole thing up and I'll be
able to get on with my life.
Tabitha: Well, I'll go and see about that tea.
Grace: Oh, don't be silly, Tabitha. You stay here. We'll get it.
Tabitha: We're safe, Timmy. As long as chief Bennett's in the house,
Norma can't get at us.
Timmy: What about when he's gone? What about when Timmy and tabby are
all alone, princess?
Tabitha: Let's hope Norma will be tired of us by then.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't think so, tabby. Timmy doesn't think Norma will
leave Timmy and tabby alone until they're dead.
Timmy: Timmy's sure he saw the light reflected off the blade of Norma's
ax.
Tabitha: I don't see anything.
Timmy: Timmy knows what he knows. He can feel Norma's presence.
Tabitha: Oh, for pity's sake, Timmy, you're beginning to sound like
Charity with her premonitions.
Timmy: It's not just a premonition, tabby. Timmy's starting to get
whiffs of Norma's cologne. You know, old spice?
Tabitha: Oh, that is a bad sign.
Timmy: Timmy and tabby have to do something before Grace, Sam, and all
the kids leave the house and Timmy and tabby are all alone with nut job
Norma on the loose.
Norma: [As father] I must say, I'm very disappointed in you, Norma.
[Normal voice] I'm sorry, father. [As father] you had so many chances to
kill them, but you keep falling down on the job! [Normal voice] I'll do
it, father. If it's the last thing I do, I will chop their heads off. I'd
do anything for you, daddy. [Norma whimpers]
Grace: This is where I got that feeling that somebody was watching me.
Sam: Look, I'm sorry I didn't believe you, but there's nothing to worry
about anymore, all right? David's safely locked behind bars, and that's
exactly where he's going to stay if I have anything to say about it.
Grace: But, Sam, you know, what if this whole thing --
Sam: It's not true. David was never married to you, and I'm going to
prove it to you once and for all.

Eve: I'm Dr. Eve Russell. I'm just here to ask you a few questions.
David: Let me guess -- you were sent by chief Bennett in the hopes that
he would find that I'm crazy.
Eve: That's not quite the way that I would put it.
David: Why not? I mean, it's obvious he's scared to death that I'm
going to take his wife away from him, which is pretty ironic, considering
the fact that I was married to her first. Let me save us all some trouble,
doc. I'm telling the truth. I am Grace's husband.

Simone: You got all that stuff?
Reese: Yeah. As soon as Miguel gets here, we can go.
Jessica: Oh. I'll get it.
Charity: Oh, no.
Jessica: What's wrong?
Charity: I'm having terrible images, one after the other.
Simone: Of what, Charity?
Charity: Sheridan and Theresa. I'm afraid something really bad is going
to happen. I think one of them is going to die.

Sheridan: The bread is wonderful, Pilar.
Pilar: Thank you, Sheridan.
Whitney: You know, I heard the weather is really supposed to cool down
tonight. That's good.
Chad: Really? I thought we were in for a heat wave. You know, why don't
we put on the weather and get the street story.
Luis: It's a good idea, Chad.
TV announcer: Looks like the nasdaq's down and the mercury's up.
Chad: What'd I tell you? We're in for a hot one.
TV announcer: And breaking news -- the body of a so-far unidentified
female has been found in an abandoned warehouse downtown. Police are
asking anyone with information on this Jane doe to call a special number.
Ethan: Theresa.





  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site






















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Monday 7/30/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
 Tuesday 7/30/01
  By Stephanie
		Proofread By
		Elissia  Timmy: Timmy knows Norma's out there. She's just waiting for everyone
to leave so she can turn Timmy and Tabby into shish kebobs.
Tabitha: Be quiet. I'm trying to think of a place where we can hide.
Timmy: Why don't Timmy and Tabby go to warlock island with the kids?
Tabitha: There's no way we can go to that island. Last time I was on
that island, I gave the wrong scepters to the warlocks and they all
exploded.
Timmy: Timmy still doesn't know how princess managed that one.
Tabitha: It was a simple error. Anyone could have made it. But the
point is, if i ever go back to that island, I'll be destroyed -- and
you'll go down with me.
Timmy: Then princess better think of something soon, or Timmy and Tabby
are dead meat.
Norma: [As father] the old lady and her kid dragged you through the
sewer, Norma. And they disrespected me time and time again. Oh, it's time
to make them pay. [Normal voice] don't worry, father. I'll make sure they
pay -- with their lives.
Sam: I promise you, Grace, David Hastings is nothing but a nut case. He
saw your picture in a magazine and decided to come to Harmony to cause
trouble.
Grace: Sam, he knows so much about me. He knows about my twin sister,
faith. He knows my maiden name is Standish. He even said the last time he
saw me, i was on my way to Boston. I mean, it must've been soon after that
that I was trapped in the fire. I had amnesia. That's the night you
rescued me, when we met.
Sam: I told you, honey, he read all that on the internet. After our
house imploded, there was all kind of press about us, including
information about your past.
Grace: He knows i like honey in my tea. Didn't read that on the
internet.
Sam: It was a lucky guess.
Grace: Maybe.
Sam: David Hastings is not your husband. I am. And once eve finishes
his psychiatric exam, we'll have proof this guy's crazy.
Grace: I hope you're right.
Sam: I am. You're my wife. And nothing is ever going to change that.

David: I know Sam put you up to this. He wants to prove that I'm crazy
so that Grace won't talk to me.
Eve: I'm just doing my job here, Mr.. Hastings. So if you don't mind,
maybe we could get started.
David: This test is just going to prove that I'm perfectly sane. I am
Grace's husband. And nothing -- not even this test -- is going to change
that.
Simone: I know why you keep staring at Charity. It's because you're
thinking of that story that Reese told you about the two cousins in love
with the guy.
Kay: I'm sorry, Simone. I don't know what you're talking about.
Simone: Oh, please. You see yourself, Charity, and Miguel in the
starring roles, don't you?
Kay: What, are you a mind reader now?
Simone: Well, let's see. Hmm. The two cousins -- right? -- Are in love
with the Same guy. That would be you and Charity. And let me just take a
wild guess who the guy is. Miguel?
Kay: Ok. Fine. Simone, what's wrong with that?
Simone: About a million things. The cousin who can see into the future
dies. You think Charity's going to die, don't you, on warlock island and
you're going to end up with Miguel.
Kay: You said it, not me.
Simone: But you're thinking it. My God, Kay, what is wrong with you? I
mean, you just got your soul back. Don't you remember how awful it was
when you didn't have it? Now you're just going to put a black mark on it.
Kay: No, Simone, you're wrong. I'm not going to do anything to Charity.
Fate will. And if she's meant to die, then it's not my fault. But if she
does, then, yeah, I'll have Miguel all to myself.

Reese: You look worried. Do you still think catastrophe is going to
come to Sheridan and Theresa?
Charity: I see death hovering over Sheridan. And I can't shake the
feeling that something really big is going to happen to Theresa.
Reese: Like what?
Charity: I don't know. It comes from an unexpected source, and someone
or something is going to tear Theresa's life apart.
Julian: Oh, what a shame. Since the double wedding never happened,
Ethan missed out on a night with the luscious Theresa.
Rebecca: Excuse me, Julian. Did you not notice that your fiancée is
sitting here right beside you?
Julian: I'm sorry, Becks, but nothing even comes close to your assets.
Rebecca: Hmm. There. That's much better. Now, enough of that tramp.
Don't you have to figure out a way to kill Sheridan?
Julian: I'm well aware of that. Father wants her dead so Luis won't
gain access to the Crane family secrets.
Rebecca: Well, have you come up with a plan yet?
Julian: Not quite yet. That sister of mine seems to have nine lives.
Since she didn't put the poisoned wedding ring on, she's still alive and
kicking.
Rebecca: Well, you better come up with something quickly, or Alistair
will never reinstate you as heir.
Julian: Just have to figure out the details of the murder. When I do,
Sheridan is as good as dead.
Radio announcer: I repeat -- an unidentified
female body has been discovered in an abandoned warehouse downtown. In
other news --

Pilar: Oh, God. Oh, God, no. Not my little girl. Please, Luis --
Whitney: Oh, God. What if that's why Theresa hasn't called? What if --
Chad: Don't you even think it.
Ethan: I can't lose Theresa. I mean, she's my life.
Luis: Now, look, everyone. Let's just calm down, ok? Mama, I have got
every cop in town looking for Theresa. If something were to happen, they
would've called.
Sheridan: Luis is right. We wouldn't hear about it on the radio.
Someone would've called us. [Phone rings]
Pilar: Oh, God. What if that's the police? What if something horrible
		has happened to Theresa?

Timmy: Has Tabby come up with a way to escape Norma yet?
Tabitha: How can I even think when you keep prattling on?
Timmy: Princess, you have to come up with a way to save Timmy and
Tabby.
Norma: Sorry, little man, but there's nothing going to save you and
your princess now. I'm going to chop you both into pieces.

Grace: Why did he come to Harmony? I mean, of all the people in the
world, why me?
Sam: Because he's crazy. There's no logical reason for anything he
does. Trust me. Not a word that comes out of David's mouth is true. You're
not married to him.
Grace: How can you be so certain?
Sam: After I rescued you from that fire in Boston, you had amnesia.
Grace: Exactly. I mean, I can't remember anything from before that
night.
Sam: Ok, hear me out. Even though you couldn't remember anything, you
were certain that there was no special person in your life, that you were
free to be with me.
Grace: Yeah, you're right. I was certain then. What if I was wrong?
What if I wasn't free to marry you?
David: I know what you're thinking, Dr. Russell.
Eve: Excuse me?
David: You were expecting a madman because that's the way Sam described
me. But now -- now you can see that I'm just a normal guy, can't you?
Eve: Maybe it's better if i ask the questions, Mr.. Hastings.
David: And you have another feeling, don't you?
Eve: I don't have any idea what you're talking about.
David: Oh, I think you do. You know that if Grace wasn't with Sam, I'm
just the sort of man to whom she'd be married.
Reese: What's the matter, Charity? Are you having another vision?
Charity: No.
Reese: Charity? Charity, what is it?
Charity: Something terrible has happened. I see death in Harmony.
[Phone rings]
Pilar: What if that's bad news about Theresa, Luis?
Luis: I'll get it. I'm sure everything's fine. Hello? Oh, my God.
Pilar: Oh --
Whitney: Oh, no. Maybe that was Theresa's body they found. Maybe
Theresa is dead.
Chad: Shh. .
Pilar: Luis, who is it?
Luis: It's Theresa. She's fine.
Sheridan: You see? I told you she was fine.
Ethan: I don't know what I'd do if something had happened to her.
Sheridan: Well, you'll never have to wonder because we are going to
have that double wedding before you know it.
Pilar: Teresita, thank God you're ok. I've been worried sick.
Theresa: I just wanted to call and let you know that I'm ok and that I
love you.
Pilar: Teresita, please, just tell me where you are.
Theresa: I'll check in with you later, mama. Bye.
Pilar: Teresita, wait! Ethan is here. He wishes to -- Theresa? She hung
up.
Ethan: Is she ok? Where is she?
Pilar: No, she's fine. She just didn't tell me where she was. She wants
time alone to think.
Ethan: No. But I have to talk to her. I have to tell her that she
misunderstood what I was saying to Chad, that I was saying that I didn't
want to marry her right now. I mean, I still love her. I still want to
work this out!
Chad: Look, man, you'll get to say all of that to her very soon, all
right? The important thing right now is that Theresa is all right.
Luis: That's right. I think we can all rest a lot easier knowing that
Theresa's ok.
Ethan: No, I won't rest until she's back by my side.
Chad: Ethan, look, man, why don't we go back to my place, all right?
We'll change out of these monkey suits, and then we can try to figure out
where Theresa is with more clear heads, all right? Not to mention more
comfortable shoes.
Ethan: I'm staying here until she calls or comes back.
Sheridan: Look, I think you should go with Chad. You'll just make
yourself sick with worry if you stay here waiting.
Ethan: All right, fine. But as soon as you hear from her, you have to
promise me that you'll let me know. I have to talk to her.
Pilar: Of course, Ethan.
Ethan: I love her so much. I want to tell her that.
Pilar: I know.
Luis: It's all right.
Chad: Come on.
Whitney: Mrs. Lopez Fitzgerald, Theresa is going to be just fine, ok?
Pilar: Thank you, Whitney. You are such a good friend to my Theresa.
Whitney: Ok.
Luis: Bye, whit.
Pilar: Thank God Theresa's safe because I don't know what I would do if
I lost her.
Miguel: You don't have to worry about that now, mama.
Luis: I think we can all rest a lot easier knowing that Theresa's ok.
Pilar: Yeah.
Julian: Sheridan should be honeymooning six feet under right now. Since
she isn't, I have to do the dirty work.
Rebecca: What are you going to do? Shoot her in the street like some
john Wayne movie?
Julian: I know perfectly well that i can't kill Sheridan in Harmony.
Luis and Sam Bennett would be swarming around me like horseflies.
Rebecca: Yes, you would be the first one they suspect. Well, what are
you going to do, my pookie?
Julian: I have to find a place where I can control the police force,
bribe them into not investigating the crime.
Rebecca: Hmm. I love when you talk cops and robbers.
Julian: You'll love it even more when we play cops and robbers, you
wicked -- [Rebecca giggles]
Julian: Unfortunately, right now, I must stay focused. Sheridan is
going to die, and I'm the one who must kill her.

Miguel: They're both fine. We just heard from Theresa, and she's ok.
Sam: Good.
Grace: I'm so glad Theresa's ok. I know you were all so worried about
her.
Sam: Yeah.
Miguel: Yeah, even though it was pretty tough for a while. But now that
we know she's ok, I can go to warlock island.
Kay: That's awesome. Miguel, the trip wouldn't be the Same without you.

Miguel: Thanks.
Charity: Are you sure that Sheridan and Theresa are ok? I can't shake
this horrible feeling that I have.
Miguel:
Tabitha: Charity, dear, you look very upset. What's the matter?
Charity: I had a horrible premonition. It was as if I saw the face of
death. Charity, did -- this premonition didn't have anything to do with
warlock island?
Tabitha: If it didn't, Blondie's radar is off. That island's full of
unspeakable horrors.
Charity: No. It had nothing to do with that. I saw death right here in
Harmony.
Miguel: Wait a minute. I think I know why you saw death. Earlier today
I was listening to the radio, and there was an announcement about someone
finding a body in an abandoned warehouse.
Sam: Miguel's right. I got a call about this situation at the warehouse
from one of my men.
Charity: No. That's not what I'm feeling. It's as if death is close to
somebody that i know, somebody very close by.
Timmy: Oh, no! Charity sees death for Timmy and Tabby!

Pilar: Ahem. [Sheridan and Luis giggle]
Luis: Sorry, mama. You caught us.
Pilar: No apologies necessary. I am sure this is not the way you
envisioned your first morning as a married couple.
Luis: Well, call me crazy, but I at least expected to be married.
Sheridan: If everything had worked out smoothly, we would be on our way
to the airport right now, ready to catch a flight to Bermuda.
Luis: Our honeymoon! Honey, with everything going on, I forgot to call
and cancel the trip.
Sheridan: I don't think that's possible, remember? The tickets were
nonrefundable.
Luis: Oh, damn. I hate to lose money, but it just wouldn't feel right
going on our honeymoon not being married.
Sheridan: Luis, you're right. So, how are we going to spend our first
day as an almost-married couple?
Luis: Well, we can go back to the cottage and get some rest. I'm sure
we could both use some of that.
Sheridan: That sounds wonderful. Oh, no, we can't go the cottage.
Remember? I hired workers to redo the plumbing while we were away. The
place is probably a wreck.
Luis: Oh, we're batting a thousand here, huh? First, no honeymoon. Now,
no home.
Pilar: Well, you're more than welcome to stay here. Miguel and Kay are
on their summer trip to warlock island.
Luis: Thanks, mama, but I just think Sheridan and I need our space for
now.
Sheridan: We could get a hotel room.
Luis: I think we should really be saving money.
Sheridan: Then what are we going to do? For the next week, we have no
place to stay.

Chad: Hey, Ethan, why don't you come to my room and change out of that
thing, man? You can borrow some of my clothes.
Ethan: All right.
Chad: And I figured afterwards, we could shoot some hoops. Hey, that
always helps me when I'm stressed out.
Whitney: That's probably a good idea.
Ethan: Ok. Whitney, if you hear from Theresa, please come and get me.
Whitney: Oh, yeah, I will.
Chad: I'll see you later.
Whitney: Ok.
Chad: Come on.
Whitney: Bye, guys.
Whitney: Theresa?
Ethan: It sounded like Whitney said Theresa's name. Maybe she's in
there. Theresa, you in there?
Theresa: Whitney, you can't tell Ethan I'm here. I'm not ready to see
him yet.
Whitney: What?
Whitney: Hey.
Ethan: I heard you say Theresa's name. She here?
Whitney: Um --

Julian: This girl could get a man in trouble. The body on her.
Rebecca: Careful, Julian. This gun is loaded. What is it with the
Cranes and the Lopez Fitzgeralds, anyway? I mean, first there was Ethan
and Theresa. Then there was Luis and Sheridan. Why don't you just take up
with Pilar?
Julian: Now that you mention it, there is something naughty about that
maid's uniform. It was your idea, Becks, not mine.
Rebecca: Well, I didn't mean it. Next thing i know, you're going to be
asking her to join us in the boudoir.
Julian: Hmm.
Rebecca: Oh!
Julian: What? [Knock on door]
woman: Mr. Crane?
Julian: Uh -- one moment, please.
Julian: Yes?
Maid: These were just delivered, Mr.. Crane.
Julian: Oh.
Julian: What have we here? We have -- oh. [Julian hums]
Julian: Yes. My divorce papers. Once I fly down to the islands, I'll be
rid of Ivy for good.
Rebecca: Oh, more beautiful words were never spoken.
Julian: Yes. I'll head down there once i figure out how to kill
Sheridan.
Rebecca: Like hell you will. You head down there and sign these papers
immediately. I want you to divorce Ivy and marry me as soon as possible.
Julian: But father wants me to kill Sheridan right away. How can I do
that if I'm in Bermuda?

Sheridan: Well, looks like we're homeless for the next week. What
should we do?
Pilar: Sheridan, if I may, I think I have a solution. We already know
Theresa's all right, so why don't you go ahead and go on your trip to
Bermuda?
Luis: I don't know, mama. It just doesn't seem right to go on a
honeymoon before the wedding.
Pilar: Well, think of it as a pre-wedding trip.
Sheridan: You know, she might be on to something.
Pilar: You both have been through so much already. I think you deserve
to get away. And, besides, everything's already paid for. If you don't go,
you'll lose your money and the trip.
Sheridan: Well, she has a good point. A tropical getaway sounds like
exactly what we need. And don't forget, you already took vacation time for
this week.
Luis: Ok! All right. I am not going to stand here and argue with my two
favorite ladies. Looks like we're going to Bermuda.
Sheridan: It's going to be an amazing time!
Pilar: First you have to get there. And if you don't hurry, you'll miss
your flight.
Luis: Luckily our bags are already packed. Just have to go to my room
and grab them.
Sheridan: Oh, this trip is going to be perfect. I can hardly wait!
Pilar: Well, at least Sheridan and Luis are happy. I only wish Theresa
could be as happy with her relationship with Ethan. Oh, teresita. Where
are you, mija?

Ethan: Why did you say Theresa's name? Is she here?
Whitney: Ethan, I'm so sorry. I was just thinking out loud, you know?
Wondering where she could possibly be. I'm sorry.
Ethan: No, I understand. I've been doing that myself. But just
remember, if she calls you, I'll be outside with Chad.
Whitney: Ok.
Ethan: All right.
Whitney: Ok.
Ethan: Yeah.
Chad: Ok.
Whitney: Bye, guys.
Chad: Later.
Theresa: Thank you. Whitney, I knew I could count on you.
Whitney: Honey, Ethan has been devastated ever since you ran off. You
should have just talked to him. It's ok.
Theresa: I can't face him right now -- not after what i heard him say.
Whitney: Oh, no, honey, you were wrong when you heard him say that he
didn't want to marry you earlier.
Theresa: What do you mean?
Whitney: He just meant that he couldn't marry you right away. But he
still loves you. He wants to marry you, Theresa.

Timmy: Why won't Norma go away?
Tabitha: She's crazy. That's why. And if we don't stop staring out of
this window, the Bennett bunch are going to think we're crazy, too.
Timmy: But, Tabby, they already think you're crazy.
Tabitha: I can't stand it. I have to see what that ax-wielding wacko is
up to.
Timmy: Norma's gone. Where could she be?
Tabitha: How should I know? I'll tell you one thing. Once Sam and Grace
and the kids leave, we can't stay here or Norma will slice us up like deli
meat, that's for sure.

Miguel: Hey, you guys, if we don't get going, we're going to miss the
boat.
Reese: After last year's prom boat fiasco, I could use a little fun in
the sun. And I'm sure that nothing could possibly go wrong on warlock
island.

Tabitha: That Ross always thinks he's so smart. But Mr.. Know-it-all
has no idea what's in store for them on that island.

Miguel: Are you sure you still want to go on the trip? I know you're
upset about your visions.
Charity: Oh, no, I'm positive. I don't want to disappoint everyone.
And, besides, I didn't have a single bad feeling about warlock island.
Kay: See. I told you. Charity can't see into her own future, just like
the girl in the story.
Simone: From now on, I'm tuning you out.
Sam: Well, we need to get down to the station and meet eve. So if you
guys are ready, I'll walk you guys out.
Kay: Oh, I'm ready. I'm more than ready.
Reese: Come on, troopers. It's time to get this adventure started.
Simone: All right!
Charity: Thanks, honey.
Simone: Everybody got everything?
Charity: Mm-hmm.
Jessica: I think so.
Kay: Thank you.
Simone: Ha-ha-ha!
Jessica: Trip me one more time --

Tabitha: I don't see Norma anywhere. Maybe she's decided to vacation
with her father elsewhere.
Timmy: Timmy's not willing to bet on those odds.
Tabitha: I have an idea, Timmy. We'll walk down to the dock with the
brats. And if we haven't seen our sanity-challenged friend by then, we'll
hightail it home.
Timmy: Leave it to Tabby to come up with a killer plan.
Tabitha: Hey, kids, wait! We're going to walk down to the dock with
you. We want to say bon voyage.
Norma: Bon voyage is right, Tabitha. You and your little friend are
about to say bon voyage to your lives. [Norma laughs]

Eve: I'm sorry, Sam, but according to the test, David's perfectly sane.

Grace: I am actually married to him?
Sam: No. I don't give a damn what the test shows. I know he's lying.
We'll give him a polygraph test.
Grace: So you really think that'll work?
Sam: Absolutely. And once he fails the test, you won't have to listen
to anything he says again. He'll be out of our lives forever.

Theresa: Did Ethan really say that he still loves me, that he still
wants to marry me?
Whitney: Yes, honey. He wants to work everything out.
Theresa: I can't believe this. I was so sure that Ethan never wanted to
see me again.
Whitney: Well, now you know the truth, ok? So get yourself out there
and talk to your man.
Theresa: I can't.
Whitney: Why not?
Theresa: Ever since Ethan found out he wasn't a Crane, his life has
been devastated, and it's all my fault. If i hadn't scanned Ivy's letter
into my computer, well, that tabloid never would have gotten that story.
Whitney: But you didn't send that information. Ethan knows that. He
believes you.
Theresa: That doesn't matter. I have to start taking responsibility for
my own actions. That e-mail was sent from my computer. Not to mention the
fact that i knew that he wasn't a Crane and I didn't tell him.
Whitney: But Ethan understands that you just didn't want to hurt him.
And your mother even told you to keep it secret at first. But once the
story finally came out, you were just afraid of losing him, honey. That's
all.
Theresa: I know all that, Whitney. But I can't look Ethan in the eye
until i fix this mess. When that tabloid story came out, Ethan lost his
whole life.
Whitney: You can't give Ethan his life back Theresa. You can't make him
a Crane again.
Theresa: Yes, I can. I can make Ethan a Crane again.
Whitney: What are you talking about?
Theresa: All I have to do is talk to Julian. I know i can convince him
to get Ethan back into the Crane family. And once i do that, everything
will be perfect again.

Rebecca: I want you to go down to Bermuda immediately and divorce that
frigid wife of yours.
Julian: Yes, but what about killing Sheridan?
Rebecca: Remember, Julian, that a wife cannot testify against her
husband in court. And since I already know about your little plan to kill
your sister, perhaps you should marry me right away.
Julian: You have such a way with words. Yes, i -- I shall head down to
Bermuda right away. But you're going to have to answer to Alistair while
I'm gone. He'll have questions about the delay in killing Sheridan.
Rebecca: Oh, don't you worry. I can handle your father.
Julian: I just wish I could get this whole murder business over with.
The delay is wreaking havoc on my beauty sleep.
Rebecca: Well, this won't take long. All you have to do is fly down
there, file the papers. Then you can come right back home soon.
Julian: I suppose you're right. I just wish there was a way i could go
to Bermuda and kill my poor sister at the Same time.
Sheridan: Bermuda's definitely calling our names.
Luis: We're going to have to run, or we're going to miss our flight,
mama.
Pilar: Have a good time and enjoy yourselves.
Luis: We will.
Pilar: Luis --
Luis: What?
Pilar: Be careful.
Luis: We will. But we're going to Bermuda. Nothing bad could possibly
happen.

Tabitha: Oh. I can't believe we lost those damn brats. How do a pack of
kids just up and disappear?
Timmy: Timmy and Tabby are all by themselves now? Oh -- if Norma comes,
she'll kill Timmy and Tabby for sure!
Tabitha: Well, we haven't seen Norma or her ax since we left the house.
Maybe we've managed to lose her, too. Oh. [Timmy gasps]
Timmy: Tabby spoke too soon! There's Norma! And she definitely has her
ax with her!
Tabitha: Shh. Hide, Timmy, hide.

Miguel: Hey. I can tell you're tired. You should just hang out with
Jessica. We'll go get the rest of the gear.
Charity: No, no, no, no, no. I want to help. Come on.
Miguel: You've been through a lot lately. You know, you should take it
easy.
Kay: Charity better enjoy her time with Miguel now because once we get
to warlock island, anything can happen.
Simone: Do you ever listen to the horrible things that come out of your
mouth. To do anything to hurt Charity. I'm just patiently waiting for fate
to intervene.
Miguel: Hey, come on, let's get the rest of the stuff.
Jessica: You heard Miguel. Sit down and relax, Charity. Give me this.
Charity: Come on.
Sam: No, no, Grace!
Tabitha: No!
Ethan: No!
Luis: No!

Charity: No.
Jessica: What's wrong?
Charity: Everyone's in so much pain. They're all doomed. Ft bottle. Now
push back.

Sam: In case you're unfamiliar with this, this is a lie detector test.
It's going to prove that you're a liar.
David: Actually, I think it's going to do just the opposite. Grace is
finally going to realize that I'm telling the truth, that I'm her husband.

Sam: All right. I've heard about enough from you, Hastings. You aren't
her husband. I am. And now I'm finally going to prove it.

Charity: My vision was so horrible. There's so much pain and suffering.

Jessica: Who's suffering?
Charity: So many people -- Sam and Grace, Ethan and Theresa, Sheridan
and Luis, even Tabitha and her doll. Jessica, so many people are going to
suffer.
Timmy: Timmy and Tabby finally got away from that crazy Norma.
Tabitha: Hush up, Timmy. Someone's coming.
Reese: Well, that's the last of the supplies. Warlock island, here we
come. Whoo!
Tabitha: Of all the rotten luck. I can't ever set foot on warlock
island. It'll spell disaster. [Timmy gasps]
Timmy: Talk about rotten luck! Norma's right out there! What are Timmy
and Tabby going to do?
Tabitha: You've got me, doll-face. We stay on this boat, then we're
headed to that blasted island. And if we get off the boat, Norma's sure to
cut us up into tiny pieces.
Timmy: So all Timmy and Tabby can do is to decide how to die -- by
warlock or by ax?

Whitney: Did you say you're going to go talk to Julian Crane?
Theresa: I am going to convince Julian to reinstate Ethan to the Crane
family. I'm going to help Ethan get his life back.
Whitney: Wait, wait, wait. Just -- but Julian has such a horrible
reputation when it comes to women, Theresa. And need i remind you what
happened last time you guys were in Bermuda?

Julian: Oh, Theresa, Theresa. Yes, those glorious eyes are open. I
could lose myself in those two dark pools of passion. I will. We'll both
lose ourselves. Give in to the deliciously wicked sins of the flesh.

[Theresa screams]
Theresa: That was totally different, Whitney. I am not going to
Bermuda. I'm going to be safe right here in Harmony.
Whitney: Are you sure about all of this, Theresa?
Theresa: I am positive. Nothing is going to stop me from helping Ethan
get back what he lost.
Whitney: Ok. Fine. I know better than to argue with you once you've got
an idea in your head.
Theresa: Once i get Ethan his life back, everything is going to be all
right. I know it will.

Rebecca: Oh! Would you stop drooling over that damn girl? You have to
figure out how to get rid of Sheridan.
Julian: I was merely feeling sorry for Ethan. No man should miss out on
a night with that sweet, young thing. [Phone rings]
Julian: Julian Crane.
Sheridan: Julian, it's Sheridan. I just wanted to let you know that I'm
having work done on the cottage this week.
Julian: It's yours. You can turn it into a homeless shelter if you
like. Where will you be staying?
Sheridan: Well, even though the wedding didn't happen, Luis and i are
still going to take our honeymoon vacation to Bermuda.
Julian: That sounds like a wonderful idea. You two kids have fun.
Sheridan: Bye.
Luis: Dare I ask what your dearest brother said?
Sheridan: He said to have fun.
Luis: Huh. That will not be a problem. I can't wait to get away from
Harmony. There won't be Julian or Alistair or anyone else that'll hurt us.
Julian: It seems that Luis and Sheridan are headed for Bermuda.
Rebecca: Which means --
Julian: Which means with Luis and Sheridan there, everything will work
out perfectly. I can divorce Ivy and kill Sheridan. My dear sister is as
good as dead.
  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Tuesday 7/31/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
 Tuesday 7/31/01
  By Stephanie
		Proofread By
		Elissia  Norma: Where could Tabitha and Timmy be? Oh, I'll flay them alive when
I find them.
Tabitha: I don't know what to do, Timmy. Either we stay here in Harmony
and wait for Norma to chop us up or we go to warlock island, where certain
death awaits us.
Timmy: Timmy sure wishes there was a third choice.
Tabitha: As do I, lad, but there isn't. No matter how you slice it,
we're dead meat.
[Simone laughs]
Simone: Yeah, it's about time.
Miguel: Charity? What is it?
Jessica: She had another premonition.
Charity: It was horrible. They were all crying out in so much pain.
All: No, no!
Charity: Sam and Grace, Ethan and Theresa, and Sheridan and Luis. Even
Tabitha and her doll. They're doomed, Miguel. They're all doomed.

Grace: David looks so calm, like he wants this test. Maybe I was
married to him but I just can't remember because of my amnesia.
Sam: No, you couldn't have been, all right? Hastings is just putting up
a brave front, that's all. He knows he's about to be proven he's a liar.
Grace: What do you think, eve?
Eve: I think we should just wait for the lie-detector test. It should
reveal the truth.
Sam: And the truth is David Hastings isn't your husband. He never was.
I am. End of story.
Ethan: Did you hear my cell phone ring? No messages.
Chad: You got to chill out, man. Look, when Theresa's ready to talk to
you, she'll call you.
Ethan: Chad, look, I was way too hard on her. Yeah, I mean, I was upset
she knew I wasn't a Crane and didn't tell me, but, you know, we can work
that out. You know, the next time I see Theresa, I'm going to kiss her and
hold her close and never let her go.

Whitney: Theresa, you're crazy if you think you can convince Julian
Crane to make it so that Ethan can be a Crane again.
Theresa: I have to, Whitney. I have to undo all the horrible things
I've done. Having information about Ethan on my computer that someone
e-mailed to the tabloid ruined his life. It robbed him of everything that
he held dear. No, I have to get it back for him, no matter what it takes.

Luis: You know, I am so glad that we decided to take this honeymoon
trip. Even if the double wedding was a bust.
Sheridan: I'm glad, too. I feel badly for Ethan and Theresa. I'm sure
they'll work things out and then the four of us can finally get married.
But until then, it is just you, me, and beautiful Bermuda.
Luis: That's right. Don't have to worry about Alistair or Julian or
Rebecca trying to break us up, do we? We're just going to enjoy ourselves.


Julian: That Luis and Sheridan will be in Bermuda at the same time I'm
there to file my divorce papers is a stunning coincidence, to say the
least. I've even come up with a germ of a plan to kill my poor sister and
perhaps Luis, given the distance he'll be from Harmony.
Rebecca: Look, I'm sure it's a brilliant plan, pookie. Just make sure
you file the divorce papers first.
Julian: Oh, yes, I will, my pet.
Rebecca: Are you sure you're not taking that paper along so you can
lust after Theresa on the airplane?
Julian: Oh, don't be absurd. I haven't had a chance to read the
financial pages yet.
Rebecca: Oh, you know, I wasn't aware that they had financial pages in
the tabloids.
Julian: Only two things matter at this moment -- divorcing Ivy and
doing away with my poor sister. While I'm in sunny Bermuda, I will be able
to kill two birds with one stone.
Ivy: Who are you going to kill now, Julian?

Timmy: Maybe Norma will just give up and go home. Or better yet, join
the merchant marines.
Tabitha: No, Timmy. Norma's like an infestation of roaches. Once you
get them, they never go away.
Norma: Oh, father. Father, maybe we should give up and go home. The
motel doesn't run itself since I gave the staff the axe. [As father] no,
Norma! You will finish the job you came to do. Timmy and Tabitha are
around here somewhere. You're going to find them and kill them like a good
little girl! [Normal voice] oh. Yes, father. Oh. When I get my hands on
Tabitha and Timmy, I'm going to hack them to pieces. Bit by blood bit.
Reese: Charity looks really upset. It's a good thing you didn't tell
her about that story I found on the internet, about the two girl cousins
who came to warlock island.
Simone: Two girls who were in love with the Same guy?
Reese: Yeah. Isn't it weird that the one cousin who could tell the
future couldn't see her own death on the island? Then the other cousin
marries the boy.
Kay: Yeah, that's actually why I agreed not to tell her, Reese, because
she's already pretty weirded-out as it is.
Miguel: Hey, Reese? Would you and jess mind getting Charity something
to drink? A water or something?
Jessica: Sure.
Reese: Yeah, sure, Miguel.
Charity: Thank you.
Simone: The story that Reese told you worries me, Kay.
Kay: Yeah, it's kind of creepy, isn't it?
Simone: Not as creepy as what you're thinking -- that the story will
repeat itself with you and Miguel and Charity?
Kay: Simone, it's not like I want anything bad to happen to Charity,
all right, but if it did, the story repeats itself, then it's not my
fault. It'll be because of fate. And if fate wants me to be with Miguel,
who am I to argue?
Miguel: I mean, none of your premonitions about the wedding came true.
You know, Sheridan didn't die. You know, and I bet these latest
premonitions you're having -- I bet they're not going to come true,
either.
Charity: I hope not, Miguel. But they're so strong. I see so much pain
coming to so many people. So much pain.

Eve: Is your real name David Hastings?
David: Yes.
Eve: Have you ever been to Harmony before?
David: No.
Eve: Have you ever been married to Grace Bennett?
David: Yes. Yes, I have.

Julian: I'm killing our marriage, Ivy. I'm putting it out of its
misery. You see, within the hour, I'm jetting down to Bermuda to file our
final divorce decree.
Ivy: What?
Julian: Oh, save your astonishment for the results of your first home
perm. You had to have known this was coming.
Rebecca: Well, yes, I mean, Julian and I are engaged. You've been
served with divorce papers. I've done everything but help you pack, Ivy.
Julian: I've made no secret that I wanted out of this miserable
marriage since I first learned that you lied to me about Ethan being my
son. So why don't you take a good look around. Look, but don't touch. You
see, today's the last day that you can enjoy the trappings of this estate,
the Crane name, and all the privileges that go with it because tomorrow
you're going to be nothing but a member of the great unwashed. You see,
when I return from Bermuda, I'm going to see to it that you're finally
tossed out of this mansion on your lying, adulterous butt!

Theresa: Thank you for lending me these clothes, Whitney. Now you
promise not to tell anyone what I'm up to or where I'm going? Don't even
tell anyone that you've seen me.
Whitney: Theresa, will you at least call your mom? I mean, you should
at least talk to her.
Theresa: Later, when I make things right.
Whitney: You know, I still think you are making a huge mistake. Julian
Crane will never accept Ethan back into the Crane family. And what about
his reputation? I mean, the man is a complete pig when it comes to women,
always hitting on them all the time.
Theresa: I can handle Mr. Crane.
Whitney: Ok, what about last time when you guys were in Bermuda and he
all of a sudden snuck in your room?
Theresa: Well, that was a mistake. The hotel gave him the wrong key.
Whitney: Yeah, Theresa, I wonder if it was really a mistake.
Theresa: Whit, I am not going to Bermuda. I'm going to be perfectly
safe right here in Harmony. Now, I have to talk to Julian right away. And
then when I finally do talk to Ethan, I will have made amends for the
mistakes that I've made and we can get married.
Whitney: But, honey, you don't have to make amends. Ethan loves you. He
wants to work everything out.
Theresa: Well, I don't love myself right now. And until I do something
to make up for what I've done, I can't face Ethan, much less marry him.[Knock on door]
Chad: Yo, Whitney, it's me. Listen, I'm trying to help take Ethan's
mind off of Theresa, so, you know, I'm thinking maybe we could all head
down to the book cafe to hang out for a while.
Ethan: Hey, Chad, I've been thinking -- I don't want to go the book
cafe.
Theresa: Ethan.
Chad: Well, hey, man, if you're not up for the book cafe, that's cool.
I mean, we could -- hey, we could go to the park. And you've got your cell
phone on you in case Theresa calls. All right. Yo, Whitney, you coming or
not?
Theresa: I don't want him to find me here.
Whitney: Um, I'll meet you guys downstairs, ok?
Chad: That's ok. We'll wait right here for you.
Whitney: Come on, Theresa, just go out there and talk to him right now.

Theresa: I can't! Not yet!
Ethan: Hey, Whitney? Who you talking to in there? Is Theresa in there
with you?
Theresa: Please.

Sheridan: This resort is amazing.
Luis: Glad you like it.
Sheridan: Oh.
Luis: Hey, what do you say, uh, we go check out one of those private
hot tubs, relax for a while?
Sheridan: Oh.
Luis: Hmm?
Sheridan: That sounds perfect. Then again, anywhere I'm with you is
perfect.

Timmy: Timmy doesn't see Norma. He wonders where she went.
Tabitha: Well, I don't care. Let's just seize the moment, get off this
boat, go home, barricade ourselves in the attic until I can think of a way
to get rid of that Lizzie Borden wanna-be. [Horn]
Timmy: What was that?
Tabitha: Oh, no. Oh, that's the horn signaling the boat's departure.
Timmy: Tabby, quick, abandon ship, abandon ship!
Tabitha: No, it's too late, Timmy. The boat's leaving the dock. We're
on our way to warlock island and certain death.

Miguel: Warlock island, here we come.
Simone: Woo-hoo!
Miguel: I guarantee you that we are going to have an unforgettable
time.
Charity: Uh-uh.
Jessica: Hey, here.
Charity: Oh, thank you.
Miguel: Thanks, man.
Jessica: Feeling better?
Charity: You know, actually, I am. I think that I left my bad feelings
behind when we left the dock. I'm starting to feel better.
Jessica: Good.
Kay: You know, Charity wouldn't be feeling better if she knew what was
in store for her at warlock island.

Sam: Malloy, get Hastings out of here so we can talk.
David: The lie-detector test will show I'm telling the truth. I'm your
husband, Grace. I have been for over 20 years.
Sam: Get him out of here now.
Grace: So what does the test show, eve?
Sam: I know what it shows. He's nothing but a pathological liar.

Ivy: I cannot believe you're going to finalize our divorce after
everything that happened to me at the wedding yesterday.
Julian: Well, it's your own fault if your automobile insurance rates go
up.
Rebecca: Julian is right. I mean, you chose to ram your car through the
doors of the church. Now, i, on the other hand, was the victim of a
one-peasant revolt when Pilar just -- just attacked me and threw me into
the fountain.
Ivy: Oh, please. That hardly compares to me finding out that the woman
my son was about to marry is the same little snake who tipped to the
tabloids that he wasn't a Crane -- an act which ruined Ethan's life as
well as mine.
Rebecca: I tried to warn you about Theresa.
Julian: Oh, Rebecca's right, my soon-to-be ex. You have no one to blame
for that fiasco but yourself. You are the one who invited Theresa into
this house and hired her to be your personal assistant.
Ivy: You're the one who kept pushing Ethan on her.
Julian: I merely suggested he have a romp with the help. I never meant
for him to marry the wench. No, you planted that little nugget with your
"marry for true love" speech.
Rebecca: Julian's right again. If you hadn't given Theresa your
approval, then Ethan never would have chosen her over Gwen.
Julian: Why are we even discussing this? Ethan isn't even my son. No
matter how hot and deliciously desirable she may be.
Rebecca: Hello! Future wife in the house? Once you Are out of here will
be just as happy as we were. And you -- I don't care if you have Theresa
or not after what she did to Ethan.
Julian: The subject of Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald is closed as I am off
to Bermuda to file our final divorce decree.
Ivy: You know, Julian, I am not going to let you get away with this.
Julian: Let me remind you that this is all your fault -- that you lied
to me for over 20 years, telling me from the first breath he took that
Ethan was my son. You lied to my father, you lied to our other children,
to Gwen. Even to your true love, Sam Bennett. Lies! Damn you for your
lies. You shattered the one comfort I had. That was the truth that I was
Ethan's father, and he was the best son a man could have. So as far as I'm
concerned, you deserve every rotten thing you're going to get.

Theresa: I don't want to see Ethan right now.
Ethan: Whitney? Hey, who are you talking to in there? It sounds like
Theresa.
Whitney: I have to let them in, Theresa.
Theresa: No, you can't.
Whitney: I'm sorry, Theresa, it's best for you. I have to.
Ethan: Is Theresa in there?
Whitney: Ethan, I was just on the phone.
Ethan: Look, I'm sorry, Whitney. I thought I heard Theresa. I guess I'm
just so desperate to talk to her to tell her how much I love her. You
know, I guess I -- I just wanted to see her so bad that I just imagined
that I heard her.
Chad: Hey, look, come on, man, why don't we go take that walk, all
right?
Ethan: Yeah.
Chad: Hey, Whitney, I'm going to go back to my room and get my wallet
and then we'll swing back by here and pick you up, ok?
Whitney: Ok, I'll be ready.
Chad: All right.
Whitney: Ok.
Theresa: That was close.
Whitney: I still think you should've just talked to the man.
Theresa: I will, Whitney, after I make things right. Now remember, you
promise not to let anyone know that you've seen me?
Whitney: I won't.
Theresa: Than. I'm going to go out the back way.
Whitney: Ok. Well, I'd better put this wedding dress somewhere nobody's
going to find it.
Ethan: That's Theresa's dress. She was here?

Julian: Yes, this is all your fault, Ivy. You have no one to blame but
yourself. You have no one to turn to. Ethan's gone. In a few hours, I'll
be rid of you. Even your true love, Sam Bennett, is reconciled with little
mousy Grace. You've lost everything, even your heart's desire of a future
with Ethan's father. Oh, what can I say? All's well that ends well.
Maid: I'm sorry to interrupt, Mr. Crane. Your car is ready to take you
to the airport. And I'm told the Crane jet is fueled and awaiting your
arrival.
Julian: Ah, merci.
Julian: When I come back from Bermuda, I want you and the misery you've
caused me lo these many years out of this mansion for good.

Eve: I'm sorry. David passed the lie-detector test with flying colors
just like he did the psychiatric exam.
Grace: Oh, my God. Then everything he said is true.
Sam: Not necessarily.
Grace: What?
Sam: A lie-detector test monitors fluctuations in heart rate, breathing
rates, physical changes that come from emotions. Some people are able to
control their emotions so well, they can fool a lie-detector. Isn't that
right, eve?
Eve: Yes. But it's rare.
Grace: So he could be my husband.
Sam: No. He can't. You're my wife.
Eve: Sam, I know that this is not what you want to hear, but the man
has passed not only one but two tests that speak to the heart of his
credibility. Now, you have to admit it's making it harder and harder to
doubt him.
Sam: Look, I don't give a damn how many tests he cheats his way
through. I don't believe a word he says. All right, this story about the
boat being sunk, all right, losing his personal papers, his marriage
license -- how convenient. Wait a second. A marriage license. That's it! I
know how we can prove that he's lying.

Tabitha: Those warlocks hold one hell of a grudge, Timmy. If I as much
as set foot on that island, I'm finished, and you will be, too, because
you're my creation.
Timmy: Just because the boat's heading to warlock island doesn't mean
Timmy and tabby have to go there.
Tabitha: What are you babbling about?
Timmy: Well, when the boat gets to warlock island, we'll just stay on
the boat and not go ashore and then head back to Harmony. Problem solved.
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy, you're a genius! Why didn't I think of that?
Timmy: You would have, tabby, if you weren't so afraid of the warlock
island.
Tabitha: That's right. We'll wait till the boat docks. When the kids go
ashore, we'll go to the bridge, tell the captain we got on the wrong boat
and we want to ride back to Harmony with him.
Timmy: What about Norma?
Tabitha: Oh. We'll worry about her when we get home. Just be glad that
that old battle axe isn't here right at this moment. Come on, Tim Tim,
let's go.

Reese: Ahoy, captain! Passenger Reese Durkee with a request. [Captain
grunts]
Reese: We've been exploring your vessel, sir, and we'd like permission
to go below deck and see the engine room. [Captain grunts]
Reese: Aye, aye, captain, sir!
Norma: I love the sea. Fresh salt air, sound of the waves, and fishing
		to die for. Oh, Tabitha and Timmy don't know it yet -- they're my catch
		of the day.

Sam: Ok, Hastings. I'm going to give you one more chance to tell the
truth before I expose you for the lowlife scam artist that you are.
David: I'm sorry, chief Bennett, I have been telling the truth. And I
know the lie-detector test i just took will prove that. Right, dr.
Russell?
Eve: I can say that you've passed the test, Mr. Hastings. That's all I
can say.
David: Why won't you believe me? I'm Grace's husband. It's as simple as
that.
Sam: I won't believe you because my gut tells me that you're a liar.
Now, you claim that you and Grace were married in Hartford, right?
David: Yes, Hartford.
Sam: And you say that you lost your marriage license when your boat
sank?
David: That's true.
Sam: Ok, then. Well, how about if I just give the department of records
a call over in Hartford to see if they have a copy of your marriage
license?
David: I think that's a great idea.
Eve: You do?
David: Yes, I wish I'd thought of it myself.
Sam: He's bluffing, Grace. And once I prove that you're lying, I'm
going to throw the book at you for stalking, kidnapping, and any other
charges I can stick you with.

Luis: I guess the bellhop was right. This place looks nice and private.

Sheridan: I don't think anyone will disturb us.
Luis: Oh, yes. [Sheridan giggles]
Luis: Ooh.
Sheridan: Ah.
Sheridan: This is wonderful.
Luis: I know how to make it even better.
Sheridan: Really? How?

Julian: Hello, father?
Alistair: I'm busy, Julian. What is it?
Julian: I'll only take a moment of your time.
Alistair: What about the time you're wasting in Bermuda filing your
divorce papers when you should be forming a plan to kill Sheridan?
Julian: That's why I'm calling -- to tell you that i've come up with a
foolproof plan to kill Sheridan and maybe Luis.
Alistair: I'm listening.
Julian: What if I told you that Sheridan will die in what looks like an
accident and Luis will blame himself if he lives?
Alistair: I'd say interesting. No, no, no, amazing that your
brandy-soaked brain could possibly handle.
Julian: If I can't pull this off, you can strip me of my trust fund,
any possibility of ever being your heir. I won't make a peep.
Alistair: Well, Julian, you sound surprisingly confident.
Julian: I'm positive that my plan will result in Sheridan's death, and
if Luis survives, he'll torture himself for the rest of his life thinking
it was his fault.

Whitney: Ethan, I am so, so sorry.
Ethan: Whitney, why did you lie to me? Why didn't you tell me Theresa
was here?
Whitney: I'm sorry, Ethan, but Theresa begged me not to say anything to
you. I didn't even know she was here till I got home just now.
Ethan: Well, why didn't she want to talk to me?
Whitney: Trust me, She does want to talk to you, just not yet, that's
all.
Ethan: Why?
Whitney: I'm sorry, but I promised her that I wouldn't say anything to
you or anyone else.
Ethan: Well, can you at least tell me where she went? Wait. She
couldn't have gone far. Maybe I can catch her. Theresa!

Theresa: I have to convince Mr. Crane to take Ethan back into the
family.

Rebecca: Bye, pookie! Call me when you get to the hotel!
Rebecca: Ivy? Do you hear that? Oh, it's the clock ticking off your
hours as Mrs.. Crane. Once he's back here, he's going to marry me, and
then I will be Mrs.. Julian Crane and everything that goes with that name
will be mine. I will be the one sitting on the board of the world's most
famous charities and you will be the one sitting on the bench outside the
book cafe, begging strangers for spare change -- or doing God-knows-what
to get it. You see, as Julian comes back from Bermuda with your divorce
papers, he and I will be married.
Ivy: And no two people deserve each other more.
Rebecca: Oh, why, thank you, Ivy. And just to show you that there are
no hard feelings, if you really need the work, I can make sure that you
get a job working in the kitchen preparing the food for our gala wedding
party.

Theresa: Oh, Mr. Crane is going to Bermuda? Oh, then that's where I
have to go. No, wait a minute. Me alone with Mr. Crane in Bermuda? No, no,
what happened last time I was down there was just a mistake. I mean, the
hotel gave Mr. Crane the wrong key. He didn't know he got into bed with
me. I'll be fine. Everything is going to be fine once I talk to Julian.
It's the only way that I can save my relationship with Ethan. [Coughing]

Reese: It was really cool to see the engine room, wasn't it?
Kay: Yeah, Reese, fascinating.
Jessica: Well, I think so.
Reese: Really?
Jessica: Yeah.
Reese: Did you know that marine engines differ from car engines?
Miguel: Hey, you guys, I think we're almost to warlock island. We
should probably get our stuff together.
Simone: Whoo!
Charity: Hey.
Miguel: He
Charity: I just wanted to thank you for being so gentle with me. I know
i've been saying a lot of really crazy things lately --
Miguel: Y don't have to thank me.
Charity: No, listen, listen. It's so nice to know that you're always
right there beside me, supporting me when other people think I'm not so
normal.
Miguel: Charity, I'm always going to be beside you. I love you, and I
always will. And we're soul mates, remember? Together forever.
Charity: Together forever.
Kay: You better just enjoy your time now with him, Charity, because
legend says you will not make it off this island alive.

Tabitha: Ok, Tim Tim, time to find the bridge and speak to the captain.
Soon we'll be far, far away from warlock island. Good. There's the
captain. We'll tell him we accidentally got on the wrong boat and we
didn't mean to come to warlock island and we want to ride back to Harmony
with him. What could be simpler than that? Excuse me, sir, captain, might
we have a word with you, please.
Tabitha: Excuse me, captain. It seems we have a slight problem. We
boarded the wrong boat. Warlock island is actually the last place we
wanted to come to, so we'd like to ride back to Harmony with you, if
that's all right -- and I can't, for the life of me, think why it wouldn't
be.
Norma: Well, it isn't! [Tabitha and Timmy scream]
Norma: Stowaways!
Tabitha: Norma!
Norma: Do you know what we do with stowaways?
Timmy: Throw them overboard?
Norma: Yes! After I've chopped them into teeny, tiny pieces!

Simone: Yeah? I like it! Oo party! I'm hungry.
Miguel: You're always hungry.
Simone: Uh-huh.
Charity: What is it?
Miguel: I just haven't seen a smile on your face in a long time.
Charity: Well, you know what? Ever since we got to the island, I feel
like all my cares just went away.
Miguel: I'm glad. You know, maybe everyone was right. You just needed
to get away from Harmony for a while.
Charity: Yeah, I think so. I don't know why, but I feel like we're
going to have this incredible adventure here on this warlock island. Kay's
voice: Incredible for me because legend says I'll finally get Miguel while
you lose everything, Charity, even your life.
Ethan: I couldn't find Theresa.
Chad: Whitney, you see Ethan's hurting. Can't you just tell him where
Theresa ran off to?
Whitney: Look I don't like this, either. I tried to talk Theresa out
it, but she made me promise not to say anything.
Ethan: Look, I respect what you're doing, Whitney. It's just that I'm
worried. Theresa goes off doing things without thinking about the
consequences. I just hope she doesn't end up getting hurt, physically or
emotionally.

Theresa: Hi, I'm Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald. I called on the way here to
reserve a ticket for your next flight to Bermuda.
Agent: Here we are. Whenever I see a pretty young woman flying down to
the islands, I know she's going there to chase a dream.
Theresa: You're right. This trip will either be a dream come true or a
nightmare.
Agent: I hope things work out just the way you want them to.
Theresa: Thanks. I hope so, too.

Julian: Oh. What a delicious morsel of young womanhood you are. Like
ripening fruit, ready to be plucked and savored. Oh! Why am I fantasizing
about Theresa when I have the insatiable Rebecca waiting for me in
Harmony? Ahem. Focus, Julian. It's time to concentrate on the business at
hand -- finalizing my divorce, getting rid of Sheridan. I promised father
I'd do in my poor sister, perhaps her lawman lover. I must come through.
My future as heir to the Crane empire depends on it.

Luis: I don't think I realized how tense I was till i got out of
Harmony.
Sheridan: We both were.
Luis: I couldn't relax, couldn't let my guard down. I was constantly
worrying about Julian and Alistair and their threats to try and break and
us up. Now I don't have to worry about them or their threats.

Rebecca: Poor Ivy. You've lost everything -- Ethan, the Crane money,
the Crane mansion, the Crane power, and Sam.
Ivy: You know, Rebecca, I have just about had my fill of you.
Rebecca: Yes, Sam Bennett. Oh, your one true love. Now, how many times
and how many ways did you try to win him back? I lost count. But you still
lost him to Grace. No, they -- they held on to their marriage with all the
strength their unmanicured hands could muster, and I hear that the
Bennett's actually do believe that marriage is forever, and, see, that
means Sam is never going to leave Grace. Not now, not ever.
Ivy: I know, Rebecca. I've come to accept the fact that I will never
win Sam away from Grace.
Rebecca: Oh, good for you, Ivy. Because miracles just don't happen to
losers like you. They just don't.

Sam: Incoming fax from area code 860. That's Hartford. This is it,
Grace. We're about to have the proof from the department of records that
David Hastings has been lying all along.
Grace: I hope you're right, Sam. But please know whatever happens, I
love you.
Sam: Listen, there is nothing to worry about. You were never married to
David Hastings. I'd bet my life on it.
  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Wednesday 08/02/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
 Wednesday 8/1/01
  By Stephanie
		Proofread By
		ElissiaGwen: Hi.
Ethan: Hey, Gwen.
Gwen: You look upset. Are you all right?
Ethan: Well, let's see -- I just had my wedding canceled because a
tabloid came out with the news that my bride-to-be was the one who
betrayed me. Then I find out that she did lie to me, that she knew I
wasn't a Crane long before that tabloid came out with it. So, yeah, yeah,
I guess you could say I'm a little upset.
Gwen: Ethan, I am so sorry about everything that's happened.
Ethan: Yeah, well, so am I, you know, because now Theresa's gone, I
don't know where she is. She's not here to explain. She's not here to work
this out. So, yeah, sorry if I'm not in the mood for a little chitchat.
Gwen: Ethan, you don't have to take this out on me.
Ethan: Wait, Gwen -- I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap at you. It's not
your fault. I know you had nothing to do with this.

		Theresa: Oh, Ethan. I love you so much. That tabloid didn't get your
mother's letter telling Sam Bennett that you were his son from me. But it
did come from my computer. So I'm responsible for everything you lost --
your name, your fortune. Everything that was important in your life was
taken away from you because of me. If I can undo what I've caused to
happen by going to Bermuda and talking Julian into letting you back into
the Crane family, maybe you'll forgive me.
Julian: Theresa, you're one delectable dish.
Pilot: Mr. Crane?
Julian: Oh, captain. What's our E.T.A.?
Pilot: The weather conditions are perfect. We should be in Bermuda
right on schedule.
Julian: Excellent.
Pilot: What an incredibly beautiful woman.
Julian: Yes, she is.
Julian: She certainly is. Oh, I wouldn't mind a night of passion with
this hot tamale. Oh, stop it, Julian. I must stay focused. I must make
sure that Sheridan is killed. With any luck, Luis, too. I promised father
I'd take care of it, and I must. I can't rest until my poor sister's dead.


		Sheridan: This is so wonderful.
Luis: This is definitely up there on my ways to spend time.
Sheridan: I'm having such a good time. I feel like we're really on our
honeymoon.
Luis: Yeah. I'm sorry we couldn't go through with the wedding, honey.
Sheridan: It was our decision. And with everything Ethan and Theresa
were going through -- I don't want us to have any regrets, though. I want
us to have the most wonderful, romantic, perfect time together.
Luis: Perfect. It is perfect. Out here away from Harmony. So peaceful.
I don't have to worry about Julian and Alistair and their threats to try
and break us up. Heck, we don't have to worry about anything.
		Rebecca: Face it, Ivy, your days as queen of the hill are over. Julian
is on his way to Bermuda to divorce you.
Ivy: You know, Rebecca, do you honestly think that i care about being
Julian's wife? He is a pathetic excuse of a man, and you deserve him.
Rebecca: I don't think you care about Julian, but I know that you care
about the Crane power, the money, and the mansion. And you are about to
lose it all.
Ivy: Well, if I were you, Rebecca -- and thank God I'm not -- I
wouldn't move your cheap, trashy clothes in here quite so quickly. I've
been Mrs.. Crane for over 20 years, and I am still the only Mrs.. Crane.
Rebecca: Well, and you'll enjoy it while you still can. Because I
cannot wait for Julian to get back here so he can throw you out on the
street on -- well, on your not inconsiderable derriere.
Ivy: Oh. Don't think that Julian is going to get rid of me quite so
quickly, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Oh? Well, what are you going to do, chain yourself to the
front door? No, you're going to be thrown out on the street with nothing
and nobody. Not even your precious Sam will want you then.
Ivy: Ok, just leave Sam out of this, all right?
Rebecca: Oh, he's already out of it. You see, Sam is married to Grace,
and he is never going to leave her. And nothing could tear that couple
apart.
		Sam: It's from the public records department in Hartford. One page to
follow.
Eve: Well, if David's telling the truth, then it'll be a copy of his
and Grace's marriage license.
Sam: Or it could tell us that there's nothing on file. Now, I refuse to
believe that you were ever involved with this character, Grace. He's a con
artist.
Grace: Well, what if there is a marriage license? I mean, I don't
remember anything about my life before i met you. What if he's telling the
truth?
Eve: I mean, he did pass a lie detector test and a psychological test.
Sam: That doesn't prove anything.
Eve: No, you're right. The tests aren't 100% conclusive.
Sam: Grace, I just refuse to believe that you were ever married to this
man.
Eve: Well, we'll know for sure in a minute.
Grace: Please, Sam, whatever happens, just know that i love you. I only
love you. Singer: Breathe in breathe out you keep me alive you are my
passion for life
Grace: Aren't you going to look at it?
Eve: What's wrong?
Sam: Nothing. I want David to be here when we look at this paper.
Grace: You know what, Sam? I don't think that's a good idea.
Sam: I do. I want him to be here when we confront him with the truth. I
want him to know that we called his bluff and proved that he is nothing
but a liar.
Eve: Sam -- Sam, what if you're wrong? What if that's the marriage
license that proves he was married to Grace?
Sam: I'm not wrong, eve. I'm going to have one of the officers bring
him out.
David: You're my wife, Grace, and I'm going to prove it. Sam is going
to see that I am telling the truth. You're my wife, not his.

		Sheridan: I love you so much.
Luis: I love you, too. You know, when we go back to Harmony, I want to
go through with the wedding.
Sheridan: I can't wait to marry you.
Luis: And I hope Ethan and Theresa can work out their problems, but if
they don't, I still want to do it.
Sheridan: Me, too. You know, I still can't get over how eager Julian
was to see us get married.
Luis: Yeah. That was quite a turnaround. I still can't figure out that
guy's angle, you know? It's the same guy who was dead set against us
getting married, would do anything in his power to break us up, even
hiring a guy to wear a mask to impersonate me to make you think I was
cheating on you.
Sheridan: I still can't believe he would go so far.
Luis: Yeah. Your father was in on it, too. But anyway, you know, all of
a sudden Julian wants us to get married? Why? And why now?
Sheridan: I don't know. All I know is that Julian seemed genuinely
disappointed that we didn't get married.
Luis: Yeah.
Sheridan: I mean, he really wanted to see that wedding ring on my
finger.

		Julian: If only Luis and Sheridan had gone through with the wedding,
she'd have put that poisoned ring on her finger and all this would be done
and over. She'd be dead, and I wouldn't have to kill her myself.
Alistair: You're not trying to weasel out of doing what you have to do,
are you, Julian?
Julian: No, of course not. I know I have no choice. I just -- I hate
the idea of killing my own sister.
Alistair: I thought you said you had a plan, that you wouldn't actually
be committing the murder yourself.
Julian: Please. Do we have to use the m word?
Alistair: Call it whatever the hell you want, just make sure it
happens.
Julian: It will happen -- on the island, where I'll have no trouble
bribing the police. My plan will make Sheridan's death look like an
accident, and Luis will blame himself if he survives.
Alistair: If he survives?
Julian: Well, I can't be certain that he'll die, but if he survives,
he'll blame himself for Sheridan's death. His life will be ruined. He'll
spend the rest of his days in despair, and he'll forget all about snooping
into his father's disappearance.
Alistair: Well, now is the perfect time. They're at the resort totally
relaxed, and their guard is down.
Julian: Where exactly are you, father?
Alistair: Don't ask.
Julian: I don't think I have to ask. I think I know where you are.

		 [Theresa Daydream]Ethan: So why did you ask me to come here, Theresa? You know I don't
belong here. I'm not a Crane.
Theresa: I have wonderful news, Ethan. I talked to Julian about you.
Ethan: You talked to Julian about me?
Theresa: I helped him realize how much he loves you, Ethan. He raised
you as his son, and he still loves you. He still misses you.
Ethan: He does?
Julian: Yes, he does. Theresa's right. She's opened my eyes to the
truth. I raised you as my son. It's hard to think of you as anything but
my son.
Ethan: But Sam Bennett's the man who fathered me.
Julian: Well, I don't care who your biological father is. I still think
of you as my son in my heart. Come back to the family, Ethan. I want you
to be my son again. I want you to be a Crane again. I've missed you,
Ethan.
Ethan: I've missed you, too, father.
Ethan: Thank you, Theresa. I mean, I can't believe you'd do this for
me. Thank you.

Theresa: I know Whitney thinks that I'm nuts to try to convince Julian
to let Ethan back into the Crane family. She says it's a crazy fantasy.
But it's the only fantasy I have left.

		Ethan: I'm sorry, Gwen. I know this isn't your fault. It's just I --
I've got a lot on my mind.
Gwen: I know you do.
Ethan: It's just -- I wish that Theresa was here so we could talk about
this. You know, I love her, and I want to work this out.
Gwen: You said that she had left. You know where she went?
Ethan: No. I don't have a clue.
Gwen: Look, Ethan, I -- I know that I may sound like the jilted fiancée
here, but I'm really just being honest with you. I don't think you know
the real Theresa. She's been deceiving you all along.
Ethan: Look, I don't believe that. Look, she is an innocent. She
doesn't have it in her to be deceptive. Gwen, I know she didn't send that
letter to the tabloid.
Gwen: Ok, but think about it, Ethan. She knew that Sam was your father
all along and didn't tell you. And even after it came out in the tabloid,
she still didn't tell you that she had this information.
Ethan: I know, but I'm sure she has an explanation.
Gwen: Which you deserve to hear. Why did she scan Ivy's letter onto her
computer? If she wasn't going to send it to the tabloid, what was she
going to do with it?
Ethan: That's what I'm trying to figure out.

		Ivy: You know, you are going to regret this, Rebecca, because I can
ruin you. I can make one phone call, and the society pages are going to be
screaming about the way you tried to claw your way into the Crane empire
and laughing about the way you failed.
Rebecca: Ha. You are the one they will laugh at when they hear how you
were tossed out onto the street like yesterday's garbage. No, face facts,
Ivy. I am going to be the next Mrs.. Julian Crane, and everything that
goes with it will be mine.
Ivy: You know, Rebecca, with the exception of your looks, you haven't
changed since our sorority days, have you? You're still a conniving slut.
Rebecca: Tsk, Tsk. My, such language from a former pillar of society.
Ivy: I remember how you stole Jonathan Hotchkiss away from Larissa
without a second thought, and now you're doing the same thing with my
husband. Well, you can have Julian. He's a philandering idiot anyway. But
you will not take my place in society or here in the mansion.
Rebecca: Well. I will take your place in society and in the mansion.
And if I were you, you know, I would stop all this silly false bravado and
do something constructive with my time. Like pack.
Ivy: You are such a bitch!
Rebecca: And you are such a fool, Ivy. This is all your own doing. You
are going to end up with nothing. You have lost it all.

		Grace: You know, I want more than anything to believe that David is
lying, but --
Eve: But?
Grace: You know, I've always worried that something like this would
happen. I mean, not that I have a second husband but just that something
would come back from my past.
Eve: Sweetie, it's totally understandable for someone with amnesia. You
wouldn't be normal if you didn't wonder about the first half of your life.

Grace: I try not to dwell on it. I mean, my life with Sam has been so
wonderful. But I know that I have had another whole life, that whoever i
was before is lurking out there somewhere. And I have always been just
secretly afraid that something would come from my past, something that
would upset my life with Sam. And what if this is it? What if David is the
thing from my past that I was always afraid would come back?

		Theresa: Thank you.
Woman: That's an incredibly beautiful ring.
Theresa: Thanks.
Woman: You're engaged. How wonderful. I remember when I was first
engaged. It's such a wonderful time. Are you flying to the islands to get
married?
Theresa: No. My wedding was yesterday.
Woman: But where is your husband?
Theresa: Something terrible happened during the ceremony, and it was
canceled.
Woman: Oh, I'm so sorry. How awful for you.
Theresa: I've lost the only man I'll ever love, the man i have loved my
whole life. And unless I can work a miracle, I'm afraid I'm going to lose
him forever.

		Ethan: Mother, what are you doing out here?
Ivy: Oh. Ethan, hi. Well, it was the only place i could think to get
some rest. Rebecca seems to have taken over the rest of the house.
Ethan: Rebecca has no right to take your house.
Ivy: Well, she seems to think she does. Probably soon she will.
Julian's gone to Bermuda to divorce me.
Ethan: Oh. Sorry.
Ivy: Well, losing Julian is no great loss. But it just -- it galls me
to think that unless he comes to his senses, he might actually come back
and marry Rebecca.
Ethan: I know how that must make you feel.
Ivy: No, she can have him. It's just picturing Rebecca in my home, you
know? Lording it over me that she's queen of the manor just to drive me
crazy.
Ethan: And I'm sorry. I know what you stand to lose.
Ivy: I don't know how this is going to turn out, Ethan. But whatever
happens in Bermuda is going to be a huge impact over the rest of my life.
Ethan: Well, mother, whatever impacts your life impacts my life, too.
Ivy: Thank you. You know, you are -- you're a wonderful son, and you
are a wonderful young man. You're so much like your father.
Ethan: You still love him, don't you? Even though you know you can't be
with him because he's committed to his marriage, you still love him.
		Sam: Hey. I know you're afraid. I know you had a life before you met
me. It has to be very frightening to not remember. It's a very real
possibility that something could come out of the past, but nothing has,
and it's been over 20 years.
Grace: Nothing has until now.
Sam: No. David Hastings is lying. He was never married to you. Now, I
don't know what his game is, but you were never married to him.
Grace: What makes you so sure of that?
Sam: Even if you have amnesia, if you'd been married to David, you'd
still have a memory of a bond, of a commitment, devotion to your husband.
And you don't have any such memory, do you?
Grace: No, you're right. And I would like to think that if I loved
somebody enough to marry them that I would remember them.
Sam: So you see what I'm saying? It's not possible that you were ever
married to David. He's a liar.
David: Well, I guess we're about to find out, aren't we?

		Alistair: I'm keeping an eye on Sheridan and Luis, and you should have
a very easy time of it. They're completely off guard.
Julian: Good. That will make things easier. We should be landing
shortly. I should be at the resort within the hour. How will I find you?
Alistair: Don't worry, I'll find you.
Julian: Well, I'm quite sure this trip will be a success. Did I also
tell you that I'm divorcing Ivy while I'm down here?
Alistair: You know I know everything, Julian.
Julian: Yes, which makes this trip doubly important. I'm killing two
birds with one stone, so to speak. I'll be rid of Ivy, and the threat of
having our secret about having Martin Fitzgerald exposed will be gone for
good. And my poor sister will be dead.

  Luis: Let's not talk about Julian or Alistair for the rest of the trip,
all right? Let's just enjoy our time together.
Sheridan: I'm all for that.
Luis: Good. Because I have an evening of romance planned for us.
Sheridan: Really? What do you have planned?
Luis: A surprise. But it's starting right now.

		Alistair: Enjoy your night together because it's going to be
		your last.

		Luis: Sweetheart, this is paradise. Sheridan: It is. But then again,
anywhere I'm with you is paradise.
Luis: Aw. You know, I never thought i could be this happy. Sheridan,
you all right?
Sheridan: I was just thinking about Ethan and Theresa.
Luis: Oh.
Sheridan: They should be on their honeymoon right now, enjoying each
other the way we are.
Luis: I know. It's hard not to think about them when we're so happy. I
feel so bad for them.
Sheridan: I still can't believe the way everything fell apart.
Luis: Yeah. Well, maybe they'll work things out by the time we get back
and then we can have the double wedding after all.
Sheridan: I hope so because I know how much they love each other.
Luis: Yeah. Well, you know Theresa -- big dreamer, romantic, and, well,
she is always saying that fate's on her side. So maybe fate will bring
Ethan and Theresa back together.
Sheridan: I hope it does. I hope that what's happened doesn't tear them
apart.

		Rebecca: Gwenny, I am so glad you're here. We have so much to
celebrate.
Gwen: Oh, we do?
Rebecca: Yes. Julian is on his way down to Bermuda to divorce Ivy. And
then he and I will get married right away. We got rid of Theresa, so now
Ethan is free to go back where he belongs -- to you.
Gwen: No, Ethan's not free, mother. He still loves Theresa.
Rebecca: Oh, piddle. He'll get over that silly infatuation.
Gwen: No, mother, he won't. You know, you said once we set Theresa up
and made it look like she sent Ivy's letter to the tabloid that he would
hate her. Well, I just talked to him, and he's still in love with her. He
believes in her, and he's upset that she's gone.
Rebecca: He still loves her?
Gwen: Yes. And he's upset that she's not here to work things out with
him.
Rebecca: But she's not here, right?
Gwen: Right.
Rebecca: Oh, well, that is a huge mistake on her part. She ran off
instead of trying to work things out with Ethan. Oh, believe me, Ethan and
Theresa are finished.

		Woman: I can't believe you had to cancel your wedding over a
misunderstanding. That's heartbreaking.
Theresa: I know, it is heartbreaking. But even if it was a
misunderstanding, it's still all my fault.
Woman: How is it all your fault?
Theresa: Because I scanned the letter to my computer in the first
place. So many people were hurt because of it.
Woman: Why did you scan the letter?
Theresa: I was upset. I thought that Ethan was going to marry Gwen. And
I knew that if Gwen found out that Ethan wasn't a Crane, that he didn't
have all that money, that she would drop him. I love Ethan for who he is,
not what he has. The letter to make Gwen show her true colors. But I never
did. In fact, I deleted the whole file from my computer.
Woman: Then how did the story get into the tabloid?
Theresa: I don't know. I mean, I guess they found the letter before I
deleted it. But whoever sent it wouldn't have been able to if they didn't
find it on my computer. So it's all my fault that everyone found out that
Ethan wasn't Julian Crane's son. Ethan's life was destroyed. And that's
why I am going to Bermuda -- to see Ethan's father. I mean, Julian Crane,
who raised Ethan as his son. I'm going to find him and convince him to
take Ethan back into the family.
Woman: Do you really think this man will take his son back? From
everything you've told me, it doesn't sound as if he's a very loving
person.
Theresa: Well, he has to. I mean, it's the only way I can make amends
with Ethan. Otherwise, he'll never realize how much I really do love him.
He'll never forgive me for what I've done.

		David: So, did you get the information from Hartford? A copy of my and
Grace's marriage license?
Sam: We haven't looked at the fax yet. I wanted you to be here.
David: How very thoughtful.
Sam: I wanted to see that look on your face when we look at the
absolute proof that you've been lying.
David: Well, let's not keep us any more in suspense. Why don't you just
look at the fax.
Grace: Wait, Sam. Before you look at that fax, I want you to know how
much i love you. You and the children mean everything to me. You are my
life.
Eve: Look at them, Mr.. Hastings. They're such good people. And they're
so much in love. They have a wonderful marriage. So if this is some kind
of game or some kind of con, please don't do it.
David: We're wasting time, dr. Russell. The proof of my marriage lies
there in the fax machine. Grace is my wife.

		Man: Nice to have you back with us, Mr.. Crane.
Julian: Yes, quite, quite. Any messages for me?
Man: No, sir. Are you expecting someone?
Julian: Yes, mm-hmm. But I'm sure he'll find me. Unfortunately. Maybe
I'll stop at the bar in the meantime.
Alistair: Perhaps that drink can wait.
Julian: Father?
Alistair: Thank you, my dear. You can go on up to our room, order
whatever you like. I'll be there shortly.
Woman: All right. Bye, now.
Julian: Ahem. You had that girl lead me to you?
Alistair: I knew you'd follow little Julian's lead.
Julian: You could have just left a note at the desk.
Alistair: I don't want to risk being seen by Sheridan or Luis. Now,
forget about the girl. I want you to stay focused on your mission.
Julian: Don't worry, father. I know exactly why I'm here. My plan to
kill Sheridan will work perfectly.
		[Music plays]
maitre d': Is everything satisfactory, sir?
Luis: Well, I think everything looks just wonderful. Thank you.
Sheridan: This is perfect.
Luis: To us. To our life and our love.
Woman: Look, darling. They must be on their honeymoon.
Man: Oh, looks that way to me. Congratulations.
Luis: Oh, thank you.
Sheridan: Yes, thank you.
Luis: I didn't want to disappoint them. Besides, this is supposed to be
our honeymoon, and, well, I'm going to make it more romantic than any
honeymoon ever was.
Sheridan: It already is.
Luis: Nothing's going to stop me from marrying you.

		Ethan: Am I right, mother? You're still in love with Sam in spite of
everything?
Ivy: Ethan, you know, there's really no point in discussing it.
Ethan: No, it's all right. Look, I understand. That's how I feel about
Theresa. But she took off, and now i don't know where she is.
Ivy: Ethan, she ruined your life. She is responsible for every horrible
thing that happened to you and to me.
Ethan: No. I don't believe that she sent your letter to the tabloid.
Ivy: Well, Ethan, it didn't just magically fly off of her computer, did
it? Please, just forget about Theresa. You are going to meet a girl that
you can really love and trust.
Ethan: I know you hate Theresa, but she's going to be my wife.
Ivy: Ethan, how can you want to marry a girl like that? I mean, she
ruined your life.
Ethan: Look, I told you she didn't ruin my life. And I love her.
Ivy: All right, be sensible, Ethan. Has she explained to you why my
personal, private papers were on her computer?
Ethan: No, she hasn't, but I'm sure she can explain it. Look, she's not
what you think.
Ivy: All right. Ok, look. I don't want to fight with you, especially
about Theresa. Ok, we've just both -- both been through too much.
Ethan: Yes, we have.
Ivy: Oh, boy. Love has been a disappointment for both of us, hasn't it?
And here you thought you'd be married and on your honeymoon. I thought
that when Sam found out that you were really his son, he'd come back and
we'd be a family. But here we are -- just the two of us, without the
people we love.

		Sam: Everything is going to be fine. I won't let anything or anyone
hurt you, not ever again.
Grace: I'm just scared, Sam. I'm just so scared.
Sam: Do you see what you're doing to her? Look at the hell you're
putting my wife through with your lies.
David: I'm doing what I have to do. After all these years, I've finally
found my wife. And I'm not going to lose her now. I still love you, Grace.
You're my wife.
Sam: All right. Let's get this circus over with.
		Gwen: I wish I had your optimism, mother, but I'm beginning to think
that Ethan really does love Theresa. I don't think this is going to break
them up. I think he's going to forgive her.
Rebecca: Well, that is possible, of course. But girls like Theresa are
their own worst enemy. She is going to do something. She's going to make
some wrong decision, some wrong choice that will permanently wreck her
relationship with Ethan.
Gwen: I don't think so.
Rebecca: Gwen, trust me. Theresa will do something to destroy Ethan's
love for her. You can count on it.

		Theresa: Hello. Could you please tell me if Julian Crane has checked
in?
Man: Yes, he has. Would you like me to put you through?
Theresa: No. No, I'm at the airport, but I will be there soon. You have
my reservation -- Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald?
Man: Lopez Fitzgerald -- yes. Madam, your reservation is confirmed.
Theresa: Great. Ok. I will talk to Julian Crane when I get there. Thank
you. This is your last hope, Theresa. If you want any chance at a life
with Ethan, you're going to have to work magic on Julian.
		[Music plays]
Sheridan: Star light, star bright, first star I see tonight --
Luis: What did you wish for? Tell me. I'll make it happen.
Sheridan: Oh, it wasn't for myself. I have everything I could ever
want. I just wish Ethan and Theresa could be happy again.
Luis: Well, that's up to them -- and fate.
Sheridan: I just wish everyone could be as happy as I am. I love you so
much.
Luis: I've waited my whole life for you.

		Julian: Oh, look at them, father. They're so in love.
Alistair: Good. They'll die happy. And I want no mistakes this time.
Take care of it.
Julian: I promise you it'll be taken care of. Luis and Sheridan won't
leave this island together. She'll be dead. With any luck, so will he.

		Eve: It says there's no record of any marriage between David and Grace,
right, Sam? It's not true.
David: It is. Tell them, Sam.
Grace: What does it say, Sam? Tell me. Is David my husband? Am I
married to him?
 Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;&nbsp;




















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Thursday 08/02/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
Passions Update Thursday August 2/01
  By Stephanie


		Proofread By
		Elissa

 Tabitha: Oh, no! [Timmy cries]
Norma: Fooled you, didn't i? I'm the captain of this here vessel, and I
say off with your heads!
Tabitha: Oh, don't look, Timmy! Don't look!
Norma: See, father? I told you i wouldn't let you down. [As father]
there's my little buttercup. Off with their heads!
Timmy: Timmy will see his princess in the afterlife, he hopes! [Timmy
cries]

Reese: You know, I wonder if we'll hear any warlocks screaming in the
night while we're here.
Jessica: Reese.
Reese: Hey, don't blame me. Your dad's the one that told us the story
about how warlock island got its name, how a coven of warlocks came here
to organize the destruction of all good in the world, starting with
Harmony, and how one young witch messed everything up by bringing them the
wrong scepters and blew them off the island before they could even get
started on their reign of havoc. But it's said that to this day, sometimes
at night, you can still hear their screams and moans. I wonder if we'll be
that lucky.
Simone: Gee, I can't wait.
Jessica: Come on, Reese. We're here to chill out, you know, not to be
freaked out by old legends. You know, and I for one, if i hear one real
noise, I'm out of here.
Reese: Whoo!
Miguel: Don't listen to him, jess. All right, you know how Reese is. He
keeps his V.C.R. Permanently tuned to the psychic network.
Kay: He means psycho.
Miguel: You know, if you ask me, I think Reese has ulterior motives
here. I think he figures if he gets Kay scared enough, she'll leave her
tent and jump right into his sleeping bag. [Simone giggles]
Kay: Wrong sleeping bag, Miguel. I'm going to be jumping into yours.
[Music plays]
Sheridan: You think I could have one more wish?
Luis: Oh, why not. I'm feeling generous tonight.
Sheridan: Ok.
Luis: Ok.
Sheridan: I wish I could capture the way I feel right this second and
keep it alive for the rest of my life.
Luis: Sweetheart, you just wasted a wish. It's going to be like this
forever.
Sheridan: Is it true, Luis? I mean, do we really get to stay this
happy?
Luis: Sheridan, you can and you will. Our lives are going to be like
this forever.

Alistair: Sell a hundred thousand shares to the pharmaceuticals and put
double that into the doughnut stock. I'm not interested in your expert
opinion, damn it. You're my broker. Do as I say. I'll call you back. How
did I ever get such a sissy for a son? Be a man, Julian.
Julian: Beg your pardon, father.
Alistair: Well, you're pacing so much you'll wear a hole in that
carpet. If you're not up to the task at hand, tell me now.
Julian: I said I'd take care of it, and i will. Sheridan will die in a
boating explosion. If Luis survives -- and I doubt he will -- he'll blame
himself for her death and wither away from a broken heart. I have it all
worked out.
Alistair: You'd better. Because if your sister doesn't end up dead, you
will.

Theresa: I have got to convince Julian to reinstate Ethan as his son.
It's my only hope of making up for what I did to him.
Clerk: Welcome to the resort. May I help you?
Theresa: Yes, please. My name is Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald, and I have a
reservation.
Clerk: Very well. I'll have the bellhop fetch the rest of your bags
from outside.
Theresa: Oh, no, that's ok. I only brought this. I'm only staying one
night.
Clerk: I see. You must be the one who asked about Mr. Julian crane on
the phone. Would you like me to call his room and tell him you've arrived?

Theresa: Oh, no. That's ok. I thought it might be better if I surprised
him.

Grace: What does the fax say, Sam?
David: I can tell you what it says without even looking at it. It says
David Hastings and Grace Standish were legally married by an ordained
priest in the st. Anastasia church in Hartford, Connecticut, over 20 years
ago.
Eve: Sam, say something.
Grace: Oh, my God, it's true.
David: That's what I've been telling you all along, sweetheart. You're
my wife.
Grace: It -- it can't be.
David: Your real name is Hastings, not Bennett. We were married on a
beautiful spring day in a church that we attended every Sunday. You looked
so beautiful in a simple white dress that you picked up a few weeks
before. Our friend Jack was our witness -- my best man. He tied all these
tin cans to the back of our beat-up old car, and we had a devil of a time
getting it off on our way to the cape. You were so mad at him. Do you
remember, Grace? Is it coming back to you?
Simone: Stop it, Kay.
Kay: Stop what?
Simone: I know what you're thinking, and you can forget it. That story
that Reese told you about the two cousins in love with the Same guy? It
was a legend, not a glimpse into your future.
Kay: The cousin that had the psychic powers was tragically killed when
she was on the island.
Simone: Charity is not going to die on this trip, Kay.
Kay: Well, we'll just see about that, won't we, Simone?
[Timmy and
Tabitha scream]
Norma: Agh! Damn you!
Timmy: Good one, princess! [Norma groans]
Timmy: That was too close for Timmy's comfort.
Tabitha: Come on, Timmy! We got to get out of here. [Norma groans and
screams]
Timmy: A left! No, a right! Double back and trick her! [Timmy and
Tabitha scream]
Timmy: Oh!
Norma: Oh, you've got that right, small fry! And you're about to become
even smaller.
Timmy: Uh --
Norma: Oh, what's that you say?
Timmy: Timmy didn't say anything. Did you, princess?
Norma: Speak up, father. I can't hear you. [As father] I said chop them
into pieces and feed them to the fish! [Normal voice] oh, no sooner said
than done, daddy.
Timmy: Ah! Good-bye, sweet princess! Good-bye, princess. Good-bye,
princess.
Tabitha: Hey, hey, hey, wake up, lad, wake up! Whatever are you
dreaming about?
Timmy: Is this heaven? Is Timmy in heaven with his princess?
Tabitha: Oh, good grief, no. We're alive, if not that well. And let me
tell you, if we were in the afterlife, we would not be in heaven.
Timmy: Timmy almost forgot he was an apprentice to a witch. But if
Timmy and tabby are alive, where's Norma?
Tabitha: Breathing down our necks on deck last time i looked. Any luck,
she's still on the boat. I wouldn't put anything past that one.
Timmy: Timmy had the most horrible dream. Norma was about to chop
Timmy's head off, and --
Tabitha: As one who's had her head chopped off in the past, i can tell
you it wasn't fun.
Timmy: That was an accident. Timmy apologized.
Tabitha: Yes, well, never mind. Now we just have to keep that big old
Norma from finding us.
Timmy: Maybe she went home.
Tabitha: No, no. Even if she wanted to, daddy wouldn't let her. And he
told her to kill us. And she has a thing about letting daddy down. Freud
would have a field day with that one.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't know who Freud is, but Timmy thinks Norma
definitely has problems.
Tabitha: And so do we with her after us. She's determined not to go
home without our heads in that bag of hers along with daddy's. Come on.
Let's go.
Norma: Don't worry, father. They won't get away from me again. [As
father] I should hope not, Norma. I'd be very, very disappointed in you if
you were to let me down. I might not never speak to you again. [Normal
voice] oh! Oh! [Norma cries]

[music plays]
Sheridan: Oh, I could dance in your arms like this all night.
Luis: Well, that's impossible because we've got to eat dinner and then
get ready for bed and get ready for our big day tomorrow.
Sheridan: Big day? Well, I thought we'd have breakfast, lunch, and
dinner in bed and put the "do not disturb" sign on the door.
Luis: Well, how about we do that the day after? No, seriously, i do
have plans for us tomorrow morning.
Sheridan: Really? What?
Luis: My lips are sealed.
Sheridan: Oh, come on. You cannot hold out on me.
Luis: No.
Sheridan: I can't stand the suspense. What are we going to do?
Luis: You know, I can't keep anything from you. All right. I chartered
a private boat for us tomorrow.
Sheridan: Really?
Luis: Yeah, yeah, I thought it'd be fun to pack a picnic and do some
island-hopping and -- or we can swim and fish and maybe find a little
secluded cove where we can do some other activities.
Sheridan: Sounds heavenly. But a private boat for the whole day -- that
must be so expensive.
Luis: Oh, so what if it is? You're my bride-to-be. We're on our
pre-honeymoon honeymoon, and I want everything to be as magical as
possible. Heck, you only live once, right?
Sheridan: If life is this wonderful, then I don't mind at all.
Luis: Neither do I.

Julian: It's all under control, father.
Alistair: How often have you said that in the past and then proceeded
to royally bollix things up?
Julian: It won't happen this time. I've worked everything out to the
smallest detail. See, a while back, Sheridan mentioned that Luis fancied
himself quite the rod-and-reel man.
Alistair: Oh, a fisherman, eh? He must have inherited that from his
father.
Julian: Apparently, he's dreamed of owning his own sea craft for years,
which is why I took the liberty of placing a private boat charter brochure
in his and Sheridan's honeymoon suite.
Alistair: And?
Julian: Luis took the bait, so to speak, exactly as I knew he would.
He's reserved a small boat for tomorrow. He and Sheridan will be out at
sea all day by themselves.
Alistair: You just make sure the job is done this time. You've already
wasted enough time lollygagging about.
Julian: Doesn't it bother you at all, father, ordering the death of
your own daughter?
Alistair: Oh, grow up, Julian. How many times do I have to tell you
that as a Crane male this is just one of life's unpleasant but necessary
duties. I've more important things to concern myself with than Sheridan's
longevity. Which reminds me -- I told my broker I'd call him back. I'll
check in with you later, Julian.
Julian: That's right. Distance yourself so I'm the only one who gets
his hands dirty.
Alistair: I heard that, Julian.
Julian: Father, I didn't mean --
Alistair: Oh, yes, you did. And you're quite right. It is your neck if
we get caught, but you deserve the risk. If you'd done the job correctly
the first time, you wouldn't be in this boat. Get it? Boat. [Alistair
chuckles]
Alistair: I made a joke, son.
Julian: Yes, father.
Alistair: And one more thing. I'm well aware of your penchant for
drinking too much and grabbing at nubile young girls whenever the
opportunity presents itself. But not on this trip, Julian. I don't care if
the entire cheerleading squad from the local high school invites you to be
their mascot. You need to concentrate on the task at hand and keep little
Julian in his pants until you get home to Rebecca. Is that understood?
Julian: Yes, father.

Theresa: "Mr. Crane, if you could just welcome Ethan back into the
family, well, then, I think that he would forgive me and we could get
married the way we were supposed to." Ugh. No. No, that -- that -- should
I drop -- I should drop that part as myself. I mean, he'll think I'm being
selfish. All right. I'm going to figure out what I'm going to say to Mr.
Crane when I'm face to face with him. Ok.
Julian: Oh, Theresa, Theresa. [Theresa screams]
Theresa: And Mr. Crane claimed that it was a case of the wrong room
key. But -- well, maybe I shouldn't go to his room by myself. Ok. Yes. I
was wondering if Mr. Crane has gone downstairs. Reservations for dinner in
the dining room? Thank you very much. Ok. That's it. I will approach him
in public. I mean, that way nothing can happen. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Dinner downstairs is fancy, and I don't have anything to wear.
Grace: Oh, my God.
David: It is, isn't it? You're starting to remember.
Sam: Don't put words in her mouth, Hastings. How can it come back to
her when it never happened?
David: What are you talking about? You have mine and Grace's marriage
license. What more proof do you need?
Sam: A hell of a lot more than a fax. Look, I don't know how you rigged
this to make it look real, but it can't possibly be true.
David: What you say, doctor? He made you run a psychological profile on
me to prove that i was crazy. The test results showed i wasn't. But that
wasn't enough. So he forced a lie detector test upon me, which i passed
with flying colors. Now he has my marriage certificate sent to him by the
public records department from the state of Connecticut, which confirms
everything that I've said. What is your considered opinion, doctor?
Eve: Grace?
Grace: Sam, do you remember just after we got married how desperately i
wanted to find out about my past?
Sam: Yeah. We did everything.
Grace: And when we came up empty, i had to accept that my past was gone
forever, and it was excruciating at first. But as time went by and you and
I built a beautiful life and family together, it was all just so
unimportant. I almost stopped wanting to know because we were so happy.
What do we do now?

Theresa: Ok. This is pretty. And it's my size. Ooh. Oh, this is just
too low cut.
Sales Clerk: May I help you?
Theresa: I was just looking for something to wear to dinner tonight.
Sales Clerk: I remember you. Weren't you here just about a year ago
with a very handsome young man?
Theresa: Wow. You have an amazing memory.
Sales Clerk: You must be on your honeymoon. I had the feeling you two
were more than friends.
Theresa: Oh, well, you are right about that, but, no, we're not
married. Well, at least not yet. I mean, he's not even down here with me.
Sales Clerk: I'm sorry.
Theresa: I flew down here by myself to talk to someone else. Now,
depending on how that goes, well, I hope Ethan and I -- that's the man
that you saw with me last year -- I hope we'll be married by the end of
this week.
Sales Clerk: Then we'd better find you just the right dress for your
talk.
Theresa: Ok.
Sales Clerk: What were you looking for?
Theresa: Something conservative, simple. These are all -- these look a
little risqué.
Sales Clerk: There's a reason for that. We cater to a lot of
honeymooners here.
Theresa: I know. I just don't think these type of dresses would be
appropriate for the person that I'm going to have dinner with tonight.
Sales Clerk: Oh, don't be silly. Whoever it is, they won't be able to
keep their eyes off you in any one of these. I think this is the last one
in your size.
Theresa: Well, I do need a dress. Thanks. I just hope it's only Mr.
Crane's eyes that he can't keep off of me.

Alistair: I mean it, Julian. Hands off the cute little island girls
while you're down here getting your divorce from Ivy and taking care of
your sister. Besides, it won't be long before you're married to the always
hot-to-trot Rebecca.
Julian: You know, father, I've been thinking about that.
Alistair: Don't tell me you're having second thoughts.
Julian: Oh, about divorcing Ivy, no, no, of course not, but -- well,
rushing into marriage with Rebecca -- I feel that I deserve a little
quality bachelor time.
Alistair: Forget about it. The last time you were single, you got
yourself mixed up with the most inappropriate woman imaginable.
Julian: Eve.
Alistair: You got her pregnant. We're still paying for that mistake.
Oh, no, no, you'll marry Rebecca as soon as possible. And meanwhile, think
with your head, not with your little you-know-what.
Julian: To hell with you, father! I'm a grown man. I'll bed whomever I
like whenever i like. What was the name of that cute little thing i met
last year on the island?
Julian: Hello. Is Charmin in? Oh. Married and expecting her first child
-- how nice for her. No. No message. The bar. I'll find myself a lovely
little nymphet at the hotel bar.

Sam: Grace, you want to know what to do now? You ignore this because
it's nothing. This marriage certificate isn't worth the fax paper it's
printed on.
Grace: But --
Sam: No, no buts. Grace, i am your husband, not Hastings here -- the
man you never laid eyes on till he came to town and tried to run a lousy
game on you.
Grace: I just don't know what to think anymore.
David: Don't get upset.
Sam: You, back off! She is my wife.
David: You know, I just don't get it. Why can't you both see what's
written plainly in black and white? You're a cop. You're a doctor. You're
both trained to look at the facts and draw conclusions based on what you
see.
Eve: Well, it could be proof, or it could just be a piece of paper with
names and dates.
David: Oh, come on.
Sam: Or a coincidence or a mistake or this guy's sick scheme to get
Grace away from me. The one thing I don't buy is this as proof that you're
married to Grace.
David: Grace, look at it again. Look at your signature.
Grace: It's my signature.
Eve: And it's your blood type.
Grace: God, and it's got my birth date and my middle name, which I
		never knew before.

Timmy: Tabitha! Tabitha -- ow! Timmy's being eaten alive by giant black
flies.
Tabitha: Shh! You mustn't utter my name as long as we're on this
devil-forsaken island. The warlocks must not find out that I'm here.
Timmy: Does Tabitha think they're still upset at her for giving them
the wrong scepters and sending them to another dimension?
Tabitha: Listen, listen, I'd appreciate it if you don't bring up that
subject as long as we're here. Just know that if the warlocks spot me
they'll skin me alive.
Timmy: What's worse, princess, being skinned alive by warlocks or
chopped into bits by Norma?
Tabitha: Really, I'm not looking forward to either one of them, which
is why we have to find the brats' campsite, because no one will hurt us in
front of witnesses.
Norma: Oh, I've got them now, father. They won't get away this time.
Reese: Hey, there's Tabitha and her doll. Over here, Tabitha!
Tabitha: For Hades' sake! Does he have to bellow out my name like that?
[Noise]
Timmy: What was that?
Tabitha: I don't know, but I don't think it bodes well for you and I.
Reese: Tabitha!
Tabitha: Will you stop shouting out my name?
Reese: What's the matter, Tabitha? Who are you afraid's going to hear
us? Warlocks? Ooh.
Tabitha: Of course not. I was just thinking of the little woodland
creatures. They're not used to loud noises. It scares them.
Reese: How do you know? Have you been talking to them?
Miguel: Hey, lay off, Reese. Tabitha, what are you doing here?
Tabitha: Oh, I'm glad you asked, Miguel, because I was thinking, and I
decided that you young people could probably use a chaperone.
Miguel: You know, no offense, but the last time you came on a camping
trip with us everyone almost died.
Reese: Yeah, at the mineshaft, remember, Tabitha?
Tabitha: Stop saying my name!
Reese: Tabitha! Tabitha! Tabi--
Miguel: Chill out.
Norma: Oh. They can't hide behind the kids forever. As soon as they're
alone, I'll chop their heads off. [As father] that's my little buttercup.
[Normal voice] oh.
Julian: Bellboy, tell me, is there nothing in this place but lovesick
young honeymooners?
Bellhop: Well, it is our clientele, sir, along with those that come to
the island to get a divorce.
Julian: Oh, for God's sake.
Bellhop: Although i did see one pretty young woman check in by herself
a little while ago. I had the feeling she wasn't here for either reason.
Julian: Really? What's her room number?
Bellhop: Sorry, sir, I couldn't say.
Julian: Yes. Ahem.

Luis: I'd like to order a picnic basket for two for a boating trip
tomorrow.
Clerk: Well, of course, sir. Will the honeymooner champagne basket be
satisfactory?
Luis: That sounds great. And -- well, I'll be by and pick it up in the
morning. Thanks.
Clerk: You're welcome.

Julian: Oh, God. The last champagne that will cross my poor sister's
lips.

Theresa: I hope this works. My entire future with Ethan depends on what
happens with Julian tonight.

Clerk: Sir? I thought you might like to see a young lady who's been
asking after you.
Julian: Oh, I most certainly would. Where is she?
Clerk: She just stepped onto the elevator.
Julian: Drat. That's all right. The night is still young and full of
surprises -- nubile young surprises.

Sam: Hey, stop jumping to conclusions. Just because David says so
doesn't mean the information is true, like your middle name -- we don't
know if it's Marie.
David: It is. You used to sign your name Grace Marie Hastings. You
loved your middle name.
Sam: Will you do me a favor and just shut up. Now, i promise you I'm
going to get to the bottom of this. I'm going to call the records
department in Hartford and see if this is a true facsimile of a marriage
certificate they have on file there. Sure, your signature looks real, but
it also could be a good forgery. Is Grace's blood type uncommon?
Eve: No. Not at all.
Sam: That's exactly what I thought. If someone was motivated, it
wouldn't be hard to get your blood type or to learn how to sign your name
or to make up a middle name. It is a scam, Grace, a cruel and twisted
scam.
David: I would never do that to you, Grace. I love you.

Tabitha: We've got to get off this island but fast.
Timmy: But what about Norma? Princess knows Norma's just waiting to
sink her ax into Timmy and tabby's skulls.
Tabitha: We'll just have to take our chances, Timmy. I was hoping the
warlocks weren't around, but it's clear that they are.
Timmy: How can tabby tell?
Tabitha: Well, for one thing, they're getting to Kay, making her
instinct to do bad things even stronger than usual. And I can hear them
moaning every time anyone mentions my name out loud. I'll tell you one
thing, if they get to Norma, she'll become even more violent than she
already is.
Timmy: But that's impossible, Tabitha!
Tabitha: Shh! I told you not to mention my name. [Moaning]
Jessica: What was that strange sound?
Reese: I don't know. You know, I was just teasing Tabitha before, but I
bet I was on the right track. I bet it is the warlocks, and they're not
happy to have visitors on their island.
Jessica: Come on, Reese. That's not even funny.
Miguel: You know, jess, don't listen to him. It was probably just a --
an airplane.
Tabitha: Whatever you do, don't say my name out aloud again. If the
warlocks realize that i am actually here, it won't be a pretty scene,
Timmy. They hate me more than anyone, even Hecuba.
Timmy: Timmy's beginning to think tabby has a lot of enemies.
Tabitha: Hmm.
Timmy: Is anyone her friend?
Tabitha: Well, of course. There's some -- well, there's always -- well,
there's you, Timmy. You're my friend, aren't you?
Timmy: Always, princess. Always.
Reese: You can solve an argument for us, Tabitha. Is that -- is that
noise warlocks or what? [Loud moaning]
Reese: Wh-- what was that you were saying about an airplane, Miguel?

Sam: I'll call Hartford. I'll get to the bottom of this. Keep an eye on
him.
Grace: Why are you looking at me like that?
David: I'm sorry. I -- i was just remembering how you used to tilt your
head to the side when you were reading. I called you my little bookworm.
Do you remember that?
Grace: No.
Eve: Can't you leave her alone, Mr. Hastings? Don't you see how upset
she is?
David: She's not the only one. This wasn't quite the reaction i
expected when I found her again. I'm not blaming you, Grace. I know it's
not your fault that you can't remember.
Grace: I -- I am trying. I -- I just don't want to lose my husband.
David: You're won't. You'll never lose me.
Sam: Yeah, for the last time, Hastings, Grace is married to me.
David: Well, now, you see, that's where we differ, because in order for
her to be married to you, she and I would have had to have gotten a
divorce first, which we didn't. Grace is my wife, not yours.

Simone: Oh! I just miss Chad, and I just wish he was here so he could
-- hello? Stop watching them, Kay. It's only going to make you feel bad.
Kay: Not anymore, Simone. I've got the strongest feeling that my life
is going to change forever tonight. Come on.

Norma: Oh, come nightfall, daddy, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!

Timmy: Timmy doesn't like his choices. If Timmy and tabby leave the
campsite, then they'll have their heads cut off by Norma. But if they stay
on warlock island --
Tabitha: The warlocks will make us wish we'd had our heads chopped off.

Timmy: Then this is the end, princess?
Tabitha: I'm afraid that's the way it looks, lad.
[Music plays]
Sheridan: Well, shall we order dessert?
Luis: Well, we could have it in the room.
Sheridan: Or we could skip it entirely.
Luis: Then what are we going to do to entertain ourselves?
Sheridan: I don't know. Maybe we'll come up with something.
Luis: Yeah.

Julian: La! God! I wish it were tomorrow already. The sooner Luis' boat
explodes, the sooner I can put this heinous episode to rest once and for
all. No, tonight I'm not going to think about killing my sister and her
lover. Tonight I'm going to enjoy myself, father and his lecture be
damned!
Julian: What I wouldn't give for a night like that almost was. Oh,
well. A man can't have everything. Or can he?

Theresa: Ok. I -- I am -- I'm going to talk to Julian in public about
Ethan. And what could possibly go wrong?

Sam: Damn it, Hastings. Get it out of your head once and for all. Grace
is not your wife.
Officer: Excuse me, chief. That call that you're expecting from
Hartford city hall, line three.
Sam: Good. I'll be right back with the truth.
Eve: It's going to be all right.
Sam: Yeah -- thanks.
Sam: Their records department confirms sending the fax. They claim it's
accurate.
David: I told you we were married.





  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




















 Friday 8/3/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">







<!--
 div.MsoNormal
	{mso-style-parent:"";
	margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	font-size:12.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";
	color:black; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; margin-top:0in}
div.Section1
	{page:Section1;}
span.SpellE
	{}
span.GramE
	{}
-->















Friday 8/3/01






Simone: Thank you.
Kay: I can't wait till later.
Simone: Give it up, Kay. It's not going to work.
Kay: What are you talking about? Of course, it'll work. I'm just going to
sneak into Miguel's sleeping bag later after everybody's fallen asleep and let
what's supposed to happen, happen.
Simone: That's not supposed to happen. And it won't. You stay away from
Miguel. He loves Charity.
Kay: He only thinks he does, Simone. But once I'm pregnant with his baby --

Simone: Oh, stop saying that, Kay! It is wicked!
Kay: He's going to drop Charity like that, and we're going to live happily
ever after.
Simone: I just wish that we could go back on that boat and go back to the
mainland.
Timmy: What are Timmy and Tabby going to do?
Tabitha: Shh.
[Noise]
Timmy: Timmy heard that.
Tabitha: Could be one of those warlocks waking up. Those idiot kids have said
my name out loud one too many times. Now I bet the warlocks know I'm here on
their island. Of course, it could be Norma lurking in the woods, waiting to chop
us into mincemeat.
Norma: [As Father] stay out here all night if you have to, Norma, but get
those two. Kill them! [Normal voice] oh, oh, don't worry, father. They won't get
off this island alive.
Sheridan: You know, we may not be married, but this is everything I dreamed
my honeymoon would be.
Luis: Well, it's only going to get better. I mean, you just wait and see that
boat I chartered. We are going to have the time of our lives.
Sheridan: Hmm. Tell me about it. Or better yet, show me.
[Phone rings]
Julian: Hello, Father. I promise you everything is all set. I told you --
Sheridan will die on a chartered boat tomorrow. Well, he may, but if he does,
he'll blame himself for it. Off for the evening.
Man: All right, here, to all the luscious, ripe young ladies waiting to be
bedded by us, the soon-to-be unwedded.
Second man: Cheers.
Julian: Gentlemen.
Man: Hey.
Julian: Greetings.
Man: Here he is; the fourth musketeer.
Second man: The divorce squad is complete. Pull up a stool, Julian.
Third man: All right, I have a question for one and all. Within this happy
band of brothers, is there one man who even remotely regrets having terminated
his marriage?
Julian: My only regret is that I didn't divorce the bitch sooner.
Man: Why I let myself be tied down to one woman is beyond me.
Second man: With all those nubile young lovelies out there.
Julian: Yes, and there's one particularly young, particularly nubile little
number who -- oh -- it's too bad she's not here.
Theresa: This dress is so revealing. But it was the only one that the hotel
boutique had in my size.
[Phone rings]
Theresa: Hello?
Whitney: Hey, Theresa, it's me.
Theresa: Hey, Whit.
Whitney: So, where are you? I mean, did you talk to Julian yet?
Theresa: Well, I went over to the Crane mansion, but he wasn't there. He was
on his way to Bermuda.
Whitney: Well -- Bermuda?
Theresa: Yeah, he's finalizing his divorce papers.
Whitney: No, no, Theresa, do not even tell me that you followed Julian Crane
to Bermuda.
Theresa: Ok, Whitney, please don't tell Ethan. I mean, I want to surprise him
when I tell him that Mr. Crane wants to welcome him back into the family.
Whitney: Look, Theresa, honey, you are not thinking straight, ok? Ethan is
not a Crane, and the family is not going to take him back.
Theresa: Why are you making this harder than it already is, Whitney? You're
my best friend.
Whitney: Right, which means I'm supposed to worry about you.
Theresa: No, not now. Look, I wrecked Ethan's life.
Whitney: Honey, there is no point in beating yourself up about it now. It is
done. It's over.
Theresa: Right. And now my only hope is Julian. I have to beg him to make
Ethan a Crane again.
Whitney: Theresa, listen to me. Don't do this. Just leave. Just get out of
there right now.
Theresa: Whitney, I have to at least try.
Whitney: Theresa, don't get yourself into something you can't get out of,
especially with Julian Crane.
Ivy: Pilar.
Pilar: Mrs. Crane. I didn't see you there.
Ivy: Well, you still look upset. Is it Theresa? Have you heard from her?
Pilar: Well, she called to say she's all right, but we still don't know where
she is.
Ivy: Oh, when she ran out on her wedding --
Pilar: I was so worried.
Ivy: It was a terrible day.
Pilar: One I'll never forget.
Ivy: Pilar, I am very sorry if I hurt you, but I am still so angry with
Theresa for what she did to my son.
Pilar: Theresa would never do anything to hurt Ethan.
Ivy: She ruined his life.
Pilar: That e-mail was sent by someone else.
Ivy: I don't want to argue with you, Pilar. I'm still hoping that someday we
can be friends.
Pilar: Not while you're so angry at my daughter.
Ivy: I don't want to lose your friendship, Pilar.
Sam: The fax came from the hall of records. A marriage license was registered
in Hartford, but I'm not buying it.
David: There's nothing to buy. Grace is my wife. I've been married to her for
over twenty years.
Sam: No, and you're running a scam on us here. But we're not going to buy it.

David: I know this is hard for you to accept this.
Sam: You're not married to Grace, damn it.
Eve: Sam, Grace's maiden name is on the marriage certificate.
Sam: I don't care.
Eve: He passed the psychological test, not to mention the lie detector test,
Sam. I mean, yes, it could prove inconclusive.
Sam: You could give him a hundred tests. Look, I don't care.
Grace: I must have been married to David and my amnesia -- it erased all
memory of it.
David: Well, now that you know the truth, Sam, you have to release me.
Sam: What?
David: I've committed no crime. I wasn't trying to kidnap Grace. I was trying
to reunite with my wife.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life
Grace: David's -- he's right. He didn't kidnap me.
Eve: Sam, he couldn't have known that Grace had amnesia, so he couldn't know
that she wouldn't recognize him.
Grace: And he just wanted to be with his wife.
Sam: But you're not. You're not his wife, Grace. Look, to hell with this fax,
all right? I'm not accepting it, not a word of it, not until I check it out
more.
David: Check it out all you want.
Sam: It doesn't take a hell of a lot to forge a fax of a wedding license.
David: The original is authentic. Go to Hartford.
Sam: Don't you think I won't. And in the meantime, I'm still checking you
out, claiming to be a photographer who's lived out of the country for years, who
conveniently lost all of the supposed records and photographs of his past with
my wife.
David: Everything I told you is the truth.
Sam: Yeah. We'll see.
David: May I go now?
Sam: No, you may not. You are going to sit here in this jail where you can't
go anywhere near my wife.
David: You have no right to keep me here.
Sam: I've got every right!
David: I'm not the sort of man who makes threats, but if you don't release
me, I will sue you and the Harmony P.D. for false arrest.
Grace: Sam? Sam, he could do that, couldn't he? I mean, you could get in
trouble if you don't release him.
Sam: Not if you file charges against him.
Ivy: Pilar, please, the idea that we wouldn't be friends -- I need you. I
need your strength now. I mean, Julian's gone to the islands to finalize the
divorce.
Pilar: You knew it was coming.
Ivy: Yes, I did, and I'm going to fight it every step of the way.
Pilar: How? The Cranes are so powerful.
Ivy: Yes, they are. They have all the money in the world. They have an army
of lawyers, public relations. That is why I need allies. I need friends. I need
you, Pilar. I know I can trust you. I know you would never hurt me.
Pilar: I wanted to hurt you at the wedding when you were so hateful to my
daughter.
Ivy: Can you blame me for being angry with Theresa?
Pilar: She didn't send that e-mail to the tabloids.
Ivy: She scanned it into her computer.
Pilar: And you despise her for it.
Ivy: Pilar, can you blame me? She wrecked my life.
Pilar: No. It was somebody else. Theresa told me she didn't e-mail your
letter, and I believe her.
Ivy: Even though we know it came from her computer?
Pilar: Somebody else must have had access to it.
Ivy: Somebody else? Who?
Pilar: Gwen, or Rebecca.
Ivy: What?
Pilar: Well, why not? They had the motive. They wanted to break up Ethan and
Theresa.
Ivy: Well, I wouldn't put anything past Rebecca, you're right, but she didn't
know about the letters, Pilar. It was Theresa. She is to blame. She started all
of this by scanning the letters into her computer. She's to blame for all the
terrible things that have happened, including Julian divorcing me.
Theresa: You know I wish you would quit worrying about me.
Whitney: Well, I wish I would, too, but it's become a full-time job with you.

Theresa: I can take care of myself, Whitney.
Whitney: The Same way you did the last time you were in Bermuda when Julian
just happened to get into bed with you?
[Theresa screams]
Theresa: I am just going to talk to Mr. Crane in the dining room. I'll never
even be alone with him.
Whitney: Before you do anything, Theresa, will you please just call Ethan?

Chad: Whitney, you talking to Theresa?
Whitney: Yeah.
Chad: Would you mind telling her that Ethan loves her and he wants to work
things out?
Theresa: It'll be so much easier to work things out if I just undo the damage
that I've done. Now, I don't know who sent that e-mail, but it couldn't have
happened if I hadn't scanned Ivy's letter into my computer. Now, I have to make
things right for Ethan. I have to give him back his identity as a Crane.
Whitney: But Ethan isn't a Crane!
Theresa: Whitney, he loved being part of that family.
Whitney: Ok, look, Theresa, do not do this, ok? You are not going to talk to
Julian. Just check yourself out of that hotel and book a flight home.
Simone: Look, Kay, you sold your soul once to try to get Miguel, and you went
through hell. If you try backstabbing Charity again, you just might end up
staying there.
Kay: Would you relax, Simone? All I'm going to do is make sure Miguel isn't
alone in his tent tonight.
Simone: This is exactly what I'm talking about.
Kay: It's not backstabbing. All I want is to finally make love to Miguel.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't see her, princess. Maybe Norma went back to the boat,
back to the mainland. Maybe even to -- back to the motel.
Tabitha: Oh, and maybe you'll be crowned czar of all the Russia.
Timmy: Who?
Tabitha: Never mind. But just in case you're being a tad overly optimistic, I
think we'd better stick close to the kids just to be on the safe side.
Timmy: Too bad Timmy and his princess can't call the police.
Tabitha: Oh, no. We can't risk them finding out all my secrets in &quot;hidden
passions.&quot; Oh. Hmm.
Reese: What's that?
Tabitha: It's just a book I picked up.
Reese: Well, maybe you'll let me look at it sometime?
Tabitha: I'm a very slow reader, Reese. There's no way I'll be finished with
it before we get off this island.
Timmy: If we get off the island.
Norma: Oh, nothing to do now but wait. Sooner or later, Tabitha and her brat
will be left alone. And when they are, I'll head them off at the pass.
Tabitha: I hate to be a burden, dears.
Charity: Oh, you're not, Tabitha.
Tabitha: But since I decided suddenly to come on your trip as chaperone, I
packed nothing. Would one of you be so kind as to lend me a blanket for the
night?
Miguel: A blanket is definitely not going to be warm enough. Tell you what,
I'll bunk with Reese, and you can sleep in my tent.
Kay: No!
Sheridan: I could stay like this all night. Maybe even the rest of our trip.

Luis: Yeah?
Sheridan: The rest of our lives.
Luis: You're sure nothing could get you to leave this room?
Sheridan: I don't know. What do you have in mind?
Luis: Well, it's a warm night. We could take a walk on the beach.
Sheridan: Hmm -- pass.
Luis: Ok. How about a dip in the ocean?
Sheridan: Hmm -- uh-uh.
Luis: Hmm. What do you say we build a fire by a sand dune?
Sheridan: No.
Luis: Well, what if we do all the above and make love under the stars?
Sheridan: Mmm, deal.
[Men laugh]
Julian: Well, this is all very pleasant -- good company, good booze, but I
feel a certain lack.
Man: And that would be --
Second man: A babe. What else?
Third man: I'll drink to that.
Second man: Yes.
Julian: A little female companionship while I await the dissolution of my
marriage would be most welcome, but unfortunately, my time is limited. I have
one or two other projects to attend to.
Man: Oh, yeah, but I have never known you to let business stand in the way of
pleasure, Julian.
Julian: Well, true. I've always been a firm believer in multitasking.
Man: I'll drink to that.
Julian: The problem is my little black book is a bit out of date.
Man: Here it is.
Julian: You wouldn't have the number of a luscious Latino with long brown
hair, dark flashing eyes, and a body built to mambo all night, would you?
Man: I was right. You got two?
Theresa: This is what I have to do, Whitney. I can't go home until I get Mr.
Crane to welcome Ethan back into the Crane family.
Whitney: Fine. I can see that I'm not going to change your mind this time.
But all I'm saying is that you need to be careful around Julian Crane. He is
just a slimy dog, ok?
Theresa: It's going to be fine, Whitney.
Whitney: Do you know how many times I've heard you tell me that?
Theresa: See you soon. Wish me luck. Bye.
Whitney: Wait, don't --
Chad: Did I hear right? Is Theresa in Bermuda?
Whitney: Yeah, and she's about to make the biggest mistake of her life.
Grace: I can't bring charges against him. He didn't do anything to me.
Sam: Grace, honey, he stalked you. He broke into Tabitha's house and scared
you half to death and then carried you back to his room at the
bed-and-breakfast. Now, those are grounds for an arrest.
Grace: And I'm still really upset about everything that happened, but, Sam,
I'm afraid that we really have to look at this from David's point of view.
Sam: I already have.
Grace: He didn't know what happened to me. He didn't know why I had walked
out of his life.
Sam: Oh, my God, Grace, come on. You're not believing this guy.
Grace: You know, and he looked for me for twenty years, and when he found me
--
Sam: Right. Right, right, right, right. He didn't know that you had amnesia,
that you didn't recognize him. Blah, blah, blah.
Grace: But his first instinct was to rescue me.
David: She's right. That's exactly what I thought. You could always read my
mind, Grace.
Grace: Look, what I know is that you thought I was your wife. And according
to the marriage certificate, I am.
Eve: Sam, I know this is really hard for you.
Sam: Hard?
Eve: Because you know that the law is actually on David's side.
Sam: Look, I don't give a damn what the law says when it concerns my wife.

Grace: Sam, you live by the law. It's your life. You have to release him.
Grace: Please. This is serious. What if the police review board disciplines
you for not releasing David?
Sam: I don't care.
Grace: Sam --
Eve: Think about what you're doing, Sam.
Grace: Don't let this snowball. Don't jeopardize your career. Just please
release him.
Eve: I totally agree with Grace. And you can still keep tabs on him once you
release him.
David: Check it all out. It's the truth, I promise.
Sam: We don't need to hear from you right now.
David: Sooner or later, you're going to have to face the truth. You can't
just keep pretending that I don't exist.
Sam: Don't tell me what I have to do. Look, all I care about right now is my
wife. And I can see how upset she is by all this. So for her sake, I'm going to
let you go.
Grace: Thank you.
Sam: But don't you think that I'll ever accept Grace not being my wife.
David: We got a lot of catching up to do.
Sam: You don't go anywhere near my wife. Do you hear me?
Grace: David's right. We can't just pretend that he doesn't exist. This
changes everything.
Pilar: For everything you've been through. But I cannot be allied with
someone who hates my daughter.
Ivy: No, &quot;hate&quot; is the wrong word.
Pilar: I know you; you'll never forgive Theresa, never. You'll want revenge.
You'll want to hurt her just like she hurt you. So please, don't ask me to be
your friend. I must protect my daughter. I won't leave her vulnerable to more
suffering.
Ivy: Pilar, I don't know if I can forget what Theresa did, forgive her,
change the way I feel about her.
Pilar: I know.
Ivy: But I am willing to meet half way.
Pilar: How do you mean?
Ivy: Well, I don't want to see Theresa again. But I'm -- I'm willing not to
stand in her way. As long as our paths don't cross, I'll let Theresa and Ethan's
love run its course. So what do you say, Pilar? Can we please try to be friends?
She'll be glad you did.
Julian: Well, if she's half as good as you say she is I'll be happy camper.

Man: You go get her, J.!
Second man: Fellas?
Third man: I've already lined up a date for later tonight. Thanks all the
same.
Second man: Bruce?
Bruce: Well, I'm expecting a call. I shall go to the front desk and check my
messages. Bonne chance, gentlemen.
Man: Bonne chance.
Second man: So –
First man: Spill.
Bruce: Whoo. Oh, you have captured my heart, fair maiden. I am smitten.
There's only one thing for it. You must marry me.
Theresa: Excuse --
Bruce: Hey, are you solo?
Theresa: Well, yes. I mean, no, I'm meeting someone else.
Bruce: Ah your sister, I hope, or a friend as beautiful as you are.
Theresa: Please. I should go.
Bruce: How about a swim?
Theresa: I'm sorry.
Bruce: Eat dinner on the terrace of my hotel room? Well, wait a minute!
Julian: Oh! I despise leaving messages. Perhaps next time Mac will give me a
number where somebody actually answers the bloody phone.
Bruce: Ooh, you are not going to believe this.
Julian: What?
Bruce: I just saw the girl of your dreams, the one you described earlier?
Latina? Dark, flashing eyes?
Julian: Really?
Kay: But you can't give Tabitha your tent.
Miguel: Why not?
Kay: Because it's really far from the fire and she's going to get cold.
Tabitha: She couldn't care less. She's planning to seduce him in his tent.

Charity: Kay's right. So, you just give Tabitha your tent, and then you can
share mine.
Jessica: That's a great idea.
Miguel: Works out perfectly. You're really so considerate of others.
Charity: Oh.
Simone: Looks like you can't sneak into Miguel's tent now. Charity will see
you.
Tabitha: I'd like to thank you all for making me feel so safe around you.
Miguel: Ok, everybody, let's get moving on this. Jessica, Simone, you need to
go get some more firewood.
Simone: Ok, all right.
Miguel: All right, Reese and Kay, go down to the cove and get some more
water. And Charity and I will go down the dock and get the rest of the supplies.

Tabitha: And what can I do?
Miguel: Nothing. Just relax and wait for us to get back.
Charity: Mm-hmm.
Tabitha: What, alone?
Norma: Hmm. That suits me just fine.

Tabitha: Hey! Hey! Wait for me!
Miguel: What's wrong, Tabitha?
Tabitha: Well, I just don't feel right with you all doing the work while I
loll around like a lazy lump.
Miguel: Don't worry about it. We can handle it.
Kay: Hey, guys, maybe she's afraid to stay here alone. Should I stay back
with her?
Miguel: Ok.
Simone: What are you up to, Kay?
Kay: Tabitha, not to worry. I'll stay back here with you, ok?
Tabitha: Oh, splendid.
Tabitha: We're saved, Timmy.
Norma: O how am I supposed to kill them now? Well, I can't, not in front of
the girl. [As Father] Tonight, you'll kill Tabitha and Timmy tonight while they
sleep in their tents. [Normal voice] Oh, yes.
Sam: Grace, David changes nothing between us. Nothing. We're still who we've
always been -- a man and a woman who love each other very deeply. We're married.
We have children. We're rebuilding our house together. We have a past, and we
have a future. David doesn't factor in it, and he never will.
Grace: I just wish I felt as sure as you do about David, but, Sam, I'm so
confused. You know, I just need -- I need some time to think.
Sam: Come on. I'll take you home.
Grace: No. I think I need to be alone.
Sam: Grace, honey, don't shut me out.
Eve: Grace, you don't want to be alone, honey. You want me to come with you?

Grace: No. No, no. I -- you know, I really just want to think things out.
I'll be ok. I'm just glad that the kids aren't here, you know, that they're
safely away on the island.
Sam: Grace, nothing can hurt our family. Nothing.
Ivy: What do you say, Pilar? Please, can we be friends again?
Pilar: Yes. We can be friends.
Ivy: Oh, thank you. Thank you so much. You have no idea how much I need you.

Pilar: And you can count on me as long as you keep your promise that you
won't try to keep Theresa and Ethan apart. And it's not just them, Mrs. Crane.
It affects Luis and Sheridan, too. They're holding off getting married until
Theresa and Ethan works things out, and that won't happen until we --
Ivy: You'll find her, Pilar.
Pilar: I am just so worried. I don't know what she'll do. And she blames
herself for everything. And I'm afraid that she'll try to make it up somehow.
Even as a little girl, she would cause more problems trying to undo what she had
done. And right now she'll do anything to get Ethan back.
Theresa: Now to find Mr. Crane.
Eve: I feel so terrible about what's happened with you and Grace.
Sam: Why? There's nothing to feel terrible about.
Eve: Sam, the facts of the marriage --
Sam: I'm her husband, not some guy that she doesn't even know. Now, you can't
take this seriously. God, it's laughable.
Eve: I know that this is hard for you, Sam, but do you realize that for Grace
this is an enormous dilemma? She so believes in the sanctity of marriage.
Sam: So do I.
Eve: I know you do! And I think that's why you're in denial because somewhere
inside you think that if David really is Grace's husband that you're going to
lose her.
Sam: I need some air.
Julian: It seems like destiny's rearing its lovely head, you know, you
spotting this luscious Latina.
Bruce: Well, you should have seen this girl. She was gorgeous. She was top
tier.
Julian: She couldn't be as beautiful as my former son's fiancée, Theresa, the
housekeeper’s hot-blooded daughter.
Man: Now, there's a fantasy.
Theresa: Oh, Julian, you are too much. Oh, the best. I can't get enough of
you. Come back to bed and make Theresa happy.
Julian: Too bad the girl you saw wasn't Theresa.
Sheridan: Oh, well. It is so gorgeous out there.
Luis: Mm-hmm.
Sheridan: I only wish Ethan and Theresa could share it with us.
Luis: Yeah. That would have been great.
Clerk: Can I help you?
Theresa: Yes. I need to know if Mr. Crane is in the dining room.
Clerk: I believe so. I know I saw him earlier.
Theresa: Could you tell him that I wish to speak with him, please?
Clerk: Of course.
Kay: Tabitha?
Tabitha: Yes, dear?
Kay: I was wondering if I could ask a favor.
Tabitha: Here it comes, Tim Tim -- the real reason why Kay offered to stay
behind. Yes, dear, what is it?
Kay: Well, the thing is I'm kind of a light sleeper, and I'm afraid if I
share a tent with Charity I'll only wake her, so --
Tabitha: Yes?
Kay: I was wondering if you could share a tent with her instead. I mean, I
know it's kind of weird and --
Tabitha: No problem.
Kay: Really? Thank you. Thank you so much, Tabitha.
Tabitha: I have no intention whatsoever of sleeping anywhere on this bloody
island. If Norma doesn't get us, the warlocks will.
Timmy: So how are Timmy and Tabby going to get away from Norma?
Tabitha: I have a plan.
Timmy: Excellent! What is it?
Tabitha: Shh, shh, shh.
Eve: David? Please. Just leave town. Forget about Grace. You say that you
love her. She loves Sam. She has family. She has a life with him, and she's
happy.
David: I've been looking for 20 years for Grace. I will not lose her again.

[Grace cries]
Pilar: Grace? What is it?
Grace: Pilar, I have another husband. I'm not married to Sam.
Sam's voice: I love you. I'll always love you, Ivy.
Sheridan: The water was so warm.
Luis: It's unreal.
Sheridan: I keep thinking how much Ethan and Theresa would have loved this.

Luis: Yeah. I'm worried about Theresa. The girl can be her own worst enemy.
You know, if only she'd told Ethan the truth about scanning that letter into her
computer.
Sheridan: Yeah.
Luis: I just hope she's learned her lesson.
Clerk: Mr. Crane?
Julian: Yes.
Clerk: There's a young woman waiting in the lobby wishing to speak with you.

Julian: Really? I wonder who that could be.
Man: Maybe it's the girl whose number I gave you.
Bruce: Yeah, she heard your voice on her machine and she just tore right over
here.
Julian: Oh, well, we'll see who has the last laugh.
Man: Good luck.
Second man: All right.
Julian: You wish to speak to me?
Theresa: Yes, I do.
Julian: Oh, my.












 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!








  Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading


















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Monday 8/6/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
 Monday 8/6/01
  By Stephanie
		Proofread By
		Elissia Simone: You said that you were staying in camp because you thought that
Tabitha was afraid of being alone in the woods.
Kay: So?
Simone: So Tabitha is alone in the woods right now talking to her
little doll. She doesn't look the least bit afraid to me. So tell me
what's really going on.
Kay: Nothing.
Simone: Oh, come on, Kay. What's the real reason why you stayed in camp
while we went out to gather wood?
Kay: Ok. I got Tabitha to switch tents with me. So that means she's
going to be bunking with Charity, which means I'm going to be free to
sneak into Miguel's tent so we can make love and I can get pregnant.
Simone: Are you still on that same kick? You tried once before to sneak
into Miguel's sleeping bag and you ended up in the sack with Reese.
Kay: Oh, don't remind me. Anyway, this time it's going to work.
Simone: What makes you think that Miguel will make love to you, huh?
You can't force a guy to have sex with you. He's in love with Charity.
Kay: I'm not going to have to force him, Simone. Miguel's going to
realize that I'm the one he should be with.
Simone: What makes you think so?
Kay: I just know. Simone, trust me. Once I'm lying beside him, making
him feel like a man, there's no way he'll be able to resist.
Simone: I still think that you're making a big mistake. And even if for
some bizarre reason you do make love to Miguel, you're going to regret it
for the rest of your life.
Kay: I don't care what you say, Simone. I'm still going to do it.

Tabitha: I told Kay I was going to sleep in Charity's tent, but I have
no intention of sleeping anywhere on warlock island.
Timmy: Timmy and tabby are getting off the island?
Tabitha: You said it, Tim Tim. I'm getting us off this island before
the warlocks can grab us. Or our psycho friend, Norma, for that matter.
Timmy: But how?
Tabitha: Well, I have a plan, but we have to keep it quiet because I
don't want Norma getting wind of it.
Norma: Don't worry, daddy, i've got them now. [As father] make sure you
kill them tonight, Norma. I'm running out of patience!
Timmy: Did tabby hear that?
Tabitha: What? No, I didn't hear anything. Now, listen, this is what
we're going to do.

Sheridan: Hmm, so perfect. Can we come back here when we get married
for our official honeymoon?
Luis: I'll make sure we do.
Sheridan: Hmm. Maybe next time, Ethan and Theresa can join us if they
work things out.
Luis: Yeah, well, that's a big "if" when it comes to my sister. She
usually makes things worse. You know, she doesn't mean to. It's just that
once she gets an idea in her head, no matter how crazy, she sticks to it,
and, well, usually means disaster.

Julian: This is an amazing coincidence running into you, Theresa. It's
a dream come true.
Theresa: Oh, Julian. Oh, you are too much. Oh, the best. I can't get
enough of you. Come back to bed and make Theresa happy. Excuse me?
Julian: Oh, I said you -- you look like a dream.
Theresa: Thank you. You know, I have to tell you, I'm as surprised to
be here as you are to see me. But now that i finally see you, I know that
I did the right thing.
Julian: Really? Oh, tell -- what brings you down to the island,
Theresa?
Theresa: You.
Julian: Me?
Theresa: You're the only one who can give me what I want.

Luis: What do you say? Let's try and forget about Ethan and Theresa, at
least till we get back to Harmony?
Sheridan: You're right. Whatever happens is going to happen whether we
know about it or not.
Luis: Good. Now, let's see, I promised you a -- a moonlight swim in the
ocean and we swam.
Sheridan: Mm-hmm.
Luis: And I promised you a fire on the beach and, voila, there's fire.
And I promised you a walk and we walked. So what else do we have left?
Sheridan: I think I remember.
Luis: Yeah? I think we're supposed to make love under the stars.

Julian: You followed me here, Theresa?
Theresa: Yes. I mean, the minute that I heard that you were down here
to finalize your divorce from Mrs.. Crane, i knew what i had to do. So i
booked the first flight out of Harmony and here I am.
Julian: Well, I must say, this is quite a pleasant surprise. And I'm
glad you came to me and didn't go to anyone else.
Theresa: Well, who else would i go to?
Julian: Who else, indeed. Well, I'll certainly rise to the occasion and
hope to give you everything you could possibly want.
Theresa: Mr. Crane, thank you. I mean, I was so hoping that you would
be understanding, but I didn't know how you'd react just to seeing me
here.
Julian: Well, how could I be anything short of ecstatic, dear? And
please, call me Julian. Have you had dinner?
Theresa: No, I have been too nervous to eat.
Julian: Oh. Well, come inside. I'll order us a couple of steaks. Builds
stamina, you know.
Julian: Ah, right there.

Bruce: That's the girl I saw earlier.
Man: Oh, she's gorgeous.
Second Man: Oh, mama mia.

Julian: Have a seat.
Theresa: Thank you.
Julian: Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll go snag a waiter.
Theresa: Of course. Once i get Mr.. Crane to take Ethan back into the
family, then Ethan and i can be married.
Man: Julian, you dog, where did you snag a beauty like that?
Julian: That's Theresa, the girl i told you about, my former son's
fiancée.
Man: No.
Bruce: His fiancée? What the heck is she doing here with you?
Julian: Well, I assume she was planning to honeymoon in Bermuda, but
her wedding was called off, so her hormones are pumping overtime.
Man: Oh, wait a minute, Julian. You mean she flew all the way down here
to be with you? Get him a drink.
Julian: It's exactly what happened. Gentlemen, I will not disappoint.

Tabitha: Now, here's what we're going to do. We have to convince Norma
that we're going to bed in the tent as if we didn't have a care in the
world, and if we do it properly, then she'll fall for it.
Timmy: Norma's not too smart, is she, princess?
Tabitha: No, she's a pretty dim bulb.
Tabitha: I think I felt a mosquito.
Timmy: Oh, Timmy can deal with mosquitoes. And he's not afraid of
warlocks, either, because he's never seen them. It's Norma that scares the
pants off of Timmy.
Tabitha: Yes, well, if you do as i say, then we'll get out of here and
Norma will wonder for the rest of her life how we got away. Hmm?
Timmy: The mosquitoes must be huge on this island.
Tabitha: Well, they must be getting worse. Oh, we'd better get out of
here.
Norma: I'm not stupid, am i, father? [As father] of course not, Norma
dear. And you're going to prove it tonight when you bring me their heads.

Simone: If you make love to Miguel, you'll not only wreck your life,
you'll wreck Miguel's life. And if you have a baby, you'll wreck that
baby's life, too.
Kay: Simone, that's ridiculous.
Simone: It is not. You are too young to be parents. And the most
important thing is that Miguel loves Charity, not you.
Kay: After tonight, Miguel will love me, ok?
Simone: Do you realize how loony you sound?
Kay: Simone, if -- if the legend Reese told us is true, it's not loony
at all.
Simone: The legend where the two girls are on the same island and the
one with the psychic power dies and the other one gets her man.
Kay: That's right. Charity's the one with the psychic powers and I'm
the other girl. Don't you see? It's not loony.
Charity: No!
Simone: My God. It's Charity. What's wrong with --
Kay: I don't know, but maybe she's about to die right now.
Charity: No!
Miguel: Charity! Hey. What's wrong? [Reese whistles]
Reese: She looks like she's in some kind of trance.
Charity: What?
Miguel: You were just, like, really close to the fire and then you
screamed.
Reese: You know, sometimes you can get hypnotized by the flames.
Miguel: Is that what happened, Charity? Or did you have another
premonition about Sheridan and Theresa?
Charity: I was trying to see what was happening to Sheridan and
Theresa, and what I saw was so frightening and horrible.
Jessica: What did you see, Charity?
Miguel: Is Theresa in danger? Is Sheridan?
Charity: I don't know, ok? I don't know exactly what I saw. I'm really
sorry. I didn't mean to worry everybody.
Kay: Talk about loony.
Reese: So you don't remember your premonition?
Charity: No.
Miguel: Maybe we should just call it a night and get ready for bed.
Jessica: Yeah, that's a good idea.
Reese: You guys go ahead. I'm going to surf the net, see if i can find
any other legends about warlock island.
Kay: Charity? I'm not going to be bunking with you tonight.
Charity: You're not?
Kay: No, I asked Tabitha to switch tents with me.
Charity: Why?
Tabitha: Well, it's just that your tent is a little bit bigger,
Charity, and Kay thought I might be cramped otherwise.
Charity: That's sweet.
Miguel: Hey, we've got plenty of firewood, so the fire should be going
all night. I don't think anyone will be cold.
Reese: Get this, guys. Native Americans reported to the settlers that
they often saw strange lights right here in the woods. And then -- and
then later, some stranded fishermen reported seeing the same strange
lights.
Jessica: Strange lights? I wonder what they were.

Tabitha: The lights they saw were the fires that the warlocks lit and
danced around.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't see lights. Maybe the warlocks are staying home
tonight.
Tabitha: Oh, no, no, they're out there. You heard their moans earlier.
They know I'm here.
Timmy: They do?
Tabitha: But they won't strike until the moon is high. And if my plan
works, we'll be out of here by then.
Timmy: And -- and if Tabitha's plan doesn't work?

 [Theresa Daydreaming]Theresa: Oh, that was so wonderful. The water's warm here.
Ethan: It's perfect, isn't it?
Theresa: Hmm.
Ethan: Just like you. Oh, just like my life. I'm married to the woman i
love and I'm back with my family. And I owe it all to you.
Theresa: I'm just glad I was able to convince Mr.. Crane to adopt you.
Ethan: I love you, Mrs.. Crane.
Theresa: I love you, too, Ethan.

Theresa: It's going to happen. I just have to convince Mr.. Crane to
take Ethan back into the family.

Man: Oh, come on, Julian, are you sure that gorgeous girl flew all the
way down here just to be with you?
Julian: That's what she said. She said, "who else would I go to?" --
Her exact words.
Man: Oh, you are one lucky sob.
Bruce: I'll drink to that.
Julian: I just realized something. Theresa is a virgin. That's why she
came to me. No, she wants her first time to be with someone who can
fulfill her every desire.
Bruce: And that would be you?
Man: Julian, no offense, but a girl who looks like that can have any
man she wants take care of her hormones.
Second Man: Right.
Bruce: Julian, Mac's right. I will bet you a box of Cuban cigars that
you do not get Theresa into bed.
Julian: You're on. Theresa knows what she's doing. She knows I've got
the magic.
Mac: Jeez. Oh, boy.
Man: I think Julian's way out of his league on this one.

Julian: The waiter will be along shortly.
Theresa: Oh -- we don't have to have dinner. I mean, what I want won't
take that long.
Julian: Why don't you just leave that to me.

Reese: Ooh. Ooh, listen to this! 200 --
Tabitha: Well, good night, everyone! I'll be going to bed now!
Jessica: Tabitha, we can hear you.
Tabitha: Oh, sorry, dear. Was I shouting?
Reese: When you're a 300-year-old witch, sometimes you get a little
hard of hearing.
Tabitha: Hmm. Well, good night again! Sleep tight!
Charity: Good night, Tabitha.
Simone: Night.
Miguel: You know, Reese, you should show a little respect for Tabitha.
You know, I know she's old and weird, you know, but she's not a witch.
Reese: Someday I'm going to prove you very wrong on that. Anyway,
listen to what I found out about warlock island. 200 years ago, a boat was
wrecked on the rocks here, and the fishermen, they saw these lights in the
woods and so they headed for them hoping for refuge. They left the
youngest member of their crew on the beach. But when they didn't return
for hours, the young man went looking for them, but all he found were
their clothes.
Jessica: Nothing but their clothes?
Charity: What happened to them?
Reese: Nobody knows. But maybe the warlocks got them!
Miguel: Reese --
Charity: Gosh.
Miguel: You're scaring the girls, man. Just lay off.
Kay: Yeah, Reese, you're going to give us all nightmares.
Reese: Sorry, love bug.
Miguel: Time to hit the sack.
Kay: Simone?
Simone: Yes?
Kay: This is it -- my last night as a virgin. Tomorrow I'm going to
wake up a woman.
Simone: You go through with this crazy plan, you'll wake up tomorrow
with nothing but regrets. You'll be sorrier than you were when you gave up
your soul.
Kay: Simone, I have to take this opportunity. I can't miss it.

Tabitha: All right, Timmy, coast is clear. Let's go.
Timmy: Does Tabitha think they'll be fooled by this?
Tabitha: Yes. Now, don't worry, Timmy. It looks as if we're sound
asleep in our sleeping bag. Come on, let's get out of here. Hustle,
hustle.

Miguel: Charity, what is it? Why do you keep staring into the fire?
Charity: I see a terrible fire. I see death.

[Noise]
Sheridan: What was that?
Luis: What was what?
Sheridan: Didn't you hear it?
Luis: No. I heard the fire crackling.
Sheridan: No, no, it sounded -- why did the fire just suddenly get so
high?
Luis: I don't know. Tropical trade winds or maybe the driftwood was
extra dry. What's wrong, Sheridan? Why you suddenly so afraid?
Sheridan: I don't know, but that sound -- it just sent a chill through
me. It was almost like a warning that something terrible was going to
happen.

Julian: A toast -- to this wonderful surprise and to your incredible
beauty.
Theresa: Oh, I'd better just have water.
Julian: But you can't toast with water. It's bad luck.
Theresa: It is?
Julian: Oh, yes. Besides, i can tell you're a bit nervous. A few sips
of champagne will help you relax.
Theresa: Well, I am nervous, Mr.. Crane -- Julian. This is so hard for
me.
Julian: Oh, now, you just leave it all to me. You don't have to say a
word. I know what you want.
Theresa: You do?
Julian: Yes, and i promise you, I'll make you very happy tonight.

Charity: No, Theresa, no. Danger. There's great danger.

Sheridan: Luis, why did I have this feeling? Why did I have this
feeling that something terrible was going to happen?
Luis: Well, I don't know. But I want you to put it out of your head,
ok? Look, we're in this beautiful place. We're hundreds of miles away from
your father or brother and miles away from anyone who wants to tear us
apart.
Sheridan: You're right. I guess I'm just not used to feeling this safe
and protected and happy.
Luis: I am here to protect you, ok, sweetheart?
Sheridan: I'm just so afraid that it won't last. I'm so afraid that
something will happen to take it away.
Luis: All right, that is not going to happen, ok? Now, what can I do to
convince you of that? Everything is going to be great.
Sheridan: You really, honestly don't think anything will happen to tear
us apart?
Luis: Not anymore. Your father and brother, they gave it their best
shot. They blew it, hiring some guy to impersonate me. It didn't work.
Hey, you're stuck with me for life whether you like it or not, till death
do us part.
Sheridan: Till death do us part.

Julian: You know, you're very wise to have come to me, Theresa.
Theresa: Well, I couldn't really go to your father.
Julian: My father?
Theresa: Well, yes. I mean, I know that Alistair is Ethan's
grandfather, but I thought it would be more appropriate if i came to you
first.
Julian: First? What exactly are you trying to say?
Theresa: Well, I meant that Alistair will probably have the final say.
But I thought if you were convinced first, well, then you could probably
convince him, right?
Julian: Father will have the final say about what?
Theresa: Well, the whole reason that I'm here -- to ask you to take
Ethan back into the family.
Julian: You came all the way down here to ask me to take Ethan back
into the family?
Theresa: Well, yes. I mean, I thought that you understood that I wanted
to talk about Ethan.
Julian: This is incredible.
Theresa: I thought that if you could take Ethan back into the family, I
can make up for the mess that I made. It's all my fault that that tabloid
printed ivy's letter telling Sam Bennett that Ethan was his son. I mean,
it was scanned into my computer, something that I never should have done,
		and then someone else saw it and they e-mailed it to the tabloid.
Julian: You knew Ethan wasn't my son and you didn't say anything.
Theresa: That's another thing that I have to make up for. Mr. Crane,
Julian, I love Ethan so much, and all I want is for him to get back what
he lost. I know that you loved Ethan as a son for all those years. You
must still feel something for him.

Bruce: Julian is definitely losing out tonight.
Mac: And I am so enjoying watching it. Waiter: There's a call on the
house phone for you, Mr.. Crane.
Julian: Oh, thank you. You'll excuse me, Theresa?
Julian: Hello?
Alistair: Julian, I hope you're behaving. No adventures for little
Julian tonight.
Julian: Nothing of the sort, father.
Alistair: Good. I want you to keep your mind on the task at hand. No
distractions, understand?
Julian: Perfectly.
Alistair: Good. Tomorrow's a big day. Sheridan must die when the boat
Luis chartered explodes.

Charity: Danger. Theresa. No. No.
Miguel: Charity, what are you doing out here? You said you were going
to go to bed?
Kay: What is she babbling on about?
Miguel: She keeps saying Theresa's in danger.
Reese: Charity, what are you seeing?
Miguel: Look, Reese, she's upset, all right? She doesn't need you to
ask her what she's seeing.
Reese: Miguel, most of the time Charity's premonitions come true. We
should try to get her to tell us what this one was about.
Jessica: Yeah.
Charity: Ok. I see Miguel's sister, Theresa, and she's on an island
with palm trees and flowers.
Miguel: No, Charity, it can't be Theresa. All right, she's back in
Harmony worrying about Ethan. She wouldn't just run off to some island. It
must be someone else.
Charity: No, Miguel. It's Theresa. It's Theresa, and she's on an
island, and something bad is happening to her there. She's in trouble.
She's in terrible trouble.
Tabitha: We made it, Timmy. Now all we have to do is get on the boat
and head back to Harmony.
Timmy: Won't Norma come searching for Timmy and tabby once she realizes
Timmy and tabby are gone?
Tabitha: Well, I hope she realizes that she's met her match and give
up.
Timmy: Timmy hopes so, too.

Norma: Oh. I'll wait till they're on the boat before I strike, father.
That way no one will hear their screams. [As father] good girl, Norma.
[Normal voice] oh. [Ax sharpens]

Timmy: What was that?
Tabitha: I didn't hear anything. What? It's just -- just a few frogs,
crickets. I think.
Timmy: Timmy's nerves are jangling.
Tabitha: Don't worry, Timmy. Not only are we escaping the hideous
Norma, we're going to get off this flaming island before the warlocks have
a chance to take their revenge on me.
Tabitha: I do wish we could stick around long enough to see if Kay's
successful in seducing Miguel. She'll be my hero if she does.
Timmy: Timmy's, too. Timmy wants Charity to himself.
Tabitha: Well, whatever keeps Charity and Miguel from making love works
for me. Then i won't have to worry about Charity coming into her full
powers. Come on, come on, come on.

Miguel: Charity? Can you tell us what you see in the fire?
Charity: I see different things now. I see a boat exploding and people
dying. There's so much pain. It's awful!
Miguel: A boat explodes. Is Theresa on the boat? I mean, is that why
you said you saw her in danger?
Charity: No, no. Theresa's not on the boat. But she's in some kind of
trouble.
Miguel: What kind of trouble? Who is she with?
Charity: I don't know, I don't know! But she's going to regret what
she's doing. She's going to regret it, and it's going to be too late, too
late!
Jessica: She just sounds so convinced.
Miguel: I'm going to call my mother. She'll know where Theresa is.
Jessica: Good idea.
Simone: Yes, yes.
Jessica: It'll be ok.
Miguel: Damn it. There's no signal. Must be all the trees.
Simone: Maybe we should try to go back to Harmony.
Jessica: Yeah.
Miguel: I wish we could, but the boat captain said he wasn't going to
be back till daybreak.
Jessica: What?
Miguel: So we're stuck here for the night.
Kay: Nice try, Simone, but it's fate that we're stuck here until
morning. And fate that's going to take me to Miguel's tent tonight, and
fate is going to change my life.

Julian: Father, leave it to me. I promise you this will work. Nothing
will go wrong this time.
Bruce: Hey, not so fast, lover boy. You owe me a box of Cubans.
Man: Bruce is right, Julian. We've been watching, and what went down
between you and that girl was definitely not a prelude to passion.
Bruce: What was she asking for, a stock tip?
Mac: Whatever. There's no way you're winding up in bed with that cute
chick.
Julian: Well, you gentlemen couldn't be more wrong, and I'll expect a
box of cigars at the front desk in the morning. The evening has just
begun.
Bruce: Oh, Julian.

 [Theresa Daydreaming]Ethan: You know, I'm still not sure how you convinced Julian to take me
back into the family.
Theresa: It was easy, really. I mean, I just asked him and he agreed.
He was really nice.
Ethan: Are you sure? I mean, Julian doesn't do anything, especially
something this big, unless there's something in it for him. What really
happened?

Theresa: It's going to be all right. I mean, Mr.. Crane would never try
to -- no. I'm going to be fine. I would do anything for Ethan.
Julian: Ah. Theresa, where were we?
Theresa: I was asking you if you could possibly take Ethan back into
your family.
Julian: Well, you have to admit it's a tall order inasmuch as Ethan
isn't a biological crane, but I'm willing to be convinced.
Theresa: Oh, Mr.. Crane, Julian, thank you. Thank you.
Julian: Bit of champagne?
Theresa: Oh, I -- I shouldn't, i shouldn't.
Julian: Oh, nonsense. We should have a toast to your success in
convincing me to adopt Ethan as my son. Besides, i hate to drink alone.
Theresa: Oh.

Kay: I'm going to need your help tonight. I just need you to make sure
that nobody comes near Miguel's tent.
Simone: Uh-uh, uh-uh. No, no way. No. You are on your own with this
one.
Kay: After everything that i've done to help you out with Chad, you --
Simone: Forget it, Kay. What you're doing is wrong, and I'm not going
to help you do it. Good-bye.
Charity: I hope I'm wrong about Theresa, but I see death and
destruction, a terrible fire, and it's happening soon. So soon.

Tabitha: Oh, we made it, thank Hades! Not only did we escape the
warlocks, but we tricked Norma!
Timmy: MarTimmys, here we come!
Tabitha: Yes, it's home sweet home for us, Tim Tim.
Norma: I don't know your friends, the warlocks. But I have a feeling
they're going to be very happy to find your bodies. Unfortunately, I can't
leave them your heads. Father wants them.
Tabitha: Time to go, Timmy. Cast off.
Timmy: Aye-aye, captain.

Luis: You feel any better?
Sheridan: I feel silly getting upset over an eerie sound the fire made.

Luis: Yeah. Hey, you know, when I was a kid, we used to sit around the
fire and we would tell stories about what we saw.
Sheridan: That sounds like fun.
Luis: Yeah, it was. And you know what I see?
Sheridan: What?
Luis: I see a boat. I see a boat sailing on the sparkling sea, and you
know what I see in that boat? I see two people. I see two people who love
each other so much that nothing can ever tear them apart.

Miguel: Charity, I want to know about Theresa. What's happening to her?

Charity: No, Theresa. Don't take that drink. No.
Miguel: What drink? And who is she with?
Charity: I don't know. But if she takes that drink, Miguel, she's going
to regret it for the rest of her life.

Theresa: Are you sure it's bad luck to make a toast with water?
Julian: Oh, I'm positive. Is there a problem?
Theresa: Well, I'm not really old enough to drink champagne.
Julian: In Bermuda you're old enough. And besides, you don't want to
risk having bad luck, do you?
Theresa: Well, no. But --
Julian: I don't think there's really any point in discussing Ethan's
future. It was nice seeing you, Theresa.
Theresa: No, please, don't go. Of course I will make a toast to Ethan's
future. I would do anything for him. [Julian makes a popping sound]
[Theresa laughs]
Theresa: Bubbles -- they tickle my nose.
Julian: That's what's so fun about champagne.
Theresa: Thank you for listening to me. It would mean the world to
Ethan if you would just take him back. And then i could go through with
the wedding knowing that I made up for causing Ethan so much pain.
Julian: Well, I can certainly see your logic, but you must admit it's a
tall order. But I'm willing to be convinced.
Theresa: Well, I am willing to spend the whole night convincing you.
[Julian laughs]
Julian: Well, it may just take the whole night. Perhaps we should have
another toast -- to Ethan's possibly bright future.
Theresa: Um -- I really shouldn't have any more.
Julian: Oh, don't be silly. You barely had a drop. To Ethan's future.
Theresa: To Ethan's future.




  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Tuesday 8/7/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
 Tuesday 8/7/01
  Provided by Stephanie
		Proofread By  Elissia
Grace: Thank you. Where'd this come from?
Pilar: From the rectory. Grace, Grace, explain to me -- how is it
possible that you could be married to somebody else other than Sam?
Grace: His name's David Hastings. He came to Harmony after he saw my
picture in a national magazine.
Pilar: And he claims that he was married to you before you ever knew
Sam?
Grace: The first time I saw him I passed out. You know, I kept telling
myself that it was because he startled me. But now I'm afraid that the
truth is my subconscious knew that he was my husband. And if I am not
married to Sam, our marriage isn't legal. My whole life is a lie.
Sam: What are you doing here, Ivy?
Ivy: I like to come here sometimes when I need to clear my head. Looks
like you had the Same idea.
Sam: "Clear my head." Now, there's the understatement of the year.
Ivy: I know what's upsetting you.
Sam: You do?
Ivy: Same thing that's troubling me -- that two-faced scheming little
tramp, Theresa, and what she did to our son.

Julian: Whoops. Man: Looks like we may owe Julian crane that box of
cigars after all.
Second Man: I'll be damned. It looks like he's actually making headway
with that babe-a-licious cupcake -- mmm. Who would have thought a doll
like that would give an old lecher like Julian the time of day?
Bruce: Well, I am not shelling out any money for his stogies just yet.
He's got to get her in the sack to win the bet. He has got a long way to
go before that. Man: Yeah.
Second Man: That's it.
Julian: Ah.
Theresa: Oh. Thanks, anyway, but I've really had enough.
Julian: Oh -- nonsense, my dear. Oh, thank you. You're away from --
ahem -- home and all of its silly laws about having to be 21 to imbibe.
Besides, this is the best champagne in the house. I'd hate to see it go to
waste.
Theresa: Oh. Well, it's just that I want to keep a clear head while i
talk to you about Ethan.
Julian: Oh, yes, Ethan.
Theresa: Even though I wasn't the person who exposed Ethan's paternity
to the press, I did keep the truth from him when I shouldn't have, which
is why I feel so guilty about Ethan losing his lifelong identity as a
crane.
Julian: Yes. Yes, I see.
Theresa: That's why it's so important to me to convince you to take
Ethan back into the family -- and even if it takes all night.
Julian: Yes, you know, I -- I was just thinking that it might.

Charity: Poor Theresa. She took one sip and now she's going to regret
it for the rest of her life.
Miguel: Charity, I don't know what you're talking about, but you need
to stop. You're scaring me.
Charity: I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said anything about
your sister.
Miguel: You can't help what you see.
Reese: Let's look on the bright side. I mean, at least with your
premonitions, now we're way ahead of the game. We can be up at first
light, take the boat back to Harmony, and make sure everyone's ok.

Kay: I thought you were washing your hands of me.
Simone: I came back to talk you out of your insane scheme! You cannot
seduce Miguel and get pregnant just to get him away from Charity!
Kay: Well, I don't see why not. Charity's probably not even going to be
around by the time we leave here anyway. Miguel's going to be grateful to
have me and a little bambino on the way. [Simone gasps]

Charity: There it is again -- the fire. It's a horrible fire. It's
coming, and there's nothing we can do about it.

Tabitha: Ooh, we did it, Tim Tim! A turn or two at the wheel and we'll
be home free, safe from that Lizzie Borden wannabe. We'll be home in no
time, so break out the marTimmys, lad.
Norma: "Lizzie Borden wannabe"? Oh, it's not nice to hurt Norma's
feelings.

Sheridan: It all seems like a dream. Promise me we can come here when
we have our real honeymoon.
Luis: I promise.
Luis: What is it?
Sheridan: I don't know. I just got this feeling like I was in danger.

Waiter: Excuse me. Your father's on the phone again, sir.
Julian: God! For crying out loud. Will you excuse me, my dear?
Theresa: Oh, of course.
Julian: What is it, father?
Alistair: I just wanted to make certain that we understood one another.
You haven't overlooked anything that could foul up your plan at the last
minute?
Julian: I told you, everything is arranged. Sheridan will die in what
appears to be a tragic boating accident. And should Luis manage to
survive, he'll blame himself and die of a broken heart in time.
Alistair: You know, I've always felt that Sheridan was the weaker link
of my two children. I'd hate to come to realize that it was you all along.
Then I'd have to say [as Anne Robinson] good-bye [Normal voice] to you as
well. [Alistair laughs]
Julian: There's nothing to be concerned about, father. In a few hours,
Sheridan will be dead. Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could
lead me places and kiss the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and i
would fly on the wings of the bird i knew could take me highest breathe
in, breathe out you keep me alive you are the fire burning inside of me
you are my passion for life
Julian: Hello, boys.
Bruce: Hey.
Man: Good thing you got off the phone when you did. I was about to move
in on the tasty little morsel myself.
Julian: Forget it, Mac. This isn't a game for amateurs. You'd only
embarrass yourself. You just make sure that my box of Cuban cigars is at
the front desk in the morning.
Bruce: I'll be smoking them.
Julian: Sorry, my dear. Business.
Theresa: Oh, I understand. I mean, you're a very busy man.
Julian: Uh --
Theresa: I really appreciate your taking the time to hear me out about
why Ethan deserves to be reinstated as a crane.
Julian: Well, I'm open to anything you might want to say, dear. Or for
that matter, might want to do to a mutually satisfying conclusion to this
evening, hmm?
Theresa: Ok.

Kay: You can stop acting like the world's biggest prude, Simone. I'm
only doing what males and females have done with each other since Adam and
Eve. And I'm doing it with Miguel. [Simone gasps]
Miguel: Charity? Are you still having visions about Theresa?
Charity: I see Sheridan now, and Theresa's in the Same place. We have
to warn Sheridan. She's in terrible danger!
Sheridan: Sorry. I don't know what came over me.
Luis: I'm afraid whatever it was, it's getting to me now, too.
Sheridan: What, do you think we really could be in danger?
Luis: I don't know what it was. I guess I was just worried about
Theresa. I'd feel a hell of a lot better if I knew where she was.
Sheridan: I'm sure she and Ethan are back together. You know how much
they love each other.
Luis: Yeah. I just wish that was all it took.
Sheridan: Why, are you worried someone's trying to keep them apart?
Luis: You saw how furious Ivy was when she thought that Theresa
betrayed Ethan to that tabloid, and, well, who's to say that she or
someone else won't work overtime to try and keep them from being together?

Sheridan: I don't blame you for being worried, but it's not as if Ethan
and Theresa are up against the negative forces we were.
Luis: Yeah, you're right. At least now Ethan's not a crane, he doesn't
have to contend with Julian.
Sheridan: Yeah.
[Theresa giggles]
Julian: Ah. Good, isn't it?
Theresa: It's -- it's bubbly. I think I'm starting to like it.
Julian: Ooh. Oh! Here. Ah, thank you.
Timmy: Princess! Princess! Look what Timmy found!
Tabitha: Whoo-hoo! Well, well! Things are finally looking up. You could
whip us up a batch of marTimmys right now, Timmy.
Timmy: Timmy's never seen so many bottles.
Tabitha: Very impressive. Who'd have thought we'd luck into dean
martin's old boat?
Timmy: Who's dean martin?
Tabitha: Oh, never mind. Just fix me a drink.
Norma: Don't worry, father. They won't get off this boat alive. [As
father] you keep saying that, Norma, but I'm beginning to wonder if you're
capable of killing them. [Normal voice] oh. You'll see it, father. I'll do
it for you. Yeah.

Pilar: So Sam checked out all the information that was faxed from
Connecticut?
Grace: He spoke to the records department on the phone. They said
there's a marriage license on file in Hartford and that it says I am
legally married to David Hastings. Sam says he's going to keep checking it
out, but I don't know what difference that's going to make. I mean, David
even knew about my twin sister, faith.
Pilar: Yeah, but he could have read about her in the article or on the
internet, Grace.
Grace: Yeah, that's what Sam says. But I don't know. I mean, he knew
little things about me, like I put honey in my tea, the way I tilt my head
when I read. You should see the way he looks at me, Pilar. You know, I've
always been afraid that something would come out of my past to haunt me,
something that I couldn't remember because of my amnesia. Well, now it's
here. This man has come out of nowhere and claims that I'm his wife.
What's going to happen to Sam and me? I'm scared, Pilar. And I know that
Sam is scared, too.
Sam: Don't slam Theresa to me. Now, I've known that girl her whole
life, and I don't buy for a second that she's the one who sent the e-mail
about me being Ethan's father to the tabloid.
Ivy: Sam, how can you say that when she has admitted that she knew the
information before it was published?
Sam: Look, there is a big difference between mistakenly keeping a
secret and intentionally trying to hurt someone. Now, Theresa loves Ethan.
Now, why would she put him or any of us through what we've been through?
Ivy: Fine. You know what? I don't want to stand here and argue with you
about Theresa. My concern is Ethan and what he still has to go through.
It's bad enough that he found out he wasn't a crane the way he did, but
having his wedding fall apart at the very last minute so publicly -- I
just want him to know that he has two parents who love and care about him
and will stand behind him no matter what.
Sam: Well, that goes without saying.
Ivy: Good, because I'm really afraid that he is not going to give up on
Theresa because he's afraid he has no other place to turn.
Sam: What do you want me to do?
Ivy: I would like you just to talk to him. I mean, maybe if he knows he
has a loving father and mother, he'll make better decisions.
Sam: All right. I'll -- I'll call him and see if he's free for dinner
this week.
Ivy: Good. I'd like to go along. Look, Sam, this is not about us, all
right? This is about Ethan and what he needs. It's about putting up a
united front for his sake.
Sam: I swear, Ivy, if you're using Ethan to get close to me --
Ivy: No, I'm not, Sam. Believe me. It took me a very long time, but I
have learned my lesson. I am never going to try to come between you and
Grace again. You two -- you have a rock-solid marriage that can never be
torn apart by anything or anyone.
Luis: I still don't believe your brother's sudden turnaround.
Sheridan: You mean showing up at our wedding when we're about to get
married?
Luis: Yeah. And how are we supposed to suddenly believe that he's in
our corner after everything that he and your father did to try and break
us up?
Sheridan: I don't know. But, you know, Julian really did seem sincere
with his apology. You must think I'm so terribly naive when it comes to my
family.
Luis: No, I just think that you're terribly decent. And you're too good
to think that anyone could do something so treacherous. Hey, no more talk
about Julian on our practice honeymoon, ok?
Sheridan: Hey, you know, speaking of practice, I want to make sure we
get everything right for when we do this for real, don't we?
Luis: Yeah. Absolutely. Well, that could take a lot of rehearsal.
Sheridan: Yeah.
Luis: Land, water, water, land. Sand, sea.
Sheridan: Even our bed.
Luis: I am suddenly getting very sleepy.
Sheridan: Well, last one to the room has to give the other a full body
massage.
Luis: Hmm. Now, that's a contest I like. What do you say we stop by the
bar and get a little champagne?
Sheridan: Mmm.
Theresa: There's another reason I think it would be smart of you to
take Ethan back into the family.
Julian: And what's that?
Theresa: Ethan's a wonderful lawyer. I mean, I am sure he was an
enormous help to you at crane industries once he graduated from law school
and joined you at the firm.
Julian: Oh, yes, indeed.
Theresa: He loved working there. And, well, he already knows the
corporation's ins and outs like the back of his own hand. You must miss
having him there.
Julian: Yes, Ethan was a natural. I always thought of him as a chip off
the old block, his conscience notwithstanding. He had that killer instinct
for negotiation. Oh.
Theresa: He could be negotiating deals tomorrow if you took him back as
your son. I knew if I could just speak to you alone, I might be able to
get through to you.
Julian: You are a very astute young woman.
Theresa: Thank you. Like I said, I will do whatever it takes to
convince you that I'm not wasting your time.
Julian: I may just hold you to that, Theresa. Mac: Oh, man, she must be
half his age. Man: Half? If you ask me, she looks like jailbait. He better
check her I.D.
Bruce: No, no, no, he said he knows her, and she's got to be legal.
I'll be damned if I know why she's giving him the time of day.
Mac: Can
you spell "sugar daddy"?
Sheridan: They sound like charming people.
Luis: Yeah, that's just what I want to hear when my kid sister's on my
mind. Hate to think of my sister as alone in the world when there are
leeches like that running around.
Mac: Hey, you remember the girl's name? Because when daddio gets up, I
just may saunter on over there and introduce myself.
Man: Oh, really? Wait a minute, wait a minute. Maria.
Mac: No.
Bruce: No, no, no, no, no. It was like that, though. It was something
like that, though. Wait, but I got it, I got it!
Man: We're waiting. What's hot pants' name? . I'm confusing her with a
gal I got together with last time I was down here.
Mac: Was that divorce number two or three?
Bruce: Like I remember? No, the only thing that sticks in my mind about
that drip is there's more than one way to enjoy a trampoline.
Man: Oh, spare us the gory details.
Luis: Talk about sleazy.
Sheridan: Yeah.
Bartender: Sir?
Luis: Yes. We would like a bottle of your best champagne, please, and
we're going to take it to our room.
Bartender: Of course, sir. I'll have that for you in a moment.
Luis: We'll be sitting right over there.
Bartender: No problem.
Luis: Thank you.
Theresa: Oh. I really shouldn't have another drop.
Waiter: It sounds like you and Mr. Crane want to get back to your
room. [Julian chuckles]
Theresa: Oh, my. He thinks that --
Julian: What, we're here together?
Theresa: I -- I never thought about what people might assume if they
saw us together drinking champagne and everything.
Julian: Nonsense, my dear. The waiter was just flattering me in hopes
of getting a bigger tip.
Theresa: Really?
Julian: Yes.
Theresa: I would hate for anyone to get the wrong idea. I mean, you're
so rich and famous, the gossip could get all the way back home.
Julian: Darling, what a charming and overactive imagination you have.
Here we are on this beautiful island about as far away from Harmony as you
can get, and no one could possibly know if we spend the evening together.
Theresa: Ok.
Bartender: Enjoy the rest of your evening, sir.
Luis: Thank you. We will. Ah.
Sheridan: Thank you.
Theresa: Oh, that's a relief.
Sheridan: What? Did you forget something?
Luis: No. I just thought I heard my sister's voice.
Sheridan: Theresa? What would she be doing here?
Simone: That's not funny. [Simone gasps]
Simone: Oh, my God! Are you crazy? Come on, you are halfway --
Kay: Naked? Simone, that is the usual state for people when they make
love.
Simone: Oh, get real! Miguel's is not going to make love to you tonight
or any other night. He loves Charity.
Kay: He loves me, too, Simone.
Simone: As a friend.
Kay: He just needs a little nudge to figure out that I'm the one he
wants to spend the rest of his life with. Trust me, after tonight,
Miguel's going to be saying, "Charity who?"
Jessica: What's that?
Miguel: It looks like some kind of light moving through the woods.
Reese: I bet I know what it is. I bet that that's the same light that
lured the fishermen away from the beach all those years ago. [Reese
cackles loudly]
Jessica: Oh!
Miguel: Cool it, Reese. All right, it's probably just an optical
illusion. You know, we're seeing the moon's reflection off of the water.
Jessica: Right. Then why does it keep getting brighter?
Timmy: Princess? Are the lights on the island getting brighter, or is
it just Timmy?
Tabitha: Right you are, matey. We got back on this boat in the nick of
time. The warlocks appear to be getting restless, ready to strike.
Timmy: Princess doesn't think they'll go after the kids, does she?
Tabitha: Who cares, as long as they don't go after us. Maybe if we get
really lucky, they'll go after Norma. Then we'd never have to worry about
that old psycho battle-ax ever again.
Norma: Norma's father doesn't like it when you call her names! [Timmy
whimpers]
Tabitha: No.
Sheridan: Oh, honey, this is all my fault. My paranoia's rubbing off on
you and making you hear things.
Luis: Well, I could have sworn I heard my sister's voice. But you're
right. That's crazy, right? What would she be doing here?
Sheridan: Yeah. I mean, if she and Ethan had reconciled and flown down,
we would have heard.
Luis: Right. Let's go back to the room.
Theresa: I wouldn't be asking you to take Ethan back if I didn't
believe that it was something you wanted to do yourself deep down. Maybe I
shouldn't be saying this, but I saw the pain in your face the night that
you found out Ethan wasn't your son.
Julian: It was the worst night of my life.
Theresa: That's why I am begging you to take Ethan back as your son, to
let him use the Crane name again, you know, to be the man he always
thought he was. I mean, you still love him, don't you?
Julian: He was my first-born. Yes, that's how I always thought of him.
You really love him, don't you?
Theresa: With all of my heart.
Julian: Yes. I can see it in your eyes every time you say his name.
It's too bad I never married someone who loved me the same way. Still, I
hooked up with Ivy. [Clock chimes]
Julian: Well, what do you know? It's midnight. I'm a free man. My
divorce from Ivy is final. [Julian laughs]
Bruce: All right!
Theresa: I'm sorry. I mean, no matter how you felt about Ivy, the end
of a marriage is always sad.
Julian: Not in this case, darling, trust me. I've never felt better.
Bon voyage. Join me in a toast.
Theresa: Oh. Oh. I've -- I've had way too much already.
Julian: Well, then one more isn't going to hurt at all. To my freedom
from Ivy.
[Clock chimes]
Ivy: Oh. Well, what do you know. It's tomorrow. I'm divorced.
Sam: I don't know what to say.
Ivy: Yeah, I don't know what to say either. All of a sudden, I don't
know who I am. I mean, it's not like I loved being Mrs.. Julian crane, but
-- well, I'm not sure I know how to be anybody else. Well, I had better
get home and pack because Julian would like me out of the mansion before
he returns.
Sam: Well, where would you go?
Ivy: I have no idea. I don't know. I can't exactly move in with Ethan,
can i? I mean, he doesn't even have a place of his own. Oh, well. I'll be
fine. I'll find someplace. Really, it's Ethan I'm worried about. I don't
know what he's going to do, Sam, because no one will hire him. They're all
afraid of Julian and Alistair. Oh, God, what have I done? What have I done
to everybody I care about and everyone? What have I done to our son?
Grace: I just thank God that the kids are away on their camping trip.
Pilar: They don't know about this David Hastings?
Grace: Jessica met him, but, no, they don't know. You know, they've
been through so much these last couple of months that they think all the
bad times are behind them. How am I ever going to tell them that I might
not be legally married to their father? How are they going to feel when
they find out that they're illegitimate? I might lose my family, Pilar. I
might lose the only family that I have ever known.

Ivy: Oh. Oh. Oh, don't. Don't. Oh. No, I'm -- I'm sorry. Thank you.
Thank you for trying to make me feel better, really, but the last thing I
need to do is feel comfortable in your arms.
Sam: Ivy --
Ivy: Your touch -- no, it just -- it brings back way too many memories.
And I -- i've lost so much already. I mean, I've lost my marriage and my
son's identity. I don't need to be reminded of what else I lost.
Sam: Yeah, well, there's nothing like feeling you've lost the love of
your life.
Ivy: You haven't lost Grace, Sam. Your marriage -- it survived my very
best efforts. I mean, please. Grace found out you lied to her about me,
and still, you managed to stay together. That is an amazing
accomplishment.
Sam: Yeah, well, I'd hold off on the congratulations for a while yet.
Ivy: What do you mean?
Sam: Well, everyone's going to know soon enough, so I might as well
tell you.
Jessica: The lights are getting dimmer.
Reese: Maybe you're right, Miguel. Maybe it was just the moonlight
reflecting off the water.
Miguel: Yeah. Did you send the e-mails to Sheridan and Theresa?
Reese: They didn't go through. The server must be down.
Charity: But Sheridan could die, and Theresa's about to make a decision
that's going to affect her whole life! We have to warn them!
Reese: Shh, shh, it's ok.

Theresa: The bubbles tickle my nose. [Theresa and Julian laugh]
Julian: That's how you tell if it's really good champagne. Which --
ahem -- is only fitting, seeing that we're both celebrating our freedom --
mine from Ivy with my divorce becoming final, and yours from Ethan now
that your wedding fell apart.
Theresa: Oh. Oh. No. This is totally different. I mean, you wanted a
divorce. I still plan on marrying Ethan as soon as I get back to Harmony
and tell him that you've decided to reinstate him as your son. That's what
I'm doing here, Julian.
Julian: Right. Come here, dear. Right you are. But I must say, you
haven't quite won me over yet.
Theresa: Then I will try harder because I am not giving up until I
convince you that this is the right thing to do.
Julian: Yes. Oh. It's the noise. I want to be able to hear you better.
Theresa: Oh. Well, why don't we just go someplace quieter, like --
Julian: Like my room? Oh, thanks. Good idea. We'll continue our
discussion there, yes.
Timmy: Norma's going to chop Timmy and tabby's heads off!
Norma: Oh, you should be so lucky to have such a fast and painless
death. No. I've changed my mind. I'm going to burn you both to a crisp!
Ugh!
Tabitha: Oh, no! [Norma laughs]
Norma: Ah, yes! Ugh!
Tabitha: Help! Somebody help! [Norma laughs loudly]
Timmy: Please don't burn Timmy! He's highly flammable!
Norma: What's that, you say? Oh! You need a light? Yes! [Norma
cackles]

Ivy: I don't know what you're talking about, Sam. What will everyone
know soon enough?
Sam: Something happened, something that will affect my marriage to
Grace in a big way.
Ivy: I don't know what you're talking about.
Sam: A man -- a man named David Hastings popped into town, claims to
have been married to Grace before i met her.
Ivy: What? Wait. Can that be true?
Sam: Look, I don't know. I don't know what to believe, but I got a fax
of the marriage license that was filed in Hartford with this guy and
Grace's names on it.
Ivy: A marriage license?

Sam: So, for all intents and purposes, Grace could be married to
someone else.
Luis: If only this was the real deal.
Sheridan: Oh, we'll be on our real honeymoon soon enough. And when we
get back, we are going to plan another double wedding with Ethan and
Theresa.
Luis: Yeah? You're that sure they're going to work things out?
Sheridan: Don't you know by now? True love conquers anything that
anyone throws in its path.
Luis: Oh.
Sheridan: Anything.
Alistair: Were you able to double-check my son's plan for tomorrow?
Man: Down to the last detail, sir. You'll be glad to know that everything
is in order, just as he said it was.
Alistair: Well, well. Perhaps for once my son won't let me down. You're
excused. Man: Yes, sir. Good night, sir.
Alistair: Sheridan. You were always so pretty. Darling, it's
unfortunate you had such terrible taste in men. Enjoy your last night on
earth, my daughter. [Julian hums]
Julian: Oh, well. Are you ready to go up to my room?
Theresa: Uh -- well, there are so many other quiet places we could
talk.
Julian: Listen, none would ensure that we won't be interrupted. I mean,
you were serious about convincing me to take Ethan back into the fold,
weren't you?
Theresa: Yes, yes, absolutely.
Julian: Well, then --

Mac: There it is, he's lowered the line.Man:
Bottom of the ninth, she's thinking about taking the nibble.
Bruce: Whoa! He's got a bite!
Mac: Hey, watch him reel her in.
Man:
Yes.

Theresa: I told myself when I flew down here that I wasn't going to
give up until I persuaded you to take Ethan back.
Julian: That's the spirit, Theresa. Never say die when you know what
you're after. Easy, darling. [Julian laughs]
Julian: These poor losers sitting at the bar.

Man: The master.
Bruce: The king.
Mac: El jefe.

Miguel: Hey. It's late, and there's nothing else we can do tonight. And
chances are that Theresa and Sheridan are safe and sound asleep by now.
We'll take the boat back to Harmony at daybreak, and we'll get a hold of
them.
Jessica: Yeah, well, I vote that we all turn in. That way we can leave
here first thing.
Reese: Where'd Kay and Simone go? Kay? I wonder where they could have
gotten off to.
Charity: Oh. What if my premonitions weren't about Sheridan and Theresa
and they were about Kay and Simone?
Miguel: Hold on, hold on. Look, they've got to be around here
somewhere. Let's check the tents.
Jessica: Good idea.
Reese: Kay? [Simone gasps]
Simone: Don't look now, Kay, but you're about to have company. If
Charity catches you in Miguel's sleeping bag naked, you are going to be so
busted.
[Norma laughs]
Tabitha: Norma! Norma, don't! If it's an apology you want, that can be
arranged!
Timmy: Timmy never meant to hurt Norma's daddy! No!
Norma: What a lovely day for a barbecue. [Norma cackles]
Tabitha: Oh, my great goblins. She's really going to kill us! [Norma
laughs and cackles]



 Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;
&nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Wednesday 8/8/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
 Wednesday 8/8/01
  Provided by Stephanie
		Proofread By  Elissia



Ivy: Oh, yes. Of course it could.
Sam: I'm going to check into it. I'm going to make sure.
Ivy: Why don't you just give this David Hastings person a lie detector
test, and then you'll know if he's telling you the truth.
Sam: We already did.
Ivy: And?
Sam: He passed with flying colors.
Ivy: He did? Oh. Sam, I am sorry. I really am. I know you're going to
be devastated if you find out that your marriage to Grace isn't legal.
Ivy's voice: Sam's marriage not legal?
Pilar: Grace, you have to pray for strength to deal with the
possibility that Sam may not legally be your husband.
Grace: If only I didn't have amnesia. If only I could remember the
first 20 years of my life. You know, I don't know if David Hastings is my
husband or not! But if he is, if I am legally David's wife, it'll tear my
life and Sam's life and my children's lives apart.
Kay: Well, are Charity and Miguel still looking for me?
Simone: Yes, they're checking all the tents.
Kay: Well, you have to head them off, Simone. Charity's going to freak
if she finds me in here half-naked.
Simone: So get dressed and we'll get out of here.
Kay: No, I will hide, but I'm not leaving.
Simone: Are you crazy?
Kay: Yeah -- crazy in love. And later tonight when Miguel comes to bed,
he's going to find me in here waiting for him. We're going to make love,
I'm going to get pregnant, and we'll be together forever.
Simone: What about Charity?
Kay: After tonight, Miguel's not even going to remember who Charity is.

Simone: I cannot believe that you still intend to go through with this.
Getting pregnant to snag Miguel -- that is wrong as wrong can be.
Kay: And to think i was just going to name you my baby's Godmother.
Simone: I will be the star witness at Charity's murder trial after she
finds you in here naked. Kay, she will not only freak out, she will kill
you.
Charity: Miguel, I hope my vision isn't about Kay and Simone.
Miguel: I mean, how could it when you said that you saw Sheridan and
Theresa in danger?
Reese: Try not to worry, Charity. I'm sure we'll find Kay and Simone
and they'll be just fine.
Charity: Oh.
Charity: Oh. Oh --
Jessica: What is it, Charity? What?
Charity: The fire -- it's here! The fire is here!

Tabitha: Oh, damn that nut case Norma for outsmarting us. Oh.
Timmy: Timmy wonders what went wrong.
Tabitha: Norma must've overheard us planning to use this boat to escape
warlock island. And then she beat us back here, locked us in, and set this
tub on fire.
Timmy: Timmy and tabby have to find a way out!
Tabitha: Oh, or go down in flames, literally!
Norma: See, father? I told you Timmy and Tabitha were done for --
well-done, judging by the looks of those flames. [As father] they will
die, Norma, and you, my murderous little sweet pea, will have killed them!



Chad: Hey, Ethan. How you holding up, man?
Whitney: Still no word from Theresa?
Ethan: No. I'm really worried about her. I mean, I keep calling her on
her cell phone, and she has it turned off.
Whitney: You know, I'm really sorry.
Chad: Yeah, that's tough, man.
Ethan: Well, and it's not like either of you have heard from her. I
mean, if you had, you would've told me.
Whitney: No, no, Theresa. Do not even tell me that you followed Julian
Crane to Bermuda.
Theresa: Ok, Whitney. Please don't tell Ethan. I mean, I want it -- I
want to surprise him when I tell him that Mr.. Crane wants to welcome him
back into the family.

Ethan: I think I'm going to call another one of her friends, you know,
see if they've heard from her.
Chad: Whitney. Come on, you've got to tell Ethan that Theresa called
you. You got to tell him that she went to Bermuda with this crazy idea to
convince Mr.. Crane to adopt him.
Whitney: Chad, I can't say anything. I promised Theresa that i
wouldn't.
Chad: Oh, my God, you and your promises. Whitney, look at Ethan. Look
at him. Now, you see how worried he is? Come on. You can't keep him in the
dark like this.
Whitney: You know, what if I gave him some kind of subtle --
Ethan: All right. Talked to Theresa's friend Gail. She hasn't heard
from her either. Where is she? Why hasn't she called? I just hope she's
not in trouble.
Theresa: Oops.
Julian: Whoa.
Theresa: Ooh. [Julian chuckles]
Theresa: I guess I had more champagne than i thought.
Julian: Nonsense, my dear. Only a few lucky sips made their way past
your lips and down your throat. But not to fret. We'll have more bubbly in
my room.
Theresa: Oh, no. Thank you. Mr. Crane, i am only going into your room
so we can talk in a quiet place about you taking Ethan back into the
family.
Julian: Well, fair warning -- your lips have their work cut out for
them this evening.
Theresa: Oh. Well, I don't care because i am not leaving your room
until I've convinced you that adopting Ethan is the only fair and right
thing to do.
Julian: Well, we can stay in my room together all night long if that's
what you want.
Theresa: Oh! That's exactly what I want!
Julian: Hmm.
Sheridan: This has been such a gloriously romantic day.
Luis: Hmm. And tomorrow is going to be wonderful, too, going down to
the cove on that boat i chartered -- it's going to be a blast.
Sheridan: I can't wait.
Luis: Me, either. But, you know, right now, I was thinking we could
take a nice, long shower together, hmm?
Sheridan: I love the way you think.
Luis: Hmm.
Sheridan: I love you.
Luis: I love you, too.
[Telephone rings]
Bartender: Hello? I believe he still is, sir. Just a moment.
Bartender: Mr. Crane?
Julian: Yes?
Bartender: You have a call, sir.
Julian: Oh. Yes, thank you. Here, dear. You sit right here. I'll be
back. [Julian chuckles]
Julian: Ooh. Hello?
Alistair: Bravo, son. Bravo.
Julian: Father, is that you?
Alistair: Indeed it is, Julian. My sources tell me that your plan to
kill Sheridan is all set, that you've taken care of everything.
Julian: You sound surprised, father.
Alistair: Well, I am. You know, you hold the world's record for
screwing up.
Julian: Not this time. Sheridan's death will look like an accident. And
if Luis doesn't die with her, he'll blame himself for her demise.
Alistair: Excellent.
Julian: I take no pleasure in what I&#39;ve done, father, but the bottom
		line is this -- in a matter of hours my sister, your daughter, will be
		dead. And any problems caused by a Crane co-mingling with a Lopez
		Fitzgerald will cease as well.

Chad: Look, I'll give Theresa points for spunk. I mean, flying to
Bermuda and trying to get Mr.. Crane to take Ethan back as a Crane? The
thing is, I don't think it's going to fly.
Whitney: Yeah, well, I don't, either. I'm just worried about Theresa
being alone with Mr.. Crane. I mean, you know how he accidentally ended up
in her room last time she and Ethan were in Bermuda.
Chad: Yeah, I heard, in a pirate costume, no less.
Whitney: Yeah. And if Ethan hadn't have been there, this --
Chad: Yeah, I know. I hear you, I hear you. I mean, Mr.. Crane is
definitely a pig when it comes to women. Whitney, nothing's going to stop
him from getting what he wants, and that's why you've got to tell Ethan
where Theresa is and what she's doing.
Whitney: Chad, I already told you I can't do that. I promised Theresa i
wouldn't say anything.
Chad: Well, look, a promise don't count when a friend is doing
something that could hurt them.
Whitney: You know, who are you, my mom?
Chad: No. But, you know, maybe you should call your mom, see what she
thinks you should do.
Whitney: Oh, come on. Are you kidding me? Mom and dad can't stand Mr..
Crane. They think he's a complete and utter --
Chad: Piece of dirt. Look, face the facts, Whitney. Theresa is in way
over her head. You got to tell Ethan.
Ethan: Tell me what, Whitney? Have you heard from Theresa?
Julian: Sorry, my dear. Another bloody business call. Very bloody, in
fact.
Theresa: Oh, I understand, Mr.. Crane. Like I said before, you have
many, many responsibilities. And, oh, if you take Ethan back as your son,
well, he could help you like he used to.
Julian: That's definitely food for thought. Speaking of food, I forgot
to ask that caviar be sent up to my room along with the champagne. I'll be
back tout de suite, my sweet. [Men laugh]
Julian: Oh, deux champagne. In case you gentlemen haven't noticed,
Theresa and i are heading up to my room.
Bruce: Oh, we noticed, you lucky stiff.
Julian: Ah, indeed.
Mac: You're the king, Julian, hands down.
Julian: Bottoms up. Much as I appreciate these accolades, i have a long
night ahead of me. Time to close the deal, so to speak.
Man: Ah, we get it.
Julian: As will I, and soon.
Mac: Oh, that sweet young thing doesn't stand a chance once Julian gets
her alone in his room.
Julian: Here, dear. Bubbly? There you are. You're fine.
Theresa: Ok.
Julian: Come, my sweet.
Charity: The fire is here!
Miguel: Can you tell us where the fire is exactly?
Charity: No. But it's close. It's very close.

Norma: [Normal voice] oh. Your buttercup did it, father. I finally
killed Timmy and Tabitha. Oh! Oh, daddy! Oh!
Timmy: Timmy can't find a way out!
Tabitha: Then we'll just have to make one, Timmy.
Tabitha: Oh. Damn the consumer product safety commission. It's fast
becoming like an oven in here. We're going to be roasted to a turn long
before the flames actually reach us.
Timmy: No!
Norma: Oh!
Ivy: Sam, you know I'll always be here for you. Not that i think you're
going to need my friendship. Grace loves you so much. She's never going to
turn her back on you for another man, even a man who claims to be her
first legal husband.
Sam: Well, I'm not worried about myself. I know Hastings is a scam
artist, and I'm going to prove it. But I'll be damned if I let this guy
continue to wreak havoc in Grace's life.
Ivy: And yours and your family's.
Sam: Yeah, I'm going to stop this mess before it goes any further.
Ivy: Oh, wow. Imagine what will happen if you don't.
Sam: Look, I'm going to find Grace, talk to her.
Ivy: I understand.
Grace: I got to find Sam. I need to talk to him.
Pilar: Oh, Grace. David Hastings isn't your only problem. Once Ivy
learns that you may have been married to somebody else and -- I've got to
find her. I've got to convince her to stay on the course that she set for
herself to leave Sam alone.

Charity: We need to find Kay and Simone really soon. This vision of
fire I'm having is making me really nervous.
Miguel: Ok, um -- we'll check my tent, and then we'll split up, ok?
Reese: Kay!
Jessica: Uh --
Reese: Kay!
Jessica: Simone! Where are you?
Simone: Oh, my God -- they're coming this way! They're coming this way!

Kay: Head them off. Tell them you're in here looking for me or
something.
Simone: What if Charity senses that I'm lying and she looks in here
anyway? If Charity finds you in here halfway naked in Miguel's sleeping
bag, she will kill you. And I bet you Jessica and Reese will help her.
Kay: Simone, would you just chill out? You're way too fired up about
this.

Timmy: Timmy's getting hotter, princess.
Tabitha: Oh. That's because the flames are getting closer, lad.
Timmy: Timmy's afraid.
Tabitha: Timmy will be toast if we don't find a way out of here.
Timmy: It's no use, princess. All the doors are locked and the windows
won't open tabby, look what Timmy found!
Tabitha: Well, I'll be damned!
Timmy: No news there. Timmy will lead his princess to safety. Oh, no.
The opening's not big enough for tabby to go through. What are Timmy and
tabby going to do?
Tabitha: I'll tell you what we're going to do. You're going to escape,
flee to safety as fast as the little legs i made can carry you!
Timmy: But what about tabby?
Tabitha: Well, you're going to live, lad. You're going to live for the
both of us.

Ethan: What's going on? Do you know where Theresa is?
Whitney: Um -- well --
Chad: Come on, Whitney. Just tell him.
Ethan: Tell me what?
Whitney: Well, to tell you the truth, i -- I did hear from Theresa
earlier tonight.
Ethan: Whitney, why didn't you tell me?
Whitney: I am so sorry, Ethan, but she made me promise that i wouldn't
tell you a thing. And here i am again, breaking another promise.
Chad: Well, I didn't exactly give you an option.
Ethan: Look, ok. So where is she?
Whitney: Theresa's In Bermuda
Ethan: What is she doing down there?
Whitney: Ok. Ok, look. You know how Theresa blames herself for the
tabloid finding out that you weren't a Crane, even though she swears she
had nothing to do with tipping off the tabloid.
Ethan: Yeah, and I believe her.
Whitney: Ok. So Theresa wants to make up for the mess that she thinks
she made. So she got this crazy idea that she could go talk to Julian
Crane and convince him to adopt you so that you could be a Crane again.
Ethan: What?
Whitney: I know, I know. I told her that it was ridiculous.
Ethan: Yes. Yes, it -- to Theresa, it probably makes perfect sense. But
I still don't understand why she's in Bermuda.
Whitney: Julian went back to Bermuda to finalize his divorce to your
mom.
Ethan: Oh, my God. My mother said Julian went to the islands to
finalize their divorce, but i didn't think she meant Bermuda.
Whitney: And Theresa went to the Same resort so that she could talk to
Julian.
Ethan: Oh, no. [Theresa screams]
Ethan: You son of a -- father?
Theresa: Mr. Crane?
Ethan: Theresa's so innocent. She's so trusting. There's no telling
what Julian could try to do to her.

Julian: [As Ricky Ricardo] Lucy, I'm home! Open the door! You got a lot
of splaining to do! [Julian laughs]
Theresa: Mr. Crane, I didn't know you could be so funny.
Julian: [Normal voice] well, I'm happy that I can tickle your fancy, my
dear.
Man: Hey, hold it down out there! People are trying to sleep!
Julian: Shh! If you continue to cause a scene, I'll have you arrested.
Tell me -- have you ever been handcuffed and strip-searched before?
Theresa: No, never!
Julian: First time for everything.
Theresa: Please. Let's just go into your room so we don't get into
trouble.
Julian: Oh, we won't get into trouble. I own this place, remember? We
can do whatever we like as loudly as we like without fear of reprisal.
Where is that key? Oh, no, that isn't it. Oh, here we are, dear. The key
to paradise.
Theresa: Paradise?
Julian: Yes, I mean, you will be in heaven if i adopt Ethan, won't you?

Theresa: Yes.
Julian: After you, my dear.
Theresa: Ok.
Julian: The view from here is tremendous.
Theresa: Oh. This is amazing.
Julian: Indeed.
Theresa: Oh. Mr. Crane, aren&#39;t you coming? Boy, are they going to be
		surprised.
Sam: Grace. Sweetheart, I love you so much.
Grace: I love you, too, Sam. I'm sorry I didn't feel like talking
earlier.
Sam: I understand.
Grace: I'm just so afraid. I mean, what if our whole wonderful life
together, our family -- what if it's all just --
Sam: Don't say that. Don't even think it. I'm going to fix it. I'll get
to the bottom of what's going on, starting with that marriage license. My
gut says that it's a fake, and I'll prove it.
Grace: But the lie detector test -- I mean, that wasn't a fake. We sat
there. We watched him.
Sam: Look, I told you how some people can control their emotions and
fool the machine. That's what David Hastings did. He's a damn sociopath.
Grace: I'm afraid he's not. Eve said so herself. He passed her
psychological exam.
Sam: Look, I don't care. Grace, this is some kind of a sick joke, an
elaborate hoax, and I'm going to prove it.
Grace: And what if you can't?
Sam: I will. I won't lose you, Grace. We won't lose our family, the
life that we've built together. I swear that on my love for you. I'll stay
here tonight. First thing in the morning, I'll get back to investigating
that marriage license. Grace, honey, what's wrong?
Grace: I'm just -- I'm not so sure it's a good idea that you stay here
tonight.
Sheridan: Well, that was the hottest shower i've ever taken.
Luis: I'll say. Well, maybe we can find some music to cool us down,
huh? Let's see here. [Music plays]
Luis: Tango. Sounds like divine intervention to me.
Sheridan: I highly doubt a tango will help us cool down.
Luis: I guess we'll just have to see. May I have this dance?
Sheridan: You may have anything you want.

Simone: Hey, guys! You guys looking for Kay, too?
Miguel: Yeah. We were wondering where you both went.
Simone: I was looking for Kay. But she's not in your tent, Miguel.
Charity: Simone, why do you seem so nervous right now?
Simone: Um --
Reese: Look, everybody! Fire!
Charity: That's the fire i saw in my vision! It's here!
Jessica: Looks like it's down by the dock.
Miguel: Maybe Kay is down there.
Reese: We'd better check.
Miguel: Come on!
Simone: I'll stay here just in case she -- she --

Tabitha: Go, Timmy, go. Save yourself. Norma won't even know you've
left. You can live for the both of us. Go, go, go.
Timmy: Timmy won't go. Life isn't worth living without his princess.
Tabitha: I'm touched, Timmy. I really am. But I can't let you stay here
and die.
Timmy: Timmy won't leave. Tabby, you gave him life. His will end with
yours.
Tabitha: Well, then, I guess we'll just go down with the ship together.

Norma: Die, Tabitha, die. And your little friend, too.
Sam: Grace, honey, you don't want me to stay here with you tonight?
Grace: Of course I want you to stay with me. But, Sam, what if I am
married to David?
Sam: You aren't married to him. I know that, and you know that, too.
Grace: That's just the problem, Sam. I don't know that anymore.
Sam: Grace, don't let him get to you. The one thing you knew for sure
after I saved you from that fire in Boston is that have anyone else in
your life. Even with your amnesia, you knew that. I believed you then, and
I believe you now. I am your husband, not David Hastings.
Grace: Yes, Sam, please stay with me tonight and hold me and tell me --
tell me that everything's going to be just fine.

Pilar: Ivy. I've been looking all over for you. There's something I
want to tell you, something i don't want you to hear from anyone else.
Ivy: I know, Pilar. I've already talked to Sam. It's -- it's amazing,
isn't it?

Ethan: Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald's room, please.
Man: Sorry, sir, it's after hours. No calls can be put through to
guests this late.
Ethan: I know. I'm Ethan Winthrop. I used to be Ethan Crane, and the
Cranes own the hotel.
Man: I know, sir, but you aren't a Crane anymore.
Ethan: It doesn't matter. This is an emergency.
Man: I wish I could help, but as you know, our guests come here for
privacy and romance. They don't want their phones ringing at all hours of
the night. I could take a message, or you could try calling ms. Lopez
Fitzgerald on her cell.
Ethan: I did, and she has it turned off. Will you please ring her room?

Man: I'm sorry, sir, we can't disturb a guest this late unless they've
left authorization to do so. I've checked, and ms. Lopez Fitzgerald left
no such authorization.
Ethan: Just ring her damn room, all right?
Man: I'm not paid to be sworn at, sir. Good night.
Ethan: No, wait -- the clerk hung up on me.
Chad: I guess you can't call back and leave a message now.
Ethan: Even if he took it, it would be too late. She wouldn't get it
till the morning, and i need to talk to her tonight.
Whitney: Well, maybe by some chance she could be in Julian's room?
Ethan: No, that's the last place Theresa would be. She knows better
than to go to Julian's room alone. She'd never do that. Never.
Theresa: The room -- the view -- it's amazing.
Julian: As are you, my dear. I've so enjoyed our talk tonight. You're
definitely getting closer to having me in your corner.
Theresa: What else can I do to sway you?
Julian: For starters -- [knock on door]
Julian: Who the hell -- would you excuse me?
Theresa: Sure.
Julian: Shh. Seduction in progress. Go find your own virgins to
deflower.
Man: Hey, a humble offering to the king from your devoted subjects.
Mac: With cigars to follow in the morning.
Bruce: We can't wait for a blow-by-blow recap of tonight's action.
Julian: Thank you for the bubbly. Now, get lost or there won't be
anything to recap.
Man: Be strong.
Mac: We're with you.
Julian: Thank you.
Theresa: Who was that?
Julian: That was room service. They sent up more champagne.
Theresa: Oh, no caviar?
Julian: Caviar?
Theresa: Mm-hmm.
Julian: Oh, they must have forgotten. Oh, well. Bottoms up.
Theresa: Oh, no, thank you. I've already had too much.
Julian: Oh, no. Just one more glass.
Theresa: Oh, yes.
Julian: You are getting so close to convincing me to take Ethan back as
my son. You're so very, very close, I can almost taste your sweet success.

Theresa: Oh! All right, Mr.. Crane.
Julian: Call me Julian.
Theresa: All right, Julian. But I am not having any more champagne
until you promise me you'll adopt Ethan.
Julian: You are a feisty one, Theresa, and i love feisty.
Theresa: I'm determined, that's all. I want something, and I want you
to give it to me.
Julian: Well. I guess we have a lot in common, then. [Julian laughs]
Sam: I'm glad you want me to stay here tonight. I love you, and I
always will.
Grace: I love you, too, Sam. And you are my husband. My God, it's true.
David: It's what I've been telling you all along, sweetheart. You're my
wife.
Sam: Grace. Honey, what's wrong? Tell me what's bothering you. I am
your husband.
Grace: Are you, Sam? Are you really my husband?
Pilar: Please, Ivy, tell me that you will not pursue Sam again.
Ivy: I thought it was hopeless, Pilar. I rely had accepted the fact
that Sam had chosen Grace over me. But maybe it's not so hopeless after
all.
Pilar: No, Ivy, please.
Ivy: If Grace really is married to this David Hastings, if their
marriage is legal, then Sam and Grace's marriage isn't legal. He could be
a free man. He would be available.
Pilar: Listen to me, Ivy. Don't start thinking like this again,
Ivy: But if Sam's available, then all of my hopes, all of my dreams can
come true, Pilar. We could be married, and Sam and Ethan and I could be
the family we always were meant to be.
[Tango plays]
Luis: We should always dance like this.
Sheridan: And we will, every day for the rest of our lives.
Ethan: I'll charter a plane to Bermuda. I'm not a Crane anymore. I'll
have to fly commercial. Hi. Yes, I'd like to get a seat on your next
flight to Bermuda. Nothing tonight, only tomorrow morning? Ok. Book me a
seat on the flight tomorrow morning. I'll pay for it then. Winthrop. Ethan
Winthrop. Thank you. I really miss being a Crane. I'm going to get some
air.
Whitney: You know, I'm worried about what Ethan's going to find once he
gets down to Bermuda. I mean, you know how impulsive Theresa can be, how
she doesn't think anything through.&nbsp;
Whitney: In her own kind of way, she's, you know, still naive. I'm
worried she's going to get herself in a situation she can't get out of, a
situation where something unthinkable could happen.
Theresa: I think I've convinced you to take Ethan back into the family,
Mr.. Julian Crane.
Julian: Well, you're certainly getting to me, miss Theresa Lopez
Fitzgerald, but -- and it's a firm but -- I haven't said I'd take Ethan
back yet.
Theresa: Well, then i am not leaving until you agree to. I'll stay here
all night if i have to.
Julian: I'm sure we can come together in a way that satisfies us both.

Kay: Simone, would you just chill out? Nothing happened.
Simone: Kay, do you realize how close you were to Miguel finding you in
his sleeping bag like this? And if he had, Charity would have killed you.
Kay: Well, he didn't, so she didn't, so just relax.
Simone: Stop it, Kay. Just stop it. You are never going to get Miguel.
He loves Charity. All you ever get is a black mark on your soul and the
dishonor of bringing evil back into Harmony.
Kay: Yeah, right.
Simone: I'm serious, Kay. And after what Charity saw in that fire
tonight, I think you may have already invited evil back into Harmony.
[Norma screams]
Norma: Yes, father, your sweet pea has finally killed Timmy and
Tabitha! Oh! [As father] someone's coming. Hide, you big oaf. Don't let
anyone catch you at the scene of the crime. [Normal voice] oh, yes,
father.

Charity: Miguel, the boat's on fire!
Miguel: I thought it left a long time ago.
Jessica: Oh, I hope no one's in there.
Reese: Look! It's Tabitha!
Jessica: What's Tabitha doing on the boat?
Reese: I don't know. But I know one thing -- there's no putting that
fire out and Tabitha's trapped. She's going to die.
Jessica: No.
Charity: Miguel.
 Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;&nbsp;

 &nbsp;




















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Thursday 8/9/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">



&nbsp;

 &nbsp;

 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   Thursday 8/9/01
Provided by Stephanie
Proofread By
 Elissia
Grace: But are you, Sam? Are you really my husband?
Sam: Of course I'm your husband. I'm your only husband.
Grace: I'm sorry. It's just since David came to town and claimed that
he was my husband, I have been so confused and -- and I'm scared.
Sam: There's nothing to be scared of.
Grace: What if it's true? What if I was married to David before i met
you, before i lost my memory?
Sam: Grace, I know it's scary because you can't remember that time
before we met. But I promise you I am your husband and I'm never going to
let anything or anyone tear us apart.

Pilar: Ivy, please, listen to me. Even if it's true that Grace is
married to another man, that doesn't mean that Sam will be available for
you.
Ivy: That's exactly what it does mean, Pilar. Look, I had given up on
all of my hopes of ever being with Sam, but don't you see? It's possible
now.
Pilar: Ivy, Sam doesn't love you. He loves Grace.
Ivy: He could learn to love me again. We could be a family with Ethan,
our son.
Pilar: No. You're talking nonsense.
Ivy: No, it makes perfect sense! Grace has another husband. Sam will
have to leave her, and he will be free to marry me. It's -- it's perfect!
Ethan: I just can't believe that my flight to Bermuda doesn't leave
till tomorrow morning. If i were still a Crane, the Crane jet would be
fueled and ready to take off.
Chad: It's got to be hard getting used to having no money, huh?
Ethan: I keep thinking about how many things I used to take for
granted. And that -- that desk clerk never even put my call through to
Theresa's room. Now, if I were Ethan Crane, he never would've denied me
anything.
Whitney: You know, that's exactly why Theresa went to Bermuda. I mean,
she wants to get all that stuff back for you.
Ethan: By trying to convince Julian to take me back into the family?
Whitney: Yeah, I mean, she wants to make amends, to give you your life
back as a Crane.
Chad: She still feels it's her fault for everybody finding out that you
were Sam Bennett's son.
Ethan: I understand that. I just wish she wasn't so far away and alone
with Julian. I know the man who used to be my father, and i don't trust
him.
Whitney: Yeah, well, I'm worried, too. I mean, let's just face it.
Theresa can be naive. And I'm worried she could get into a situation with
horrible consequences.
Julian: Here you are, my dear.
Theresa: Oh, I really shouldn't have any more.
Julian: Oh. Nonsense. I won't let you overdo it. We're having such a
lovely talk, aren't we?
Theresa: Yes, i hope so.
Julian: And civilized people don't have a really heartfelt chat without
a little nectar of the Gods.
Theresa: All right. But you do understand what I'm saying, don't you?
Julian: Oh, yes, yes, about Ethan. You want me to take him back in the
family, to adopt him.
Theresa: Well, you will do it, won't you? Julian, it would make Ethan
so happy.
Julian: Well, I think that the two of us can come to some sort of
arrangement.
Theresa: I hope so. Like I said, I will do whatever it takes to
convince you.
Julian: I certainly hope so.
Theresa: Mm-hmm.
[Music plays]
[music stops]
Sheridan: That was wonderful.
Luis: That was great.
Sheridan: This whole night has been wonderful.
Luis: Tomorrow's going to be even better -- just you and me. We're
going to be sailing the ocean blue and making love in some little cove.
It's going to be fantastic.
Sheridan: Mm-hmm.

Woman: Basil, what's the name of that boat again?
Basil: Uh -- Mr. Crane said it was called the island dream.
Woman: Ok. There sure are a lot of boats out there.
Basil: Oh, we'll find it, all right? And once we find the boat that
Luis rented, we'll know what size bomb to plant. And then, June baby,
we're on our way to a very healthy paycheck.
June: We have to find the right place to plant the bomb.
Basil: Oh, stop worrying, June. We'll find the right place. And by
tomorrow afternoon, when the happy couple is in the middle of their
fishing trip -- boom! Off it goes. Our bomb will be so powerful, it won't
matter where we put it. Sheridan and Luis will be blown to smithereens.
Simone: Kay, that fire is getting intense. We better go see what's
happening.
Kay: I told you, Simone, I'm not leaving until Miguel comes back and we
make love.
Simone: I still say that's never going to happen.
Kay: Yes, it will.
Simone: Kay, Miguel loves Charity. What you're doing is wrong.
Kay: Simone, I don't care. I'm going to make Miguel forget all about
Charity. And after I'm pregnant, I'll be with Miguel forever.
Tabitha: It's no use, Timmy. It's locked. And I couldn't break the
window. We're trapped.
Timmy: Timmy and tabby are going to fry?
Tabitha: Oh, I'm afraid so.
Timmy: Timmy wishes Norma had just killed Timmy and tabby with her ax.
It sure would've been quicker.
Tabitha: I agree. Nothing's worse than being burned to death, and I
should know!
Miguel: Tabitha's trapped in there!
Jessica: She's going to die!
Charity: This isn't right! This isn't what I saw in my vision!
Norma: Oh, I've done it, father. That witch and her boy will never
		embarrass you again. They are barbecue. [Norma slurps]

Sam: Grace, you have to believe me. The guy is lying about everything.
He's not your husband.
Grace: You keep saying that.
Sam: Because I know it's true. When you married me, you had no
reservations. You knew you were free to marry me even though you had
amnesia.
Grace: But how could I know I was free if I had amnesia?
Sam: I am positive about this, Grace. Even with your amnesia, you'd
know somehow if there was someone else in your life.
Grace: It's just that David knows so many things about me.
Sam: He could've gotten that information off the internet from when our
house imploded.
Grace: He knows i like honey in my tea. I mean, he didn't get that on
the internet.
Sam: Ok. Lucky guess.
Grace: And we saw the marriage license, Sam. That proves I was married
to him.
Sam: Not if it's a forgery.
Grace: A forgery? Why -- why would David go through all the trouble --
Sam: Look, Grace, I don't know what his angle is. All I know for sure
is that you're not married to David Hastings. You're married to me. I know
it. I'm never going to let you go.
Pilar: Ivy, get your head out of the clouds. Sam isn't going to leave
Grace.
Ivy: He will if she has another husband. Don't you realize what this
means, Pilar? They're not married. They never have been.
Pilar: Even if it's true that this David was Grace's husband, which at
this point no one knows --
Ivy: Of course it's true, Pilar! Why else would David come all the way
to Harmony to find Grace?
Pilar: I don't know, but --
Ivy: No, no, there are no "buts" to this -- no. Grace has another
husband. And that means that Sam is a free man. And I am going to wait for
him. I will wait. And we can start a new life together, and we can be a
family with Ethan.

Chad: Ethan, you got to know a lot of people with money, right? I mean,
there must be somebody you could call.
Ethan: None of those people return my calls, Chad. Not since I was
thrown out of the Crane family.
Whitney: You know, I'm so sorry for what you've been through lately.
Ethan: Thanks, Whitney. But all I care about is just getting Theresa
back. I think I'm going to make another phone call, see if i can find
another way to get to Bermuda.
Whitney: You know, I really hope i did the right thing by telling Ethan
where Theresa went.
Chad: Yeah, I hear you. Because Ethan knows like everybody else that
Mr. Crane can act like a lounge lizard when it comes to women.
Whitney: I know he has a really horrible reputation. I'm kind of
getting afraid for Theresa.
Chad: You think Julian would put the moves on her?
Whitney: I mean, I don't know. You know how Theresa gets in over her
head all the time. What if Julian does try to seduce her or something? I
mean, she might not know how to deal with that.
Theresa: You should know, Julian, that I'm used to getting what I want,
and I want you to adopt Ethan.
Julian: Hmm. Ahem -- so you have been saying. And I'm almost convinced
it would be the right thing to do.
Theresa: It is. It's absolutely the right thing to do. It wasn't
Ethan's fault that his mother lied to him. And you raised him as your son.
Look, he misses being your son, Julian.
Julian: Oh, yes. I'm sure he does. But I'm just -- I'm not sure if I
could take such a big step.
Theresa: Oh. Well, you will be. I can be very persuasive when I want
something. You have no idea.
Julian: Huh. And you have no idea how persuasive I can be when I want
something.
Theresa: Hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Luis: Aha.
Sheridan: Oh. Oh, I still can't believe we're here, together, having
such a wonderful time.
Luis: Neither can I. But you know what? We are. And it's not going to
end, and tomorrow is going to be even more wonderful.
Sheridan: Oh, our own private boat exploring all the secret coves.
Luis: Yeah.
Sheridan: I can't wait.
Luis: You know, this is everything i ever dreamed of -- being out on
the water with the woman I love, a boat. Even the boat's name is perfect.
Sheridan: What's she called?
Luis: The island dream.

Basil: June, is that the boat they rented?
June: That's it. The island dream.
Basil: Are you sure?
June: It's the name Julian Crane gave us. It looks like the boat he
described.
Basil: Wow. Well, all right. Let's get to work and check it out.
June: It's a pretty boat, isn't it? It's a shame tomorrow it'll be
blown to bits.
Basil: If Julian Crane wants it blown to bits, that's what he gets.
When Luis and Sheridan take it out tomorrow, they're never coming back.

Tabitha: Oh, it's useless! The door's locked!
Timmy: Oh, no! There's no way out! Timmy and his princess are doomed!
Miguel: There's got to be something we can do to help Tabitha.
Reese: Like what? There's no fire hydrant, no hose.
Jessica: Yeah, we can't even put water on it! There's no buckets!
Miguel: Oh, my God. Tabitha's just trapped!
Jessica: Oh, God. This must've been what your premonition was about.
No, it was this boat and Tabitha that was in danger, not Sheridan.
Charity: No! No, this isn't what I saw! This is not my premonition
about Sheridan!
Miguel: What do we do?
Reese: Look! The fire's spreading! Tabitha's never getting out of there
alive.
Ivy: You know, Pilar, I can't believe I was sitting around here feeling
sorry for myself that Julian divorced me. It's fate.
Pilar: Fate?
Ivy: Yes. Don't you remember? I told you -- Julian flew down to the
islands to finalize our divorce. As of midnight tonight, I am a free
woman. And Sam will be a free man. Wow, God works in mysterious ways.
Pilar: God would not approve of you trying to break up Sam and Grace's
marriage.
Ivy: But that's the beauty of it, Pilar. I'm not doing anything. Grace
is married to another man. I'm not doing anything evil. I -- i don't know.
It's like God turned back the hands of time, for me, to give me a chance
to get back everything i missed when i didn't tell Sam that Ethan was his
son.
Pilar: Well, I still think you're assuming too much. Sam doesn't
believe that David is Grace's husband.
Ivy: Poor Sam. Oh, poor Sam. He's going to be so hurt when he finds out
it's true. But I'll be here for him. I'll help him get through it. I'm
getting a second chance, Pilar, and all I have to do is wait for Sam to be
free.
Sam: Don't worry, Grace. I'm going to protect you from David. I won't
let him cause you any more trouble.
Grace: I will try not to worry. [Noise]
Sam: What was that?
Grace: I don't know.
Sam: Stay here.
Grace: No, I'm going with you.
Sam: Grace --
Grace: No, Sam, I'm going with you. [Noise]
Sam: Who's there? Come out and show yourself.
Grace: David.
Sam: What in the hell are you doing here?
David: It's not what it looks like.
Sam: Oh, it's not? It looks like you were trying to kidnap Grace again.

Grace: Sam --
David: Why would I try and kidnap my own wife?
Sam: She's my wife. Now I want you out of here. Now, leave before i run
you in for trespassing.
David: Go ahead and try it.
Simone: Well, you can stay here if you want. I'm going to go see what's
going on with that fire.
Kay: Go ahead.
Simone: Don't you even care that Miguel or the others might even need
help?
Kay: Oh, my gosh. You're right. What if Charity saves a bunny from the
fire or something? Miguel's going to love her even more.
Simone: Please.
Kay: I got to get out there and do something nice before Charity does.
Simone: You are all heart, Kay.
Miguel: Oh, my God. I can see Tabitha! Tabitha! Tabitha, can you get
out of there?
Jessica: She must be locked in!
Miguel: The flames are spreading!
Reese: Oh, my God. It looks like she's running out of oxygen.

Timmy: Timmy feels dizzy.
Tabitha: Oh, we're suffocating, Timmy.
Norma: You see, father? I made sure those two would die. [As father]
I'm proud of you, baby doll! Looks like Timmy and Tabitha are goners! Well
done! [Normal voice] oh. Thank you, father.
Timmy: Help! Help!

Miguel: There's got to be a way to get up there!
Jessica: No, we have to get Tabitha off the boat!
Charity: Maybe we can get to the other side and get on the boat that
way.
Miguel: Right.
Timmy: Help, help! Help!
Reese: It's Tabitha's doll. It's Tabitha's doll, and he's alive.

Sheridan: Hmm. Have you ever seen such beautiful stars?
Luis: No. Never seen them this bright, either.
Sheridan: Uh-uh.

Theresa: Think about how Ethan must feel, Julian. I mean, look at this
room. He's used to -- [Theresa gasps]
Theresa: Oh! Oh! I'm so, so sorry.
Julian: Oh --
Theresa: Oh. Oh. Look at this. [Theresa gasps]
Theresa: There's a 24-hour wedding chapel in this resort! Julian, it's
a sign!
Julian: A sign?
Theresa: Yes. If you just agree to adopt Ethan, well, he could come
flying down here immediately and we could get married and we could have a
honeymoon at the same time! Wouldn't that just be perfect? Oh! [Theresa
screams]

Luis: Sounds like they're having a big party next door.
Sheridan: Well, that's what resorts like this are for.
Luis: Yeah, I guess you're right.
Sheridan: Hey. Something wrong?
Luis: No, it's just that -- well, ever since i thought i heard
Theresa's voice downstairs in the bar, i've been thinking about her.
Sheridan: It's only natural for you to worry about your little sister.
Luis: Yeah. And after I heard those clowns talking about sugar daddies
and how some old geezer was trying to get some innocent girl up in his
room, well, I couldn't help but worry about Theresa.
Sheridan: I understand how you feel.
Luis: Yeah. And, you know, if I'd have known that Theresa had been
working for Ivy Crane all this time and seeing Ethan, I would've gone
crazy. I know Julian's reputation, and, well, I just can't believe that he
never even tried to make a move on Theresa.
Sheridan: Well, I wouldn't put anything past Julian, but even he knows
how young she really is.
Luis: Yeah? Well, if he did ever try and hit on her, I'd kill him.

Theresa: I'm so, so, so sorry, Mr. Crane.
Julian: No, it's Julian, remember? Don't -- don't -- just put it down.
Don't worry about this lamp. Oh! The maid will clean it up in the morning.
Let's take our champagne and go out to the balcony.
Theresa: The balcony.
Julian: Yes, let's drink in the beauty of this glorious island. Come.
[Theresa sighs]

Sam: You're leaving now.
Grace: Sam --
David: I came for what's mine.
Sam: She's not yours!
Grace: Sam, please, just stop! Both of you, just stop it.
Sam: Now, you better leave if you don't want to wind up in jail again.
David: You can charge me with trespassing, but that's it. And no judge
will ever convict me when I tell them I'm just trying to see my wife.
Sam: She's not your --
Grace: Sam, please. Please.
Sam: Wife.
Grace: Just -- David, if you came here to see me, why were you hiding
in the bushes?
David: Well, I'm glad you asked.
David: I was bringing you these. But I thought they needed a little
more greenery, so I -- I saw the shrub, and I -- I thought I'd add a
couple of sprigs to the bouquet.
Sam: No. So you were trespassing and stealing.
David: I guess I was.
Grace: Look, why don't we -- why don't we take this inside and talk
about it?
Sam: Grace, there's nothing to talk about.
Grace: I think there is, Sam. [Sam sighs]
Sam: All right. This better not take long.
Ivy: Who was that with Sam and Grace?
Pilar: I don't know.
Ivy: Wait a minute. Maybe it's the infamous David.
Pilar: Well, I suppose it could be.
Ivy: I want to hear what they're saying. Come on, Pilar, let's go to
the window.
Pilar: Ivy, I will not eavesdrop.
Ivy: Well, suit yourself. I'm not above a little eavesdropping,
especially if it means I'm going to find out that Grace is for sure
married to another man.

Sheridan: Oh, Luis. You're tense. Why don't you come back inside and
I'll give you a massage?
Luis: A massage?
Sheridan: Mm-hmm.
Luis: Hmm. Never turn a massage from you down.
Julian: Now, isn't this better?
Theresa: Hmm, it's so beautiful.
Julian: Not as beautiful as you, my dear. [Knock on door]
Theresa: Well, who could that be?
Julian: I have no idea. Don't go away.
Theresa: Ok.

Julian: What the hell are you two doing here?
Basil: We're here to collect, Mr. Crane.
June: We scouted the boat. We're set to plant the bomb.

Julian: I don't want anyone to overhear this conversation. One moment.
[Music plays loudly]

Luis: What the hell's going on over there?
Julian: I have a guest, a guest who would be very upset if she thought
that Luis Lopez Fitzgerald was in any kind of danger. Here. So you found
the boat all right?
June: Yes, sir. The island dream.
Basil: And we found a perfect spot to plant the --
Julian: Shut! Do not say that! Just go.
June: Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.
Julian: Yes.
June: Thank you, Mr. Crane.
Julian: Go, yes, go. God, they certainly don't inspire much confidence.

Julian: Thank you. This is going to be a fantastic night.
Julian: I do apologize, my sweet.
Theresa: Oh. Are you convinced yet?
Julian: Almost.
Theresa: Just tell me what to do. Tell me what i can do to convince you
to adopt Ethan. I'll do anything.
Ethan: I think I'm going to call the resort back, see if i can get a
different desk clerk on duty this time.
Chad: You know, Ethan, why don't you just let it go for tonight, man? I
mean, you're going to fly down there first thing tomorrow morning anyway.
Besides, it's late. Hey, you know, i bet you Theresa's probably already
asleep.
Whitney: Oh, yeah, I'm sure she is.
Ethan: I'd hate to wake her up, but I want to make sure she's all
right. I'll be right back.
Whitney: You know, I feel really terrible about this. I never should
have told Ethan where Theresa went.
Chad: No, no, you definitely did the right thing, Whitney. Otherwise
he'd really be going crazy.
Whitney: I guess. But I am kind of worried about what Theresa's doing
right now. I mean, I know how determined she was to convince Julian Crane
to take Ethan back into the family.
Chad: You really think she might do something stupid?
Whitney: Knowing Theresa, I'm -- she might. I mean, she doesn't think
anything through. She just jumps into situations. Then they end up blowing
up right in her face.

Theresa: Hmm.
Julian: Hmm.
Theresa: Thank you, Julian.
Julian: You're more than welcome, my lovely Theresa.

Timmy: Timmy's sorry he can't save his princess. [Tabitha coughs]
Tabitha: Timmy, Timmy, you can leave through the cat door we found.
You're small enough to get through. Go!
Timmy: No, princess. Timmy won't leave his princess to die. He will die
with her. We'll both die together.

Reese: I told you Tabitha's doll was alive, and I was right!
Miguel: Reese, what are you talking about?
Reese: Tabitha's doll!
Jessica: Oh!
Reese: I saw him yelling for help. He's out there with Tabitha.
Jessica: Reese, don't start that again!
Miguel: Reese, we need to find a way to get on the boat and help
Tabitha.
Reese: But I'm telling you, he was in there. I saw him --
Jessica: Will you stop? Tabitha is in real danger! We can't do this!
Miguel: We can't just stand around and watch her die.
Charity: Ok, Miguel. What are we going to do?
Miguel: I don't know, but I've got to find a way to get on the boat.
Norma: Damn that meddling kid!
Jessica: How are you going to do it, Miguel? The flames are spreading!
Miguel: I'll find a way. I love you, Charity.
Charity: I love you, too, Miguel. Please be careful, ok? [Kay gasps]
Simone: Oh, my God.
Kay: What happened to the boat?
Reese: There was an explosion. Tabitha's trapped onboard.
Simone: Oh, my God -- Tabitha? I thought she was asleep in her tent!
Charity: No, she's on the boat, and Miguel's going to find a way to get
her out, ok?
Miguel: Look, I think I can get onboard if I go around the stern.
Kay: Miguel, no! It's too dangerous! I won't let you!

Theresa: I wonder what the wedding chapel is like.
Julian: Wedding chapel?
Theresa: In the brochure here at the resort. I'll bet it's like
everything else on this island -- beautiful. And if Ethan and I were to
get married in that chapel, oh, it'd be so beautiful. We could have
flowers like these! Aren't they simply gorgeous? Oh! Oh, oh, oh. I'm
sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Julian: Think nothing of it, my dear.
Theresa: Oh.

Luis: All right, that's it. I'm going over there --
Sheridan: Wait.
Luis: And tell them to keep it down.
Sheridan: It's awfully late.
Luis: Which is exactly why they should keep a lid on it. Look, I heard
voices on the balcony, so I'm just going to go and warn them. Don't worry.
I'll be polite.
Theresa: Oh, I'm so sorry.
Julian: Oh, no.
Theresa: I'm -- oh! Oh!
Julian: Oh!
Theresa: I'm sorry. I'm such a klutz.
Julian: Oh, darling, of course not. You're the essence of Grace.
[Theresa giggles] [Theresa screams]
Julian: Oh, dear. I -- [Theresa laughs] [Julian laughs]

Pilar: Ivy, this is terrible. We shouldn't be listening.
Ivy: Then leave if you want. I want to hear what they're saying.
Grace: David, you say you know so much about me. You know my likes and
my dislikes. You even knew about my sister, faith.
David: But I didn't know one of the most important things -- that
you've had amnesia all these years.
Sam: Pretty convenient, right? Makes it easy to show up and claim that
Grace was your wife.
Grace: Sam, hey. You know, we want to get to the truth of all this,
right?
Sam: I know the truth, Grace, and so do you.
David: You might not yet, Grace. But you will.
Grace: David, i have to tell you I've heard a lot of the things that
you know about me and I don't even have the slightest spark of a memory
about you.
David: Yes, but if you spent some time with me, I know you'd remember.
Sam: Well, you can forget about that.
David: I know you would.
Grace: It's not going to happen. I don't know you. And unless you can
come up with something that makes me remember you, I think you should just
go and leave us alone.
David: All right. I know something that you're bound to remember. When
I tell you this story, you'll know that you're my wife.

Ivy: Oh. This is it, Pilar. David is about to prove that he's Grace's
husband.

Ethan: I have to get down to Bermuda. This is killing me.
Chad: Yeah, I know it's hard, man, but you'll be able to go down there
first thing in the morning.
Whitney: I wish I could just give you the money so that you could
charter the plane to go see her.
Ethan: I know you guys would do everything you could to help. But I
just -- I just wish that she hadn't have taken off like that, not knowing
how much I love her. And I hate it that she thinks she has to try to make
amends to make things better.
Whitney: She was convinced that this was the only way to make you happy
again. She left feeling pretty guilty.
Ethan: Hasn't she ever heard that old saying -- "love means never
having to say you're sorry"?
Chad: Yeah. Didn't she ever see that old movie?
Whitney: Guess not.
Ethan: Just -- I just hope she's all right. I really need to talk to
her.
[Theresa laughs]
Julian: No! [Laughing]
Julian: Oh.
Theresa: Oh!
Julian: I think the cows are coming home to roost. [Theresa laughs]
Julian: I'll help you.

Sheridan: Luis, look, I don't think you should confront them like this.

Luis: Like what?
Sheridan: You're in a horrible mood. I think we should go out into the
hallway and knock on their door. It would seem a lot less hostile.
Besides, you'll have to talk through all the plants out here.
Luis: You're right. I'm not on duty in Bermuda, am i?
Sheridan: No, you're not, Mr. Policeman. You're on vacation like
everyone else.
Luis: Right. I'm going to go put some clothes on.
Sheridan: Good idea.

Theresa: Oh!
Julian: I'm sure we'll be fine if we can just find our --
Theresa: Oh!
Julian: Sweetheart, please. [Theresa screams]
Julian: Oh, my God. [Julian laughs]
Theresa: Oh, this place is dangerous. It's spinning.
Julian: You're right, my dear. Perhaps it would be best if we just sit
tight for a bit.
Theresa: Oh, yes. Ok. Ok. Oh. I miss Ethan.
Julian: Oh, now, dear Theresa, please. Don't cry.
Theresa: No, I can't help it. I want him to be here so that we can be
married. If you'll just say that you'll adopt him.
Julian: But, Theresa, my sweet, it hurts me so to see you in such pain.
Oh, let me make it all better.
Theresa: No, no, you can't. You still haven't said that you'll adopt
him.
Julian: Well, I know, and I do apologize. But you've almost convinced
me.
Theresa: I have?
Julian: Absolutely!
Julian: Where are you going?
Theresa: To freshen up. I must look like a mess.
Julian: Yeah. You go freshen up. I'll -- I'll call down for some more
champagne. [Knock on door]
Julian: God. Now who is it? I hope to God it's not those bobbsey twins
again.
[Tabitha and Timmy cough]
Kay: Miguel, please don't go on the boat! It's too dangerous!
Simone: Let him go, Kay. We can't just let Tabitha die.
Kay: Well, I'm sorry, but I don't want to see Miguel hurt!
Miguel: I'll be ok. All right? Don't worry.
Reese: I'm coming with you.
Miguel: No, you stay here with the girls. Hey, don't worry about me,
ok?
Charity: Ok.
Miguel: I'll be ok.
Charity: Ok.
Norma: Damn that kid. He's going to save Tabitha. Oh, I've got to stop
him. [As father] no, Norma! Someone might see you. They'll put you in
jail! [Normal voice] oh. Oh. Oh, you're right, father. [As father]
besides, the fire will kill the boy, too. Just stand back and watch. Let
him die with the old witch and her boy. [Normal voice] oh. Oh. Oh.

Kay: Be careful, Miguel!
Jessica: Watch out!
Kay: Miguel, please.
Simone: Come on, come on. Come on, Miguel.
Kay: Be careful.

 Back to TV
MegaSite Passions Page

 &nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Friday 8/10/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
Passions Update Friday 8/10/01
  Provided by Stephanie

		Proofread By  Elissia

David: I can prove, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that Grace is my wife.
Sam: Well, that's impossible because Grace is my wife. Not yours.

Pilar: Ivy, this is a private conversation. We have no right to listen.

Ivy: I have every right, Pilar. If Grace is married to another man,
then Sam is free, and he can finally be mine.
Pilar: Sam and Grace are going through a terrible time. How can you be
so selfish?
Ivy: I haven't done anything wrong, Pilar. This is just -- this is the
miracle I have been praying for. Now, be quiet so I can hear what's going
on.
Grace: So what is your story, David? What can possibly prove that we
were married?
Sam: Come on, Grace. This is a waste of time. Everything that's come
out of this man's mouth has been a lie.
Grace: Sweetheart --
David: I have been honest all along, and now I'm going to prove it.
After you hear what I have to say, you'll remember. You'll know that we
were husband and wife.

Ethan: This is killing me -- waiting. No, I have to get to Bermuda and
I have to talk to Theresa now.
Chad: Ethan, you're going to be heading down there first thing in the
morning, so just try to relax. Ok?
Ethan: If our double wedding would have gone as planned, we'd be on our
honeymoon right now. Now she's in Bermuda without me.
Chad: I still can't believe Theresa went all the way down there just to
find Julian.
Whitney: Well, you guys all know Theresa once she gets an idea in her
head. And she blames herself for the tabloid getting the information about
your paternity.
Ethan: Yeah, but I don't blame her. I know she didn't send the e-mail.
Whitney: Yeah, but it doesn't matter. She thinks that if that
information hadn't have been on her computer, that they never would have
found out. And now she's determined to try to fix everything.
Ethan: By going to Bermuda and trying to convince Julian to take me
back into the family?
Whitney: Yeah, and I'm really worried about her, you guys. I mean, we
all know what kind of man Julian Crane can be. [Theresa screams]
Ethan: You son of a -- father?

Theresa: Mr. Crane?

Ethan: Yeah, she better be ok. And I just wish that the desk clerk
would have put me through to her room.
Chad: Hey, Theresa is a strong girl, especially with you and Luis in
her corner.
Whitney: Yeah, I mean, you would do anything for Theresa, and so would
Luis.
Chad: Totally. Hey, look, I've seen Luis' temper firsthand, and I know
for a fact that he would tear apart anybody who tried anything with
Theresa.
Julian: Where are you going?
Theresa: To the bathroom. To freshen up. I must look like a mess.
Julian: Yes. You go freshen up. I'll -- I shall call down for some more
champagne. [Knock on door]
Julian: God! Now who is it? I hope to God it's not those bobbsey twins
again.
Theresa: I have to convince Julian to adopt Ethan. If I can get Ethan
back what he lost, then we can be together forever again. I just know it.
Hmm.
Julian: Well -- what are you two doing here?
Sheridan: You know exactly what we're doing here. I called you before
we left. I told you we were going to take our honeymoon trip even though
the wedding didn't happen.
Luis: And I was with Sheridan when she made the phone call. So the real
question is, what the hell are you doing here?
Sheridan: Well, Julian? What are you doing here?
Luis: Huh? And what's with all the damn noise? Who you in here with?

Miguel: Tabitha! Tabitha, I'm coming!
Charity: Please, Miguel, be careful!
Jessica: No!
Charity: I can't lose you!
Simone: Oh, my God!
Kay: For once, Charity, I agree with you. I can't lose Miguel either.
Reese: He'll be fine.
Charity: Miguel!
Jessica: No! Shh.
Charity: No!

Norma: Oh, oh. Oh, this is such fun, father. Not only are Timmy and
Tabitha going to die, but an innocent young man's going to go up in
flames, too. [As father] ah, you done good, buttercup. I'm proud of you.
[Normal voice] oh. Ah.

Miguel: Hold on, Tabitha! [Miguel struggles to put out the fire]



David: I have something to tell you, Grace. And once I do, you'll know
that we're married. It will all come back to you.
Sam: That's ridiculous. You can't make someone remember something that
never happened.
David: Why don't we let Grace be the judge of that.
Grace: Look, I don't know what you can tell me that can possibly make
me remember. I mean, you've already tried telling me all the things you
know about me. I mean, you know my maiden name. You know I like honey in
my tea. But nothing that you have told me has even sparked a memory.
David: But what I'm about to tell you will do that. In fact, it will
change your life forever.
Ivy: Oh, it will change my life, too. This is it, Pilar. This is it,
Pilar. Oh, I'm finally going to get Sam back.

Ethan: There was a time when I never thought this picture was possible.
I mean, Luis went through the roof when he found out Theresa and I were
dating.
Whitney: Yeah, that's for sure. I mean, I was there when he found out.
He nearly tore the living room into pieces.
Ethan: After that, we fought constantly. I thought he was a total jerk.
He just thought I was trying to take advantage of his little sister, just
using her for a good time. But now I know he was just protecting Theresa.
Chad: Yeah, once he realized you two were the real deal, he lightened
up.
Whitney: Yeah, he did.
Ethan: I'm glad he did, or I may not be here. One thing I know from
experience -- God help anyone who Luis thinks is trying to hurt his
sister.

Julian: Luis, there's no reason to get upset. Just calm down.
Luis: Julian, just quit stalling. Quit stalling and tell us what you're
doing here. You're real quiet all of a sudden. You were making a hell of a
lot of noise earlier. And who's in there making all that noise with you,
huh?
Theresa: I look like a mess. Hmm. Oh, shoot. How can I fix myself when
I left my purse in the other room? I better go get it.
Luis: Start talking, Crane. What the hell is going on in there?
[Miguel
struggles]
Miguel: Ok. I hope I get to Tabitha in time.
Jessica: Oh, my God, the flames are getting worse!
Kay: Miguel! Be careful!
Charity: I love you, Miguel! Please, come back!
Reese: Charity, you said in your vision you saw a boat on fire, an
explosion. Are you sure this isn't what you saw?
Charity: I don't think so, ok? I'm sure it was Sheridan and Theresa in
danger.
Simone: Well, I mean, you had no reason to believe that Tabitha was in
any kind of trouble. I mean, we all thought that she was asleep in her
tent.
Jessica: Right.

Norma: Oh. Tabitha and Timmy wanted me to think they went nighty-night.
Thought they'd make their getaway on the boat. But I outsmarted those
fools. [As father] yes, you did, Norma! And because of your brilliance,
Tabitha and Timmy are going to die, and so is that meddlesome teenager.
[Normal voice] three for the price of one.
Miguel: Tabitha! Ah. Tabitha! Come on. Tabitha! Oh, God. Tabitha!

Sam: Look, this is a waste of time. All you're going to do is tell my
wife more lies.
David: Everything I've said has been the truth.

Ivy: Oh, he better be telling the truth because if he is, then Grace is
married to another man.
Pilar: Grace is a good woman who has done nothing to you. And it is
wrong for you to wish ill upon her.
Ivy: I'm not wishing anything bad on Grace. Well, no, in fact, Pilar,
this could be wonderful for her. After all these years, she would finally
be reunited with her long-lost husband.
Pilar: This would tear her life apart, and you know it. And I cannot
believe how selfish you're being.

Sam: Oh, give me a break, Hastings. You haven't been honest about a
single thing since you came to Harmony.
David: You are wrong, and I am going to prove it.
Sam: Look, that's it. I've heard -- I want you out of here right now!

Ivy: Oh, no. Sam can't throw David out before he proves that he's
Grace's husband. Because if he does, then Sam can be all mine.

June: Everything has to go off perfectly -- so to speak. We promised
Julian Crane we'd kill his sister and her boyfriend.
Basil: There's nothing to worry about. Once I build this bomb, we'll
plant it on the boat that Luis rented for a romantic trip with his beloved
Sheridan.
June: Ok, let's hurry up. I want to get this bomb planted as quickly as
possible. The sooner we get this over with, the better.
Basil: Building a bomb is an art. It can't be rushed. Besides, we've
got plenty of time to put this baby on the boat before Luis and Sheridan
set out tomorrow.
June: Little do the lovebirds know we hold their fate in our hands.
Basil: You got that right. Once Luis and Sheridan say bon voyage,
they'll be as good as dead.

Luis: Well, start talking, Crane, or I'm going to come in there and
take a look for myself.
Theresa: Oh. This place really does have everything. I don't need my
purse.
Sheridan: You know you can make this a lot easier if you just answer
our questions. What are you doing here in Bermuda? And who is in your
room?
Julian: Well, if you must know, I came down here to finalize my divorce
from Ivy.
Sheridan: Wow. Does Ivy know about this?
Julian: Well, as a matter of fact, she does -- not that i owe her any
explanations, since my tramp of an ex-wife passed Sam Bennett's bastard
off as my son.
Luis: So you came here to finalize your divorce. So what? That still
doesn't tell us who's in the room with you.
Sheridan: Yeah, what, are you here with Rebecca?
Luis: Well, Julian, look, it's obvious there's someone in there with
you. There's a woman's purse right there. Is that Rebecca's purse? Is that
who's in there with you?

Miguel: Tabitha! Tabitha, can you hear me? Tabitha!
Tabitha: Timmy? Timmy? It's Miguel. Miguel's here.
Miguel: Tabitha!
Timmy: Timmy always knew Miguel was a nice boy. Now he's going to save
Timmy and his princess.
Miguel: Tabitha! Tabitha, wake up! God. God, i've got to get her out of
here. Tabitha!
Kay: Look! Miguel got to the room where Tabitha is!
Reese: In nautical terms, that room is referred to as the bridge, my
sweet.
Kay: Who cares, Reese? That's not exactly the point!
Jessica: Oh, he can't get through the door! The flames are all around
him!
Charity: Be careful, Miguel! Be careful!
Miguel: Tabitha! Ok, I've got to find something to break this lock.
Come on. Ah -- oh.
Kay: Miguel!
Charity: I can't see him! The flames are everywhere! Miguel!

Sam: Look, I am warning you, Hastings. I want you out of here right
now.
Ivy: Damn it! Sam better not make David leave, not before he can prove
that he's Grace's husband.
Pilar: I cannot believe how cruel you are. Sam and Grace's marriage is
at stake.
Ivy: Oh -- yeah, exactly.
David: Look, I understand that you're upset.
Sam: Good. Then get the hell out of here.
David: If I was you, I'd be upset, too. But why don't you try to think
about how I feel.
Sam: Because I don't give a damn how you feel.
Grace: Sam.
David: I lost my wife over 20 years ago. I went through hell not
knowing where she was or what happened to her. And then one day I pick up
a magazine, and there she is, the love of my life.
Sam: Do you really expect me to believe a word of this? I know your
type, Hastings. You are nothing but a con artist.
David: A con artist? Sam, think about it. Why would I try and con a
cop? I mean, the chief of police, no less. And what would I get -- what
would I gain from coming after you? I mean, you don't even have a house.
Listen to me, Grace. I have been totally honest with you.
Grace: No, everything that you have said can be explained away. I mean,
most of what you know about me is on the internet. And the rest is just --
it's lucky guesses.
David: But what about our marriage license? I mean, the public records
department of Hartford confirmed that it was accurate.
Grace: Oh, like Sam said, it's a forgery.
Sam: Your game is over, Hastings.
David: Well, what I'm about to tell you will change all that. It will
prove that Grace and I were once involved. Intimately involved.
Ivy: Do tell, Mr. Hastings. Don't keep me in suspense any longer.

Luis: Well, we're waiting, Julian. Is Rebecca in there with you?
Sheridan: Yeah, what, did you come here to celebrate your divorce? Are
you two going to get married in Bermuda?
Julian: My, this is like the Spanish inquisition.
Luis: Start talking, Crane!
Julian: Actually, Rebecca is not with me. I came down to Bermuda all by
my lonesome.
Luis: Oh. Well, you obviously didn't stay on your lonesome very long.
Sheridan: You know what? You may be my brother, but you are such a pig.
You were never faithful to Ivy when you were married to her, and now you
can't even stay faithful to your new fiancée.
Luis: And let me clear something up for you, Julian. I don't care that
you were suddenly supportive of me and Sheridan getting married. You and I
are not friends.
Julian: Your point is well taken. Now, if you don't mind, I would like
to turn in.
Luis: No, as a matter of fact, I do mind. I have heard so many horror
stories about young women in Harmony -- young women that you have got your
disgusting little hands on.
Julian: I have no idea what you're talking about.
Luis: Well, then let me make myself perfectly clear to you. See, i've
been thinking about how it would feel if someone took advantage of my
sister, and just thinking about it -- thinking about you conning her makes
my blood boil. You seducing her to get what you want. And you want to know
why it got under my skin when I found out that Theresa had been secretly
working for Ivy?
Julian: I'm sure you'll tell me.
Luis: Because your face popped into my head. To think that my sister
had to spend so many hours under the Same roof as you. Now, let me tell
you something, Julian. If I ever found out that you ever made a move for
my sister, I would kill you without even a second thought.
Sheridan: Come on, sweetheart. Julian isn't worth any more of our time.

Luis: Well, you're certainly right about that. But I'm putting you on
notice, Julian. Now, I can't control whatever it is that you were doing
here in Bermuda, but I can back in Harmony. Harmony is my town. And if I
find out that you were using any more young women, I'm going to come after
you.
Theresa: I have to convince Julian to take Ethan back into the Crane
family no matter what it takes.
Luis: You get it, Julian? If I find out that you were going after any
more young women, you are a dead man.

Jessica: I still don't see Miguel!
Charity: It looks like he fell into the flames! Dear God, please let
Miguel be ok!
Norma: Oh, save your prayers, kiddies. Looks like your friend is dead.
Charity: Look! There he is!
Kay: Oh, Miguel.
Miguel: Don't worry, Tabitha! I'm going to get you out of there!
Simone: Oh, thank God! It looks like Miguel is going to be ok!
Reese: Well, technically, the fire should be no problem for Miguel.
After all, he did survive the flames of hell.
Jessica: Yeah, well, let's just hope he gets to Tabitha in time.
Norma: Damn! That brat's alive! Oh. Oh. Oh, but one thing's for sure --
there's no way Timmy and Tabitha will survive.
Miguel: Tabitha --
Tabitha: Ooh -- ooh, Miguel.
Miguel: We got to get out of here. Come on.
Tabitha: Oh, yes. Yes. Well, I -- I just need to get my doll.
Miguel: Hold on -- hold on to me.
Tabitha: Ok.
Miguel: Come on.
Sam: Look, I am so sick and tired of your stories about my wife.
They're all a bunch of garbage.
David: Just listen to what i have to say, Grace. On our honeymoon we
went to Nantucket. Do you remember our honeymoon?
Grace: No. I don't remember anything.
David: Well, maybe this will help. We stayed at a little cottage on the
beach. Our friends sue and Steve let us use it. You loved that cottage.
Grace: This doesn't sound familiar.
David: One night we went for a walk on the beach at sunset. You left
your sandals off. And when we were walking on the beach, you stepped on a
shell and it cut your foot. It cut your right foot, and it left a scar, a
scar in the shape of a half moon.
Sam: Oh, give me a break! Grace doesn't have a scar on her right foot.
Ivy: Grace's hubby better not be bluffing.
Pilar: Ivy, I've been to the beach many times with the Bennett's and I
don't remember seeing a moon-shaped scar on Grace's foot.
Ivy: Well, maybe you weren't looking hard enough.
Sam: So that's the best you could come up with? A scar that doesn't
exist?
David: Grace has a scar on her right foot. Take off your shoe, Grace,
and I'll show it to you. I'll prove to you once and for all that you're my
wife.

Basil: Hey! Watch it, June. Do I need to remind you I'm dealing with
explosive materials?
June: No, I'm well aware of that, Basil. You almost finished building
that bomb?
Basil: As a matter of fact, I am. And when I'm done, I'll go plant it
on the fishing boat.
June: I have a feeling Julian Crane is going to be quite pleased with
our work.
Basil: Absolutely. Tomorrow Luis and Sheridan will be blown to
smithereens, just like he wanted. And the best part of it is there won't
be any trace of evidence. Boom!
Luis: Do we understand each other, Julian?
Julian: Indeed. You've made yourself perfectly clear, yes.
Luis: You were right before. We have wasted way too much time on
Julian. Let's get out of here.
Julian: Enjoy the rest of your trip.
Sheridan: Don't worry, Julian, we will.
Luis: Oh, yeah, and one more thing. Make sure you keep it down in here
tonight with your friend. See, we're right next door and plan to get a
goodnight's sleep before our boat trip tomorrow.
Julian: I'm sure you'll have the time of your lives. Don't worry. You
won't hear another peep out of this suite.
Sheridan: That was quite a surprise. I never expected to see my brother
down here.
Luis: Right. What do you say we forget about Julian, go down in the
dining room and have a little dessert?
Sheridan: Hmm, sounds wonderful, seeing as I worked up quite an
appetite after our earlier activities.
Julian: Who does Lopez Fitzgerald think he is? Well, after tomorrow,
I'll never have to worry about that would-be superhero again.
Theresa: Oh, I thought i heard voices. Was somebody here?
Julian: Well, no one you need to concern yourself about, my dear. In
fact, I think we should continue our conversation. I want to give you
every opportunity to convince me to adopt Ethan as my son.
Theresa: Oh, I'm so glad you feel that way because all i want is an
opportunity. And if there's one thing I know for sure, it's how to take
advantage of an opportunity.
Julian: Oh, I bet you do, Theresa. I just bet you do.

Whitney: Ethan, is everything ok?
Ethan: No, I -- I suddenly got the feeling that something's wrong with
Theresa.
Whitney: Why? What do you mean?
Ethan: I'm not sure. But I feel like there's some kind of threat to
her.

Simone: Oh -- Miguel, got you, got you. I got you.
Charity: Oh. Thank God you guys are ok. I was so worried.
Miguel: I'm fine, but I don't know if Tabitha's going to hold on much
longer.
Jessica: I've got some water for you.
Miguel: Here, Tabitha.
Jessica: It's all right. [Tabitha coughs]
Norma: Damn it! How did that old lady survive? Damn! Damn, damn, damn,
damn, damn, damn!
Jessica: What's that noise?
Simone: Sounds like some type of whacking.
Reese: It's probably just some wildlife indigenous to warlock island.
Tabitha: Oh --
Simone: Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
Tabitha: Oh, I feel -- I feel a bit lightheaded. What happened?
Charity: Well, Tabitha, there was a fire on the boat. Miguel saved your
life.
Tabitha: That was very kind of you, Miguel.
Reese: What were you doing on the boat, Tabitha? How did you even know
it was still here?
Jessica: Tabitha almost died, Reese. Leave her alone.
Reese: I saw your doll alive when you were trapped on that boat.
Jessica: Shh!
Miguel: Reese, back off. All right, Tabitha needs to rest.
Charity: Tabitha, Tabitha, how are you feeling?
Tabitha: Oh, you know me, dear. A bit of fire won't keep me down.
Charity: Yes, well, it's a good thing Miguel saw you and your doll on
that boat.
Tabitha: Timmy. Timmy, where is he?
Miguel: Look, I'm sorry, Tabitha, but you dropped him on the way out.
There was no time to get him. I had to get you out of there as quickly as
possible.
Tabitha: You mean --
Charity: We're sorry.
Tabitha: You mean -- Timmy's trapped in there?
Timmy: Princess? Where are you? Timmy's scared.
Tabitha: Timmy!&nbsp;

Sam: Grace, you don't have to take off your shoe. I know you don't have
a scar like that.
Pilar: Well, thank goodness. It looks as if David's lies have finally
been exposed. I mean, Grace would know if she had a scar on her foot, and
so would her husband. Her real husband.
Ivy: You know what they say, Pilar -- it's not over till it's over.
David: I promise you, Grace, you have a scar on your right foot just as
I described.
Sam: Look, you don't know when to quit, do you, Hastings? Your time is
up here. I want you out of here right now.
David: Look, let's make a deal. Grace will take off her right shoe and
check for a scar. If there's no scar, I'll walk out of your life.
Sam: For good?
David: You'll never see me again. You have my word on it.
Sam: Unfortunately, I don't put a lot of stock in your word.
David: Ok. If there's no scar on Grace's foot, you can throw me in jail
again. You can keep me there for a month, and then I'll leave Harmony for
good.
Sam: I don't know what kind of con you're trying to pull here.
David: There's no con. All Grace has to do is take off her shoe, and
you can get rid of me. Or are you afraid, Sam? Are you afraid that there
really is a scar?
Ivy: Well, well, well. Our little friend seems very confident. Maybe he
is telling the truth.
David: Tell me, Sam, are you afraid to face the truth?

Sheridan: It's so nice to be able to sit and relax after our run-in
with Julian.
Luis: Yeah. Let's have a little dessert. We'll get lots of rest for our
big boat trip tomorrow.
Sheridan: Maybe even have a nightcap in between, if you know what I
mean.
Luis: Hmm. I know exactly what you mean. [Laughter]
Luis: The sleaze balls are back. Want to change tables?
Sheridan: No, no, we'll just ignore them. Besides, I can think of much
better things to concentrate on.&nbsp;
Bruce: There's no doubt about it. Julian Crane is definitely a
pro.&nbsp;
Mac: I won't argue with that. He went full steam ahead with that sweet,
young, innocent thing.&nbsp;
Man: And when she wakes up tomorrow morning, she won't be sweet and
innocent anymore.&nbsp;
Bruce: No, Julian is definitely going to show her the ways round the
world.
Man: All around the world.

Luis: Damn Julian has got some poor, innocent girl up in his room.
Sheridan: He always manages to stoop to new lows.
Luis: I'm not going to let him get away with it. No, I'll bet that that
girl doesn't have a brother like Theresa has to look out for her. I'm
going to stop him.
Sheridan: How?
Luis: I'm going to go up to Julian's room right now, that's how.&nbsp;

Mac: Oh, brother. [Laughter]&nbsp;
Bruce: Whoa.

Julian: You know, I was thinking that before we begin our conversation,
you should relax a little.
Theresa: Oh, I'm fine. I'm just anxious for you to adopt Ethan.
Julian: Well, then let's try to get rid of some of that anxiety. Here.
I know exactly how to ease your tension. [Theresa moans]
Julian: That's right, dear. Just relax and enjoy it. I'll make it all
better.

Tabitha: Hold on, Timmy! I'm going to get you out of there!
Miguel: No. Tabitha -- Tabitha, I'm sorry, but you cannot go back for
your doll. It is way too dangerous.
Reese: This is the proof I've been looking for. Tabitha wants to save
her little doll because it's alive.
Jessica: Tabitha is upset enough! Her doll's not alive. She's just --
she's attached to it.
Reese: No, trust me, Tabitha is afraid her little partner in crime is
going to end up a pile of ashes.

Norma: Damn! Damn it! Tabitha's alive. Well, her little friend won't be
so lucky. Well, at least I killed one of them. [As father] you've failed
me, Norma! One out of two isn't good enough. You have to kill them both!

Tabitha: Timmy, hold on! I'm coming for you! Timmy!
Timmy: Princess? Are you there? Don't worry about Timmy. Save
yourselves.
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy, please don't leave me!

Sam: We're going to end this right now. Go ahead, Grace, take off your
shoe.
Grace: Sam --
Sam: I am positive about this. I'm your husband and I know your body. I
know you don't have a scar like that on your right foot.
Ivy: Oh, it's the moment of truth. If Grace has the scar, that means
David knows Grace's body better than Sam does.
Pilar: What are you trying to say?
Ivy: I am saying that it would prove that Grace is married to another
man!
Sam: Go ahead, Grace. Take off your shoe.

Ethan: Listen, I'm going to get out of here. I want to get ready to go
to Bermuda first thing in the morning.
Chad: Oh, hey, look, let me finish up and then we can both walk you
over to Theresa's. And I know you got a bunch of clothes over there.
Whitney: Yeah, that would be cool.
Ethan: Ok. I'm going to get something to read on the plane. I need to
get my mind off Theresa being with Julian.
Chad: Whitney, what's wrong? I told you before, you did the right thing
by telling Ethan about Theresa.
Whitney: Yeah, I just -- I hope it's not too late. I mean, I really get
a terrible feeling about Theresa being down there alone with Julian Crane.

Chad: Hey, Theresa can take care of herself. Trust me, she'll be ok.
Whitney: I don't know. I mean, Julian has a horrible reputation, Chad.
And I'm just afraid that Ethan might find himself in for a shock once he
gets down there. You know, I wonder what Theresa's doing right now.
[Theresa moans]
Theresa: You were right. I do need to relax. This feels so good.
Julian: It's only the beginning, Theresa. If you let me, I'll make you
feel better than you ever have in your life.

Sheridan: You know, you are like every woman's dream -- a true hero.
Luis: Believe me, I am no hero. I'm just protective of young women. I
guess because I've looked after Theresa for all these years.
Sheridan: Well, I think it's wonderful that you're going to confront
Julian.
Luis: Well, I'm not going to let him ruin another innocent girl's life.
Julian! Julian, open up!

Theresa: That's Luis. I wonder what he's doing here.
Julian: Wait! No -- you can't let him know you're in here.
Theresa: Oh, don't be silly. Luis is my brother.
Julian: God!

Tabitha: Hold on, Timmy! Hold on, I'll save you! I'm coming, Timmy!
Tabby's coming!
Charity: No!
Miguel: Tabitha, it's too dangerous!
Charity: Come back!
Norma: Look, father. Tabitha's going back on the boat. She is going to
die tonight. Oh.
Tabitha: Hold on, Timmy! Hold on, Timmy, I'm coming!
&nbsp;







 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site






















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Tuesday 8/14/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
 Tuesday 8/14/01
  Provided by Stephanie
Proofread By
		 Elissia
Kay: There she goes with the gloom and doom thing again.
Simone: Shh.
Kay: And look at Miguel lapping it all up.
Simone: Come on. This is serious. Charity is really upset.
Miguel: Take a deep breath and tell me what this is all about. Come on,
Charity, breathe. Ok. What's going on?
Charity: I had another premonition.
Miguel: Go on.
Charity: I saw Sheridan and I saw Theresa, and they were crying,
Miguel.
Kay: What else is new?
Charity: I saw all of us, too. We were all crying out. [Miguel moans]
Miguel: Oh, God --
Jessica: No!
Reese: Stop!
Simone: No! [Charity moans]
Charity: Something terrible is going to happen, Miguel. I can just feel
it. We're all --
Kay: Doomed.
Simone: Shut up, Kay.
Tabitha: Charity's right, Timmy. It'll be lucky if any of us get off
this island alive.
Timmy: Don't say that, tabby.
Tabitha: We have to face the truth, Tim Tim. This time we're only a
pinhead away from extermination.
Timmy: A pinhead?

Norma: Don't worry, father. I won't let you down. I'll take care of
Tabitha and her brat. [As father] you better, Norma. You've already failed
me once. Don't do it again. [Normal voice] didn't I just finish telling
you I was going to make sure this -- [as father] don't snap at me, girl!
Unless you want a tanning! [Normal voice] oh. I'm sorry, father. It's just
that they've got me so darn mad. After all the trouble they've caused, I'm
going to make them suffer a slow and a horrible death. Ok. Oh. Oh.
[Phone
rings]
Luis: Hello? Ok, thanks.
Sheridan: Who was that? Oh, my goodness. Look at the time. It's so
early.
Luis: That was our wake-up call.
Sheridan: Why would we wake up in the middle of the night?
Luis: Because that's when the fishes get hungry.
Sheridan: Huh?
Luis: Today's our big fishing trip, remember?
Sheridan: Yeah, today, as in "day," meaning when the sun is up.
Luis: Yes, but real fishermen -- they get up at the crack of dawn.
Sheridan: Oh, then I am a faux fisherman.
Luis: Come on, sleepyhead. Now, come on, rise and shine. We're going to
have a wonderful time -- just the two of us out on the blue-green water,
alone, no one else around for miles. We'll be out on the boat. Smell of
sweet, tropical air. We can -- we'll have a picnic on a secluded beach,
and then there will be no one else around, and we can go swim with no
bathing suits. And we can make love.
Sheridan: Hmm. In that order?
Luis: Well, not necessarily. We can always juggle things.
Sheridan: I like the sound of that.
Luis: You're going to like the whole thing. I promise you it's going to
be a trip you'll never forget.
Basil: Well, they should be arriving soon.
June: Sheridan and Luis, all set for a day of fun in the sun.
Basil: It's a good day for fishing. Too bad they won't be around to
catch anything.
June: You want to run another check?
Basil: I just did, Juney moon. The bomb's sitting pretty, ready to
blow. Soon as they get far enough out to sea, it'll be like the fourth of
July -- boom! They'll never even know what hit them. Probably never even
hear it.
June: There's no way anyone on board survives a blast like that.
Basil: Sheridan and Luis will be fish bait.
Julian: Whoopsie.

Theresa: What --
Julian: Here. Hold your glass.
Theresa: What is --
Theresa: For a second, I -- I thought you might be Ethan.
Julian: Oh. No, sweet Theresa. It is I, Julian. Let me pour a wee dram
of this -- I just did, didn't I? God.
Theresa: I'm so sleepy.
Julian: And so very, very beautiful.
Theresa: This bed -- soft. I could stay here forever.
Julian: Oh. What a delicious idea.
Theresa: No. No, I shouldn't go to sleep.
Julian: No?
Theresa: No. Not until we finish talking about Ethan. If you'll just
agree to take him back -- back into the crane family, I'll call him. He'll
fly down here. We can have a romantic wedding on a tropical island.
Julian: Yes, well, we'll talk about Ethan later. Now, you just relax.
You just close your eyes.
Theresa: Hmm, that does feel good.
Julian: Oh, yes. Rest your pretty head.
Theresa: Maybe just for a moment.
Julian: Oh. We'll take all the time we need. There's no rush. We'll
		just savor every delicious moment. Just let me help you unwind.

Miguel: Just take it easy, Charity.
Charity: I'm trying, Miguel, but I'm so afraid something's going to
happen.
Miguel: I know, all right? But it's going to be ok.
Charity: Miguel, I saw them crying out in pain.
Miguel: Everything is going to be all right, Charity. We were all just
shaken up by the fire on the boat. Tabitha almost died. We were all
scared. But it's over. Everything's going to be fine.
Kay: If this isn't proof that Charity is one shrimp short of a Barbie,
then I do not --
Simone: Kay, you stole that from the woman on the "weakest link."
Kay: So, sue me. The point is that Charity is off her rocker. She's
always freaking out about something, and what kind of life would that be
for Miguel? Simone, what he needs is somebody stable -- me.
Miguel: Feeling any better?
Charity: A little. But I really just want to get out of here. I have
such a bad feeling about this place.
Reese: Unfortunately, we're not going to be going anywhere for a while.
As I said before, not only was the boat destroyed, but I still don't have
any e-mail access. Add to that the fact that our cell phones don't work
and you come to the conclusion there's no way for us to tell anybody to
come find us. We're stranded.
Norma: That's right. There's no way off this island, no way to escape.

Luis: Ok. We better get ready and get to the boat.
Sheridan: Can't we be just a little late?
Luis: Come on, now. You said you were really looking forward to a day
of fishing. We're going to catch a ton of fish.
Sheridan: A ton? What'd you rent, a whaler?
Luis: No, I rented a sweet boat for the sweetest woman in the world.
You better kick it into gear so we can get out of here.
Sheridan: I'm still sleepy. Maybe you can think of a good way to wake
me up.
Luis: How's that, huh? Feeling more awake?
Sheridan: I'm still a little groggy. Maybe you should try a little
harder.

Julian: Ah, so smooth. Like cream. She'd make the perfect milkmaid. I
could just see her churning butter.
Theresa: What?
Julian: Oh, there, there, dear.
Theresa: I fell asleep.
Julian: Oh, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. You just close your eyes.
Theresa: No, no, I can't. I can't do that. Not now. This is much too
important. Julian --
Julian: Ahem. Right here, dear.
Theresa: We have to finish talking about your taking Ethan back as your
son.
Julian: Well, we will, but later.
Theresa: Oh. Why don't we just go over to the couch and talk.
Julian: Oh, no. We can talk right here.
Theresa: I've really had more than enough champagne.
Julian: Nonsense. There's no such thing, dear.
Theresa: You know, I would rather go over there. I can clear my head.
Julian: Oh, but your head is perfectly just -- [knock on door]
Julian: Who the hell is that? Probably room service. I told them to
keep the champagne flowing.
Julian: Ethan.
Ethan: Theresa. What's going on here?

Charity: What do you mean we're trapped on this island?
Miguel: No, no, Charity --
Charity: For how long?
Miguel: We are not trapped.
Charity: How many days do we have to be here?
Miguel: Everything is going to be all right.
Charity: I want to believe you, Miguel, but I --
Miguel: We have plenty of water, and we have plenty of food to last us
several days.
Reese: We're well provided for. And once our families realize that
we're late getting back, they'll come looking for us, find us, and we'll
be home.
Kay: Exactly.
Tabitha: If they're all still alive.
Timmy: But Norma's only after Timmy and tabby. She's got no reason to
kill the kids.
Tabitha: She doesn't need a reason, Timmy. Not that one. No, she kills
for the sheer fun of it. Anyway, I wasn't talking about her. I was talking
about those bloody warlocks. Charity's right. If they rise up, then we'll
all be doomed.
Charity: But how long before they realize that we're missing?
Miguel: No, no, Charity, we are not missing. Ok, they know where we
are, so it's not going to take them that long.
Jessica: Right. You know, if we're two minutes late, my parents will be
right here looking for us.
Miguel: Jessica's right. We are going to be fine, ok? Look, let's just
try to relax and try to enjoy the trip, maybe have some fun.
Charity: You know, I'll try, but I can't stop thinking about this
premonition. I'm sorry, but Sheridan and --
Miguel: You are just going to upset yourself more by worrying about
them.
Charity: No, it's not just them, Miguel! It's all of us!
Norma: Oh, you should be worried because come tomorrow morning your
little group will be short one old woman and her smart-aleck brat.

Ethan: Would someone please answer me? What are you two doing together
here?
Theresa: Ethan, I'm so glad you're here. I feel terrible about
everything that's happened.
Ethan: What has happened?
Theresa: I am sorry that your mother's letter was sent to the tabloid.
And even though I wasn't the person who sent it, I did scan it into my
computer, and that let the person who sent it have access to it.
Ethan: What's done is done.
Theresa: But, Ethan, finding out you weren't a crane -- it turned your
whole life upside down. So I want to put it right again. I want to make it
right, and that's why I'm here. I found out that Julian had flown down
here to finalize his divorce, so I followed him to ask him to take you
back as his son, to welcome you back into the crane family. And I can tell
that Julian has given it some serious thought. I mean, we've been talking
about it most of the evening, and he has given his full attention, haven't
you, Julian?
Julian: Full, yes. Theresa can be very persuasive, and she's done a
first-rate job in showing me how wrong I've been.
Ethan: What?
Julian: Well, I can't turn my back on you as my son. There's a place
for you in my life and in the Crane family.
Theresa: Thank you. Thank you, Julian. Thank you so much.
Julian: Ethan.
Ethan: Father. I'm -- I'm so happy we're back together. But even more
important is that I'm back with you, Theresa. I love you so much. That's
why I came here. I had to find you and tell you that I can't live without
you. I want to marry you.
Theresa: Oh, Ethan, I want that so much. I was so afraid that I had
lost you.
Ethan: You'll never lose me. Never. I want to get married as soon as
we can -- right here on the island.
Theresa: Oh, it's all in here! We can be married first thing in the
morning!
Ethan: But this is -- this is a 24-hour chapel. We can get married
right now. Why put it off till morning? I love you, and I want to make you
my wife right now.&nbsp;
Timmy: Timmy's scared.
Tabitha: Oh, well, that's very unlike you.
Timmy: This is bad, bad, bad.
Tabitha: We just have to deal with it as it comes. One thing about
warlocks -- they're not as smart as they think they are.
Timmy: What about Norma?
Tabitha: Well, the only way to keep safe from Norma is to stay with the
kids, stick with the group. There's safety in numbers.
Norma: As soon as the kids hit the hay, I'll make my move, father. I'll
do you proud. Nice. Sharp. Perfect blade. The better to chop them up with.

Miguel: So, why don't we go over what you saw.
Charity: Do we have to, Miguel?
Miguel: I just think it'll help you realize that there's nothing to
worry about.
Charity: Fine.
Miguel: Ok. You saw a fire, and that fire was the source of the danger.

Charity: Right.
Miguel: And there was a boat involved.
Charity: Yeah.
Miguel: Ok, well, Tabitha was in danger temporarily, ok, but she's ok
now, so it's over. Everyone's all right.
Charity: I saw Sheridan and Theresa, Miguel.
Miguel: Ok. Well, could it be possible that you saw the incident right
but the people involved were the wrong ones? I mean, we've all had
Sheridan and Theresa on our minds since the wedding was called off. You
know, so that's probably why you saw them in your premonition.
Charity: You think that's it?
Miguel: In your vision, you saw Theresa on some island in danger. But
that can't be true because she's back in Harmony. And by now I am sure
she's patched things up with Ethan. We're the ones on the island. That
explains what you saw.
Charity: Maybe.
Miguel: Charity, things are good. You've got to believe me. You know,
and even though Luis and Sheridan's wedding didn't happen, they still went
on their honeymoon and they're probably having a great time by now. Ok,
trust me. Luis would never let anything bad happen to Sheridan. Never.

Luis: So, you feeling any better?
Sheridan: Yes, I am wide awake now.
Luis: Good. So then we can enjoy our fishing trip.
Sheridan: Well, if some of what just happened is involved, then it will
be heavenly.
Luis: Good. So, then, you're feeling better, right?
Sheridan: I'm not sure I know what you mean.
Luis: Well, you were a little upset last night that something was going
to go wrong and destroy our happiness. And then I cleared that up and
soothed your fears and told you how much I love you and that nothing would
ever come between us.
Sheridan: Julian and Alistair tried --
Luis: And they failed. And you know why? Because our love is strong.
And nothing can come between us.
Sheridan: I know that.
Luis: You should.
Sheridan: I do. I do feel much better.
Luis: Yeah?
Sheridan: Yeah. Because from now on, I'm thinking positive. Everything
is great.
Luis: Yes.
Sheridan: You and I have a wonderful life ahead of us.

June: I still don't understand why the man would go to such lengths to
kill his own sister and her fiancé.
Basil: None of our business.
June: Well, aren't you curious?
Basil: No.
June: Oh, even a little?
Basil: Julian crane hired us to do a job. The only thing we should be
concerned with is making sure that when Sheridan and her beau head out on
this boat, they never come back alive. Let's go.

Theresa: Oh -- I can't believe it. We're really here.
Ethan: Believe it.
Theresa: We're getting married.
Ethan: Finally.
Theresa: I just wish my family were here.
Ethan: Look, Theresa, I know this isn't exactly what you had in mind --

Theresa: No, not exactly.
Ethan: But I just don't want to -- I don't want to hold off until we
get back to Harmony. And I don't want our families to have to fly here to
the island. We have to make the most of this moment. It's now or never.
And I don't want to take any chances, risk anything else going wrong.
We're doing this.
Theresa: I couldn't agree with you more.
Julian: Ahem.
Ethan: Julian.
Julian: The justice of the peace will be here in a moment.
Ethan: Oh, what about a second witness?
Julian: He's bringing his wife. I'll be the first.
Ethan: Great. Julian, I can't thank you enough.
Julian: Oh, no, no. Thank Theresa. She's the one who showed me the
light.
Man: Shall we get under way?
Ethan: Yes, absolutely.
Woman: Look at them, Henry. Don't they make a lovely couple? So many
couples pass through here, but you two are special -- destined for each
other.
Theresa: Oh, that's what I believe, too.
Henry: Are we ready, then? Then let us begin. Dearly beloved, we are
		gathered here to join this couple in holy matrimony. Ethan, do you take
		Theresa --
Ethan: I do.
Henry: Then by the power vested in me, I now pronounce you husband and
wife. You may kiss the bride.
Woman: Hooray!
Julian: Yes. Hooray.
Woman: Hooray!
Julian: Congratulations. Yes, a round of congratulations is in order.
To a great life together.
Ethan: Thank you, Julian.
Theresa: Thank you -- dad.
Julian: Oh, yes. Well, I'm happy to give you my blessing. To see a
couple as in love as you two and as happy -- it's just --
Ethan: I'm married to the most beautiful bride in the world.
Julian: Ah, beyond a doubt.
Ethan: And I am the luckiest man alive.
Theresa: I still can't believe it. I mean, we're really married.
Ethan: We're husband and wife. We're going to be together forever.
Don't you think we should head back to the hotel?
Theresa: Oh.
Ethan: You know, begin our honeymoon?
Theresa: But my room -- it's small. It's a single bed.
Julian: Ahem. Excuse me. Not to worry. You can use my suite.
Ethan: No, Julian, you don't have to do that.
Julian: Nonsense. It's perfect for your wedding night. I insist.
Ethan: Thank you. This means so much.
Julian: My pleasure.
Theresa: You are so generous, j-- dad.
Julian: Oh. It's your big night. Make it something to remember.
Ethan: It will be.

Reese: You're awful quiet, Tabitha.
Tabitha: Yes, I am.
Reese: Any particular reason?
Tabitha: Reason? You saw what happened on that boat tonight. I'm still
recovering from that. Reason.
Jessica: Leave her alone.
Tabitha: That's why I'm not particularly chatty tonight, Ross.
Reese: It's Reese!
Jessica: We understand. You know, you -- you were in a very traumatic
situation. You know, we're just glad that you didn't die.
Reese: You know, there's still one thing that I'm confused about.
Jessica: Stop it.
Reese: After Miguel rescued you from the boat, you went back to rescue
your doll.
Tabitha: Yes?
Reese: Well, when I looked back at the boat, I saw Timmy running across
the deck. It was as if your doll wanted to get off the boat, too.
Tabitha: Oh, really, Ross. You do have a prodigious imagination.
Reese: Do I?
Tabitha: I should say so. You're telling me that you saw my doll
moving.
Reese: He was!
Jessica: Have you gone crazy?
Reese: I know that doll's alive.
Tabitha: Really. It must've been the flickering of the flames or
something that made you think doll-face here was running.
Reese: [As Tabitha] "it must've been the flickering of the flames or
something --"
Tabitha: Well, what else could it have been?
Reese: [Normal voice] tell me this, then -- after you got that doll
back off the boat, why did you then give him C.P.R. If he's not alive?
Jessica: Would you stop it? Tabitha already told you how much that doll
means to her.
Reese: So much that she chooses to resuscitate him physically?
Jessica: Well, yes. It's like her child, right?
Reese: Jessica, just let her answer the question.
Jessica: Leave her alone. Tabitha has been through hell tonight. You
know, she almost died. Would you just let it go?
Tabitha: Thank you. Thank you, dear.
Miguel: Trust me -- Luis is taking great care of Sheridan. And besides
that, they're not even going to be on a boat. They're on their honeymoon.
Probably won't even leave the room.
Charity: I guess not.
Miguel: And that'll be us soon on our honeymoon.
Charity: The most wonderful day of my life.
Miguel: And we won't want to leave the room, either.
Charity: Miguel --

Kay: It's never going to happen.
Simone: Dream on, Kay.
Kay: Simone, my plan is foolproof. Miguel and I are inevitable.
Simone: What is inevitable is you falling flat on your face.
Kay: When he finds me in his tent naked in his sleeping bag, we're
going to make love tonight, Simone, and then he's going to be mine
forever. You'll see.
Simone: You are making a huge mistake. Beyond huge.
Kay: No. It's going to work. You'll see.
Simone: You really believe that sleeping with a guy is going to make
him fall in love with you?
Kay: Well, it's one of the ways, yeah.
Simone: You are warped. Your plan is depraved.
Kay: Simone, all I know is that I'm not just going to sit back and let
Miguel end up with Charity. His life would be miserable. She is completely
whacked out, and you know it.

Miguel: Hey, I got an idea.
Charity: Tell me.
Miguel: How about you move your sleeping bag into my tent. We can sleep
next to each other tonight, and that way, if you get scared, I'll be right
there.
Charity: Oh, that sounds so nice. Thank you.
Miguel: You don't have to thank me. I love you, and I will do whatever
it takes to make you feel safe and happy.
Simone: Guess your plan is dead in the water, huh, Kay? You can't
seduce Miguel with Charity right next to him.

Theresa: I love when you look at me like that.
Ethan: Theresa, I want to thank you.
Theresa: No, you don't have to.
Ethan: No, I want to thank you for everything you've done. Giving me my
family back -- it means so much to me.
Theresa: I'm just -- I'm just glad I could help. I love you, Ethan,
more than anything.
Ethan: And I love you.
Theresa: Your happiness is all that matters to me.
Ethan: My life will be filled with it as long as you are with me. Look,
Theresa --
Theresa: Hmm?
Ethan: I want to make this night so special for you. I want it to be
everything you ever dreamed of.
Theresa: Oh, but you already have. I mean, everything is perfect. Just
being with you -- that's all I need. And then having you hold me, knowing
that nothing can ever separate us, knowing that you're my husband now and
forever.

Sheridan: Mmm, this is magic. I am so completely happy right now --
even though it is a tad early.
Luis: This is the best time of day, hands down.
Sheridan: Promise me we'll always be this happy.
Luis: Our lives will always be like this. I swear to you.

Timmy: Look --
Tabitha: What?
Timmy: Lights!
Tabitha: Oh. It's the warlocks, Tim Tim. They're getting ready to
strike.
Timmy: This is not good.
Tabitha: Never a truer word was spoke.
Timmy: With Norma ready to chop Timmy and tabby's heads off and the
warlocks hot on Timmy and tabby's heels --
Tabitha: Hmm, not to mention the fact that there's no way we can get
off this dreadful island.
Timmy: Oh, Timmy does not like this one bit.
Tabitha: Oh, you think I'm enjoying myself?
Timmy: This may be one mess that Timmy and tabby can't get out of.
Tabitha: I'm afraid you're right, Timmy. We might not get off this
island in one piece.
Norma: They're here. Oh. Don't be shy. I know you're out there. I also
know you're looking for Tabitha. Well, she's mine. I get her first -- her
and her little friend. Hmm?

Simone: You're lucky your plan to seduce Miguel is about as rotten an
idea as you ever had.
Kay: You know nothing of the rules of love, Simone.
Simone: Please.
Kay: Ok, so I didn't get Miguel tonight.
Simone: Right, because his girlfriend is sleeping right next to him.
Kay: Well, don't forget -- this is only the first night that we're
going to be here. Before we leave this island, Miguel and I will make
love, I'll get pregnant, and we'll be together forever. Whatever it takes,
I'll do it.
Charity: Huh. Just a dream, I guess. Everything's fine. Just relax. Oh.
[Warlock growls]

Luis: Oh.
Sheridan: Wow.
Luis: Now, that's a great-looking boat.
Sheridan: It is.
Luis: Oh, I can't wait to get out on the water with you. Alone at sea
-- that's a feeling like no other.
Sheridan: Sounds glorious.
Luis: I'm going to teach you to fish. You're going to love it.
Sheridan: I am going to love anything so long as it's with you.
Luis: Hmm. You know, someday we're going to be taking a trip like this
as a family, teach the kids to fish. All 10 of them.
Sheridan: Whoa, whoa, whoa. We're back to 10 again? I thought we
settled on six.
Luis: Yeah, I'm back to thinking two teams, full court, five-on-five.
Sheridan: Whatever you want, my love. I love you so much. May every day
for the rest of our lives be as perfect as this one.
Luis: Hmm! [Luis growls] [Sheridan laughs]

Basil: Better enjoy the perfect day while you can because it's going to
be a real short one. Mm-hmm.

Luis: Shall we?
Sheridan: Let's do it.
Luis: All hands on deck.
Sheridan: Yeah.

Theresa: Ethan. I'm more happy than I've ever been. Last night was
incredible. We made love as husband and wife. It was unbelievable. You're
the love of my life, Ethan crane. I want to spend our honeymoon making
love to you over and over again.
Theresa: Let's make love. Let me feel your arms around me, your kisses.
Let's make love again right now.
Julian: Nothing would give me greater pleasure.

Flight Attendant: Is there anything I can get you before we take off?
Ethan: No, I'm ok. I don't think I can concentrate on anything anyways.

Flight Attendant: Is something important waiting for you in the
islands?
Ethan: Um -- only the most important thing in my life. I'm trying to
get my fiancée back. She went down there. We had a misunderstanding.
Flight Attendant: I'm so sorry.
Ethan: No, it's all right. I'm going to get her back. I mean, she went
down to the islands to do something for me. Just now I'm worried she's in
trouble, and that's why I need to find her -- let her know how much I want
to marry her.
Flight Attendant: The whole thing sounds very romantic. Your fiancée's
a lucky woman.
Ethan: I just hope I get down there before anything happens to her. I
love her so much.

Julian: Ooh.
Theresa: Oh, my God. You're -- you're not Ethan. It must've been a
dream Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site

&nbsp;
&nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Wednesday 8/15/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
 Wednesday 8/15/01
  Provided by Stephanie
		Proofread by  Elissia
Ethan: Excuse me. Why hasn't the plane taken off yet?
Flight Attendant: Oh, we will in a minute, sir. I know you're anxious
to see your fiancée.
Ethan: Well, I'm more than anxious. I'm worried she could be in
trouble.
Flight Attendant: We have a phone on the plane.
Ethan: Well, I tried calling her. I can't get through.
Flight Attendant: I'm sorry. You told me she flew down to the islands
in an effort to help you?
Ethan: Yeah, so I've been told. She went down there trying to convince
the man that I grew up believing was my father to take me back into the
family. She's got this idea that that's the only way I'll forgive her for
something she did.
Flight Attendant: Sounds to me like you've already forgiven her.
Ethan: Yeah, I have. I just hope I can get down there before she does
something that she regrets. She's got this way of getting into things way
over her head.
Whitney: There he is.
Chad: We finally found you.
Ethan: Hey. What's going on, guys? Something happen?

Sheridan: This is a first for me.
Luis: What, you mean going fishing?
Sheridan: No, I've been fishing before. Just not with the man I love.
Luis: Yeah. What? What, do I look that funny?
Sheridan: No, no, no. I was just thinking about this game that I used
to play when i was in boarding school in Europe. You know, all the girls
would sit around, and we would fantasize about the most romantic adventure
we could imagine having with the man of our dreams.
Luis: Oh, yeah? What was yours?
Sheridan: It wasn't just mine. It was everyone's. It involved setting
off to sea with a tall, dark, handsome man, just the two of us, doing
whatever we wanted whenever we wanted.
Luis: Hmm.
Sheridan: Swimming, sunbathing, making love.
Luis: Well, then, today must be your lucky day because we're going to
do all those things.
Sheridan: Hmm.
Luis: Although not necessarily in that order.

Basil: She can do whatever she wants in whatever order she chooses
because it's all going to end the same way -- with a big bang. [Basil
laughs]

Sheridan: Are you ready to set sail, captain?
Luis: Actually, you know what? I just thought of something i got to
take care of back at the hotel.
Sheridan: Are you going to go back and talk to Julian? Are you still
upset about that young girl that was in his room last night?

Julian: Oh. [Theresa moans]
Julian: Oh, my God. Oh, my God. You're so fresh and nubile. Oh, so
young. You make me feel like the stud I always fancied myself to be.
Theresa: Don't talk, Julian. Just kiss me.
Julian: Oh, good God. Could life be this sweet and so exciting I don't
even need props to get me in the mood?
Theresa: Shh. No more talking.
Julian: Oh, God, I love it. You're insatiable. So am I, my luscious
one.
Theresa: Oh, Julian.

Chad: Chill out, man. Nothing has happened to Theresa.
Whitney: No, no, we haven't heard anything.
Chad: Look, Whitney and I were on our way out of the terminal when we
heard that there were still some seats available on your flight.
Whitney: So we rushed home and grabbed some clothes, and, you know, we
just kind of thought that you might want some company.
Chad: Hey, look, if we're butting in where we don't belong, you just
give us the word, all right, and we'll 86 ourselves before this baby takes
off.
Ethan: No, no, I'm glad you guys came. It's very decent of you to care
like this.
Chad: Hey, would you get real for a second? Look, man, the four of us
have been through thick and thin together. We ain't about to just leave
you in the dust now, especially with Julian crane involved.
Ethan: What was she thinking, running off down there after him?
Whitney: Ethan, that's just the way she is. I mean, she loves you so
much, she wanted to make things right the only way that she knows how. And
you know what? I'm sure that she is just fine. I'll just feel a little bit
better if I see it for myself, that's all.

Julian: Ah!
Theresa: What are you doing?
Julian: I feel like a young lion.
Theresa: Oh.
Julian: Oh, I feel like i could conquer the world. Now that I'm rid of
ivy, with you in my arms, perhaps I can. And to think I owe it all to your
flying down here to surprise me.
Theresa: I kind of surprised myself.
Julian: Oh. Surprises are just beginning, dear. I'm going to show you
the world. I'm going to take you to places you never even dreamed existed.
We'll go everywhere together. My father be damned.
Theresa: Your father?
Julian: Yes. I'm going to buy you the finest clothes and stay only in
the best hotels. And then when I come home after my day's labor, you'll be
waiting for me with open arms.
Theresa: Stop.
Julian: And we'll make love and then more love and then more love
still, until we're so exhausted we fall asleep until we're ready for more.

Theresa: I love it when you do that!
Julian: Then I'll do it always. Oh, I can't wait till the other
captains of industry see me with you on my arm. They'll know who the real
king of them all is. I'll be the envy of every living, breathing male with
a pulse.
Theresa: Stop it!
Julian: What is it, sweet Theresa?
Theresa: Don't touch me. What are we doing in bed with each other?
Julian: Well -- making love, of course.
Theresa: No!

Sheridan: Are you still worried about that young girl that was up in
Julian's room last night?
Luis: Well, I can't stop thinking about her. I don't care what she said
from behind the bathroom door. There had to be some coercion involved.
Sheridan: I don't know about that, but Julian is a creep when it comes
to women.
Luis: Yeah. Anyway, that's not why I'm going back to the hotel. I
forgot the sunscreen.
Sheridan: Oh. Well, don't worry about that. I can just wear a hat to
cover my face.
Luis: I don't know. Then the rest of you is unprotected. And there's
nothing worse than making love with a sunburn.
Sheridan: And how would my devoted husband-to-be know about that?
Luis: I'm not speaking from personal experience, now. It's just
something I read.
Sheridan: I see.
Luis: Yeah.
Sheridan: Well, do you want me to come with you?
Luis: No. I won't be a minute, and then we'll be out at sea in no time,
all right?
Sheridan: Ok.
Luis: All right.
Sheridan: Hey, look, if you do run into my brother, just don't get
involved. Just walk away.
Luis: Trust me, Julian is the last person that I want to talk to today.
And if I do hear some weird noises coming from the room with that young
lady, I'm not going to promise you I'm not going to check it out.
Sheridan: Even when you're off duty you're on duty.
Luis: It's more than that.
Sheridan: You keep thinking what if that young girl were your sister.
Luis: Yeah, not that she would even give Julian the time of day, much
less spend the night in his room. But it's just that young girls are so
vulnerable with leeches like that running around.
Sheridan: Right. We think we know so much, but we don't till we get
hurt.
Luis: That's why I'm glad Theresa's home in Harmony miles away from
Julian. Look, I'm telling you, Sheridan, brother of yours or not, if
Julian ever laid a hand on my sister, I'd kill him.
Sheridan: I'm sorry my brother's the way he is. I'd give anything to
have a brother that I could be proud of.
Luis: Sheridan, I'm not going to let you apologize for him. The way he
acts has nothing to do with you.
Sheridan: Still, it would just be so wonderful if I could have a
brother that, you know, you could like and respect, maybe even hang out
with, someone that would make a terrific uncle to our children.
Luis: Will you stop it? Look, you can't be responsible for the way
other people act, even if they're your family. Your brother's got all your
father's genes. You got all the good ones. You sure you weren't adopted?
Sheridan: I'm sure. People say I'm just like my mother.
Luis: I would have loved to have met her.
Sheridan: I'd have loved that, too. You know, even though I didn't get
to know her because she died when I was so young, I do know that she
would've loved you. She would've admired you so much for your concern and
respect for others.
Luis: Nah --
Sheridan: The way you protect those that aren't strong enough to
protect themselves. I hope Theresa realizes how lucky she is to have a
brother like you.
Luis: No, we're both lucky. She's the best kid sister in the world.
And, well, since papa disappeared when she was just a kid, and then my
oldest brother, Antonio, disappeared after that -- well, someone had to
look out for her. And it was me. I guess that's why when I see Julian in a
crumpled bed and a bottle of champagne and hear some young woman's voice
behind a bathroom door, I think of Theresa. Even though it's not Theresa,
I think of her and that girl in the same way, and I just couldn't imagine
someone like Julian taking advantage of her.
Sheridan: That's why I love you so much.
Luis: Did I mention how happy i am that Theresa's a thousand miles
away? All right. I'll be right back.
Sheridan: Ok.
Luis: Hey. Keep an eye on my lucky fishing hat for me, will you?
Sheridan: You bet.

Chad: Thanks.
Whitney: You know, it's funny. An hour ago I was checking my watch,
making sure I wasn't going to be late to tennis practice. And now here I
am flying off to the islands. This is definitely something Theresa would
do, not me.
Chad: If you ask me, you could use a little bit of Theresa's
devil-may-care attitude.
Whitney: Yeah, well, I sure don't remember asking you.
Chad: Yeah, well, all I'm saying is that you just worry too much. All
right, look, you can call your tennis coach when we get down there and
just tell him that something came up.
Whitney: Ok. Now what about my folks?
Chad: Whitney, we've been through that, all right, so stop worrying
about what they're going to say.
Whitney: You know what? Why don't I just make you a deal, Chad? I'm not
going to talk about my folks anymore if you stop talking about our
relationship all the time.
Chad: Oh, but I thought we didn't have one.
Whitney: Uh --
Chad: Gotcha!
Whitney: You know what? You are just -- you're impossible. Excuse me. I
think I'm going to go to the bathroom.
Ethan: It's not going too well with Whitney, huh?
Chad: Man, ever since she made that promise to Simone at the hospital,
she's been determined to shut me out of her life. You know, I could deal
with that, too, if I thought that's what she wanted. But I don't. Man, I
know that fire's still smoldering. She just won't cop to it.
Ethan: Maybe when she sees Theresa and me working things out, she might
rethink what she's given up.
Chad: From your lips to God's ears, man. If only Simone hadn't got hit
by that car. Then Whitney never would've made that crazy promise. We'd be
doing fine right now.
Ethan: If only Theresa never would've copied that letter my mother sent
to Sam Bennett into her computer, the tabloid would've never found out
anything and we'd be married right now.
Chad: If only. If only.
Ethan: Yeah, two words that belong right next to "would've, should've,
could've," in the dictionary.
Chad: You ain't lying. But you know what, man? I don't think either one
of us can afford to just drown ourselves in pity. You know what I'm
saying? Yo, I think we just need to look at these obstacles tossed in our
paths as tests.
Ethan: How do you figure that?
Chad: Well, if our feelings for Theresa and Whitney are strong enough,
then we slay the dragon, man, and we prove ourselves to both them and to
the big guy upstairs.
Ethan: If you're listening up there, I love Theresa and nothing is
going to keep me from her.
Chad: Right on, man.

Julian: Don't be alarmed, my little treasure trove of delicacies.
Theresa: Don't touch me!
Julian: Oh. But, sweet Theresa, please --
Theresa: I don't understand any of this. I had a dream about Ethan. It
was a wonderful dream where i was making love to him.
Julian: Well, I had a dream, too. I dreamed I was making love to you.
Theresa: Then it wasn't real? I mean, nothing happened between you and
me?
Julian: Oh, I don't think that's true. You see, I dreamed of our
lovemaking after we really had made love.
Theresa: Oh, no. No. No, it can't -- it can't be.
Julian: Why deny something so excruciatingly earthshaking, so
magnificently, mouthwateringly right?
Theresa: No -- no, it's -- it's not right! I love Ethan. I don't love
you. I came here to talk to you about him, about reinstating him as your
son!
Julian: Well, I hardly think that would be appropriate, given the
situation.
Theresa: This can't be true. You -- you had a dream about me and it's
just seemed real, that's all.
Julian: Well, I see I'm going to have to refresh your memory. I'm a bit
fuzzy myself on some of the details, but I obviously have a better grasp
than you on the events of last night. You do remember our drinking
champagne, yes?
Theresa: Yes. Yes. I remembered the way -- the way it tickled my nose.
Julian: Right.
Theresa: I had too much.
Julian: And -- and we talked and we talked until you didn't want to
anymore. And then we climbed into bed and I helped you off with your
clothes.
Theresa: No. No.
Julian: I -- I was only trying to be helpful. You said you were way too
warm.
Theresa: And -- and then what happened?
Julian: Well, what happened is what normally happens when two very
attractive people find themselves in such delicious circumstances. We
kissed, kissed some more. Then nature took its course, and our two bodies
melded into one.
Theresa: Oh, my -- are you telling me that we did it?
Julian: Once, twice, three times. And, no, I'm happy to tell you, you
were not a lady.
Theresa: Oh, my God. Oh, God. This -- this can't be --
Julian: Well, why resist this, Theresa? You dreamed we were making
love, I dreamed we were making love because we actually did make love.
Theresa: Oh, no. Tell me that I'm -- that I'm dreaming now. Tell me
that this is a nightmare and that I'll wake up!
Julian: Well, why are you getting so worked up? It's not as if you made
love to a married man, after all. My divorce from ivy was final at
midnight. It was perfectly proper.
Theresa: No, it isn't. [Knock on door]
Maid: Housekeeping. Is
everything all right in there?
Julian: Yes! Everything is fine!
Theresa: What have I done? Oh, what have I done?
Julian: Now, calm down, dear.
Theresa: No --
Julian: I won't tell anyone our little secret. No one need ever know.
Hmm?

Sheridan: Hmm. Well, if tom hanks can talk to a volleyball, then I can
certainly talk to Luis' fishing cap. So, tell me, hat, when did it all
happen? When did my bad luck turn good, my fantasy become a reality? I
have everything I could ever dream of. Who knew it was possible to feel
this way -- so safe, so secure, so much hope for the future. Singer: How
many times when my heart was broken visions of you would keep me strong?
You were with me all along guiding my every step you were all that I am
and I'll never forget it was you who first believed in all that I was made
to be it was you looking in my eyes you held my hand and showed me life
and I've never been the same since you first believed
Sheridan: Thank you, God. I'm going to spend every day for the rest of
my life thanking you.

June: I don't care what you say. I hate this.
Basil: Oh, shut up and help me think. This guy Luis screwed us up big
time by going back to the hotel. I got to reset the timer on that bomb so
it doesn't go off before they're out at sea.
June: But it's already on the boat. How are you going to get past the
girl?
Basil: How did I ever hook up with someone so negative? Stop
bellyaching long enough for me to tell you. [Basil whispers]

Whitney: Hey.
Ethan: Hey. I think I'm going to try to get a hold of Theresa at the
hotel again.
Whitney: So, how's Ethan doing?
Chad: About as good as you'd expect. We didn't just talk about him,
though. He asked about you and me.
Whitney: Chad, for the last time, there is no you and me.
Chad: I know, I know, there is no you and me. And you could keep saying
that till the cows come home, but I still don't buy it. For one thing, I
know you wouldn't have gotten on this plane if you didn't still have some
feelings for me.
Whitney: I have feelings for Theresa. I'm worried that she's making the
biggest mistake of her life.
Chad: Ok. Look, I know that Julian crane's a pig, but what's the worst
that could happen? I mean, she goes to him, pleads her case for Ethan,
maybe he gets drunk and makes a sleazy pass at her. I mean, she can handle
that.
Whitney: Yeah, I mean -- I guess.
Chad: Yeah, I mean, like I said before, it's a huge resort with
hundreds of guests and staff. If she gets into some serious trouble, all
she's got to do is just yell "help" and it's all over.
Whitney: Yeah, but you don't know Theresa the way I do. When she wants
something bad enough, she puts on blinders. I mean, she's so focused on
her mission that she doesn't pick up on signs of trouble. And when she
finally realizes what's going on, it could be too late.

Theresa: I don't believe you. I don't believe that you and -- I
couldn't have. I would never do what you said that we did.
Julian: My God, you cut me to the quick. Certainly you remember
something about our night of passion.
Theresa: No, I don't remember anything because it didn't happen.
Julian: Theresa, the proof is right in front of you. Sheets don't get
this tangled from mere sleeping. And as you might recall, we were both
naked.
Theresa: I know that I drank and I'm not used to alcohol, but all I
remember is trying to convince you to reinstate Ethan as a crane, and I
thought that I was getting through to you.
Julian: Oh, you were and you posed excellent arguments, but do you also
remember that it was too noisy to continue our conversation in the dining
room?
Theresa: That's right. You wanted us to come up to your room, and I
thought that it would be ok.
Julian: Oh, it was more than ok, I assure you.
Theresa: All I remember is making love to Ethan.
Julian: Well, but Ethan is back in Harmony. I'm here. I'm the one that
you slept with.
Theresa: But I would never have willingly done anything with you.
Julian: Wait, now. I -- I certainly hope you're not accusing me of --
of rape or -- or -- I've done a lot of underhanded things in my life, but
I've never once forced a woman to make love to me. No, you -- you were
right there, Theresa. You wanted it as much as I did.
Theresa: Oh, no, I must've thought that you were Ethan.
Julian: Well, do you really think anyone will believe that?
Theresa: Oh, my God. What am I going to do? My brother.
Julian: What about your brother?
Theresa: Luis is staying here at the hotel. I need to find him, and I
need to tell him what's happened!
Julian: Tell him?

Luis: Morning.
Maid: Good morning. I hope you and your friend are
having a better time than that young woman in the room next door.
Luis: Why is that? Did something happen?
Maid: Between you and me, I
could've sworn I heard her crying in there a few minutes ago.
Luis: That creep. I warned him. Julian! Julian, open up! It's Luis!

Sheridan: Too long. I don't think that'll fit on my checks.
June: Hello.
Sheridan: Oh.
June: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle you.
Sheridan: Oh. It's ok. I thought you were my husband -- husband-to-be.
Can I help you with something?
June: Maybe. My boyfriend and I were just admiring your boat. We're
thinking of buying one ourselves.
Sheridan: Oh, oh, it's not my boat. We're just renting it for the day.
You know what? If you'd like, I could give you a tour.
June: Would you? I don't mean to pry, but is your husband-to-be that
adorable man I just passed on the dock a few minutes ago?
Sheridan: Well, I do tend to be a little biased, but, yeah, that was
probably Luis.
June: Good for you.
Sheridan: He is adorable inside and out. I'm a lucky woman. [Noise]
Sheridan: That's odd.

Whitney: Did you reach her?
Ethan: No. Still got her cell phone turned off. I tried the hotel
switchboard, and there's no answer in her room. I mean, where could she be
at this hour?
Whitney: You know, she's probably got the ringer off so that she can
just sleep in.
Ethan: Yeah. I just -- I don't know why I'm so worried about her
talking to Julian. It's not like he's going to make a play for her or
anything. The last time he was up to something like that, I gave him a
piece of my mind. He would never do that again. No. There's no way he'd do
that.

Luis: What's going on in there, Julian? You better not be taking
advantage of that young girl.
Julian: Oh, my God. Please, don't let him know you're in here. Whatever
you think of what we did last night, you'd be signing my death warrant.
Luis: For the last time, Julian, open the door so I can see that she is
all right.
Julian: Come back later! I'm sleeping! Maid: I know I heard a girl
crying in there before.
Luis: Miss, are you all right? You need help? Maybe she left.
Julian: I'm quite alone in here, not that it's any of your business!
Can't a man sleep in in the morning after he celebrated his divorce?
Luis: I don't like it, but I don't feel justified breaking the door
down.
Julian: Oh. Thank God you came to your senses and didn't blow the
whistle on me.
Theresa: I should've said something. I need to talk to someone.
Julian: But you can talk to me. You did exactly the right thing, not
only for me but for your brother. Because if Luis had killed me -- and we
both know that he would've -- he'd spend the rest of his life in prison on
a murder charge. Is that what you want?
Theresa: No, of course not.
Julian: Well --
Theresa: I can't think straight.
Julian: You're making this really much worse than it is. Now, what
happened between us happened between two mutually consenting adults of our
free will.
Theresa: How can you say that? I didn't even know it was you.
Julian: Well, you know, so we had a bit too much to drink. I mean, why
regret what happened? Maybe we wouldn't have had the evening we had if
we'd been sober. But I, for one, will remember it fondly for the rest of
my life.
Theresa: It's not the same for me! I was -- I was drunk, I was tired,
and all I wanted to do was lie down!
Julian: Oh, but you did so much more.
Theresa: Just stop it! You just stop saying things like that! [Vase
breaks]
Luis: That's it, Julian! You better open the door this second or I'm
breaking it down! [Pounding on door]
Luis: Julian!

Sheridan: Sounded like it came from the galley.
June: That's what it was.
Sheridan: What?
June: That sea gull. It just flew up from the deck. Must've been
onboard scrounging for food.
Sheridan: Well, better a hungry bird than an intruder.
June: So, tell me more about this fiancé of yours. Was it love at first
sight?
Sheridan: No. No, not quite. We actually couldn't even stand the sight
of each other at first. You know, looking back on it now, I realize how
ridiculous it was. One of our problems was that we just came from two
different worlds.
Sheridan: When I was falling in love with Luis, I couldn't believe it
at first. But now I'm -- I'm the happiest woman in the world.
June: Don't tell me any more. I'm already green with envy. I don't
think I'll ever have feelings that strong about my guy.
Sheridan: Well, I'm not one to give advice on relationships, but you
know what I think? I think it's better to be alone until you find the man
of your dreams. Otherwise you just end up selling yourself short.
June: You may be right. I'll think about that.
Sheridan: Well, I never gave you your tour.
June: No, that's ok. It was more fun talking to you, anyway. Bye.
Sheridan: Bye.
June: Did you do it?
Basil: All set -- or should I say "reset." That bomb won't go off until
Blondie and her boyfriend are miles out to sea. Now what?
June: I feel even worse about this job than I did before. She's so
happy and in love. Maybe the bomb will detonate but they'll survive.
Basil: Oh, forget about it. Nobody's walking or swimming away from this
explosion.

Chad: Well, all I know is I'm just glad we're going down to the islands
to check on Theresa.
Ethan: You don't think Julian would do anything to her, do you?
Chad: Look, man, I don't know the guy like you do. I'm just not a very
big fan. Better safe than sorry, right?
Ethan: Right.
Julian: I'm not talking about the ballet, Ethan. I'm talking about your
date with Pilar's daughter. What's her name?
Ethan: Theresa, and it wasn't a date.
Julian: Well, fine. How'd it go? You sew a few wild oats?
Ethan: No. We went to the ballet, I went to the party afterward, and
then she went home.
Julian: Oh, come off it, Ethan. You can tell me.
Ethan: There's nothing to tell, father. Theresa and I don't have a
sexual relationship. We don't have any kind of relationship.
Julian: All right. I can understand if you'd rather not talk about it
with your old man. Hmm. But you're a hot-blooded young man, and I can't
believe you haven't noticed the body on that girl. She's
incredible-looking.

Ethan: Julian's capable of a lot of things, but I don't think he'd make
a real play for Theresa. Not after everything that's happened. I mean, for
one, he knows how much I love her. He knows that we're going to get
married.
Whitney: But didn't he go down there to get a divorce from your mom?
Ethan: Yeah, I mean, it's true. Not my father anymore -- so that could
mean all bets are off.

Luis: Julian, you better open this door right now or it's coming down
and so are you.
Julian: Whoa, whoa, whoa. If you let him in, it will be the end of life
as we know it for all of us. You just think about what Ethan will say when
he finds out what we did last night, hmm?
Luis: Julian, I'm going to give you to the count of five! Five, four,
three, two --
Julian: What the devil --
Luis: Where is she?
Julian: Where's who, for God's sake?
Luis: The young girl you were with last night, that's who. I just want
to talk to her and make sure that she's ok.
Julian: I told you -- she's gone.
Luis: What happened here?
Julian: Your pounding startled me out of bed. When I got up, I knocked
it over. You satisfied, officer? Not that you have any jurisdiction down
here.
Luis: So you say this young lady left early this morning?
Julian: Well, this "young lady," as you put it, was actually a working
girl, if you know what I mean. We had a little argument over money. She
seemed to think that's what I was made of.
Luis: You're a pig. Listen, miss, if you're still here, please come
out. I promise nothing's going to happen to you. I just want to see for
myself that you're ok. One more thing. Look, I don't care what your job
is, but I'd get away from this loser as fast as you can. I'm sure you can
do much better.
Julian: Don't you have someplace to go? Isn't my sister waiting for you
somewhere?
Luis: Actually, she is. And thank God she and I will be far away from
you today. [Door slams]
Julian: Today and forever. [Door closes]
Theresa: This is a nightmare.
Julian: Oh. Not anymore. We're out of the woods. It's over. No one is
the wiser.
Theresa: Why do I get the feeling it's only going to get worse?

Luis: I'll tell you, your brother's still the biggest lowlife I've ever
come across.
Sheridan: You're not telling me anything I don't already know.
Luis: It doesn't concern us. I just -- I feel bad for the girl who got
herself involved with him, you know?
Sheridan: Hey, you tried to warn her. What else could you do?
Luis: Yeah, you're right. Instead of thinking about a downer like that,
why don't we focus on what a positive day it's going to be for us, right?
Sheridan: Mm-hmm.
Luis: Yes. Man the ship. [Sheridan giggles]

Basil: As soon as they hit the open seas -- boom. End of the perfect
life. They'll never know what hit them. [Basil chuckles]
Flight Attendant: We'll be landing shortly. Please fasten your seat
belts.
Ethan: You know, it's funny. When I thought I was a crane, I thought
that name came with a life of no problems.
Chad: And now that you're one of us common people?
Ethan: I know nobody gets a free ride.
Chad: Mm-hmm. Yeah, but it's much nicer when you're not going it alone.
Maybe someday you'll figure that out.
Whitney: Come on, Chad. We're talking about Ethan right now, ok?
Ethan: Ok, you two. I just meant, sure, there are bumps in the road,
but, you know, Chad's right. You go through them easier with someone.
That's why I know Theresa and I are going to be ok -- because we love each
other and we're going to get married and we'll live together forever.

Theresa: I still don't understand how this happened. Everything was
wonderful in my dream. I was marrying Ethan, and we slipped wedding bands
on each other's fingers.
Theresa: How did -- how did that get here?
Theresa: Oh, my God.
Julian: It can't be.
Theresa: Tell me we're not married.


 Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;&nbsp;

 &nbsp;




















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Thursday 8/16/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">



&nbsp;


 Thursday 8/16/01 &nbsp;

  Provided by Stephanie
 Proofread by  Elissia
 &nbsp;

Hank: Hey, brother! I just saw your car outside. I wanted to know if
you want to shoot some hoops before you get your day started.
Sam: My day's already started.
Hank: You look pretty intense. Tough case?
Sam: Toughest case of my life. But I'm about to crack it wide open.
Hank: How so?
Sam: Well, I sent the F.B.I. An e-mail to get a background check on
this guy.
Hank: Well, who is he?
Sam: He claims to be Grace's first husband.
Hank: What? Grace has a first husband? No way.
Sam: That's right. Absolutely no way.

Grace: Hey, I need 200 rolls of the gift wrap and three gross of the
shopping bags. Yeah, I've bought from you before. The store is Grace's
treasures. You're speaking to Grace. Bennett. Yeah, my last name is
Bennett. Ok. Thank you.
David: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle you.
Grace: What do you want?
David: I was just wondering where the laundry facilities are here in
the bed-and-breakfast.
Grace: There's a washer and dryer in the mud room.
David: Thank you. Grace, you seemed to be pretty upset on the phone
just now as if you weren't sure what your last name was.
Grace: I don't know what you mean.
David: I think you do. And it's all my fault, and I am so sorry. I've
turned your world upside down, and it's all been a huge mistake.

Basil: Ah, there's the boat. Want to take a look?
June: No, thanks. I'm still not sure we did the right thing, Basil.
Basil: We're working for Julian Crane, who paid us a pile of money. It
was the right thing, believe me.
June: I thought so, too, but now that I've met Sheridan Crane, I'm
having second thoughts about having planted that bomb.
Basil: Oh, come on, June. It's too late for that now.
June: I can't help the way i feel. Sheridan Crane is too young. She's
too happy to die.
Basil: At least she'll have company. When that boat blows, her
boyfriend, Luis, will go with her.
Sheridan: This is so beautiful!
Luis: Ha-ha! You happy?
Sheridan: Yes! I've never been happier in my life. I'm with the man I
love, far away from everything and everyone. I hope this day never ends.
Luis: Good, because I hope it'll last forever, too.
Sheridan: I could stay beside you like this for the rest of my life.
Luis: Hmm.

Ethan: Hey, I'm going to try the hotel again to see if I can get a hold
of Theresa.
Whitney: I'm sure they'll put you through now that it's morning.
Chad: So, this is Bermuda! Girl, this is sweet.
Whitney: Yeah, this is just the airport.
Chad: Yo, Whitney, I know it's not your style to be spontaneous like
this, but ain't you glad you did?
Whitney: Well, I'm glad I'm here to make sure that Theresa's ok.
Chad: Yeah. Yeah, me, too. Her coming down here to talk to Julian Crane
was not a good idea.
Whitney: It was a terrible idea. I mean, everybody knows what kind of
lech Mr. Crane is. But she was so determined to try to convince him to
take Ethan back into the family.
Chad: Well, hey, who knows? I mean, maybe she pulled it off, you know?
Maybe she already convinced Julian to take Ethan back.
Whitney: Well, if she has, then that means we came down here for
nothing.
Chad: Oh, maybe not. I have heard that Bermuda happens to be one of the
most romantic places in the world.

Ethan: Are you sure you're ringing the right room?
Clerk: Yes, sir. But there's no answer in ms. Lopez Fitzgerald's room.
Ethan: Well, try again, please. I mean, it's early. She should be
there.

Theresa: Well, this can't be true. I mean, we can't be married.
Julian: Well, of course we're not married.
Theresa: Well, then, why are we wearing wedding rings, Mr. Crane?
Julian: Well, I have no idea, but I do know that we are not married.
I'd never buy cheap gold bands like this. It's out of the question. It
must be some kind of joke.
Theresa: Well, I don't remember last night. I mean, I know that I came
down here to try to convince you to take Ethan back into your family, and
we were in the dining room.
Julian: Yes, yes, I remember that.
Theresa: And you kept pouring champagne, and then you said that we
should come up here to discuss it privately.
Julian: Yes, I remember that, too.
Theresa: And we kept, you know, drinking more champagne, and then I got
tired, I fell asleep. And I had this dream that I married Ethan. And then
I woke up. Well, then, I realized that Ethan wasn't here.
Julian: Well, I should hope not.
Theresa: Oh, and then I woke up with you -- naked! Is it possible? Can
		we be married?

Hank: So, let me get this straight. This guy comes back, claiming to be
Grace's first husband. You administer a psychological test, and he passes.

Sam: Right.
Hank: Then you give him a polygraph test, and he passes that.
Sam: That's right.
Hank: Then you get a copy of a legal marriage certificate saying that
he and Grace were married in Hartford, right?
Sam: Right again.
Hank: And he knows about Grace's sister, faith, that she likes honey in
her tea and that her and her sister both have psychic premonitions?
Sam: It all sounds pretty convincing when you lay it out like that.
Hank: Well, I'd hate to admit it, but, yeah, it does. Sounds like this
guy could be for real.
Sam: Yeah. I agree, it does.
Hank: So what makes you so sure that he's lying? I mean, maybe he was
married to Grace before she met you. Maybe it was the amnesia that knocked
it out of her mind.
Sam: Grace was never married to David Hastings, all right? He's nothing
but a con artist.
Hank: Well, what's the con he's trying to pull? What does he want?
Sam: I haven't figured that out yet. When I get his background check
from F.B.I., I might have an idea. Check this out.
Hank: F.B.I. Profile?
Sam: Yeah. I did some research using David's M.O., And he fits the
F.B.I. Profile of a con man perfectly.
Hank: Hmm. Usually, a drifter with an unstable background.
Sam: Yeah, usually, they pick their victims through magazine articles
or newspaper stories. David admitted that he read about Grace in a
national magazine that covered our house being destroyed.
Hank: Hmm. But was all that personal information about Grace in the
article?
Sam: Yeah. But you can get that kind of information on the internet if
you know how to search for it.
Hank: So, what's his excuse for not showing up till now after all these
years?
Sam: Well, he says he was traveling out of the country, supposedly as a
photographer on assignments, and he didn't know where Grace was until he
saw that magazine article. And then he conveniently lost all his papers
and records that would tie him to Grace in a boating accident.
Hank: Poor Grace. How's she handling all this? What's her reaction to
this David Hastings guy?

Grace: Are you saying that you were lying to me and that you were never
married to me?
David: No.
Grace: Oh, but you just said that you were --
David: No, Grace, everything that I ever said was the truth. You're my
wife. We were married in Hartford over 20 years ago. One day you just
disappeared, and I've been searching for you ever since.
Grace: This isn't making any sense. You just said that you were sorry
and that this was all a terrible mistake, that --
David: Grace, what I meant was how it all happened, how I just storm
into your life and -- and just tried to reclaim you. And ever since I read
that magazine article, I never stopped to think if you were married to
someone else. I certainly didn't know you had amnesia and that you
wouldn't remember me. I just wanted to hold you in my arms. I love you too
much to ever hurt you, Grace. I should have -- I should have thought of a
better way to approach you.
Grace: There isn't way you could have approached me that wouldn't have
shaken me to the core. I mean, I can hardly breathe when I think that in
the eyes of God I could be married to somebody other than Sam.
David: Yeah, I can see that you are pretty shaken up by this.
Grace: Do you have any idea what this is doing to Sam? Or me? Or my
children if they should find out?
David: I would imagine it would come as quite a shock.
Grace: Please don't do this. You seem like a decent man. If this is
about some scam for you to get money from us, I will give you everything i
have. I mean, it's not much because we're not rich, but, please, if you
have any decency at all, just tell me the truth. Am I your wife?

June: It's not as if we're putting Sheridan out of her misery. She's so
totally happy. She seems to have so much to live for.
Basil: Will you cut it out? If I'd have known you were going all sappy
on me, I would have used someone else for the job.
June: I wish you had. I'm sorry I got all mixed up in this.
Basil: Well, it's too late now. In just a little while, Luis and
Sheridan will be heading out to do some deep-sea fishing. When that bomb
blows, it'll be the end of them.

Luis: Would you mind taking over for a minute? I'm going to get our
fishing gear ready.
Sheridan: Aye-aye, captain.
Luis: Aye-aye!
Ethan: Well, any luck?
Clerk: I'm sorry, sir. There's still no answer in ms. Lopez
Fitzgerald's room.
Ethan: I can't understand. Where could she be?
Clerk: We do have a Luis Lopez Fitzgerald staying with us.
Ethan: That's her brother. I didn't know they were staying in the Same
hotel. Luis and Sheridan are here in Bermuda, too. Maybe Theresa's with
them.
Whitney: You know, if Luis is keeping an eye on Theresa, then there's
no way Julian would try to put a move on her.
Chad: Luis would kill him.
Ethan: Would you ring Luis Lopez Fitzgerald's room, please?
Clerk: I'm sorry, sir. He and ms. Crane left very early this morning
for a fishing trip.
Ethan: Wait. Can I speak to Julian Crane?
Clerk: Yes, sir. [Phone rings]

Theresa: No, no, no, don't answer! We have to figure this out before we
talk to anyone. Ok.
Clerk: I'm sorry, sir. Mr. Crane's room is not answering, either.
Ethan: Oh. All right, thanks. I'll be at the hotel soon anyways. If you
would, if ms. Lopez Fitzgerald comes in, will you tell her Ethan called?
Clerk: Of course.
Ethan: Thanks. Well, Theresa's not answering the phone in her room, so
let's just go to the hotel.
Whitney: You know, she's probably at the beach.
Chad: Or maybe she's having breakfast.
Ethan: Yeah. I'm sure we'll find her. I can't wait to see her.

Theresa: Oh. Thank goodness whoever it was hung up. Now to figure this
out.
Julian: You figure it out. I need a bloody.
Theresa: Oh. As I said, I had too much champagne and I got tired, so I
laid down and I fell asleep and I had this dream.
Ethan: I want to make this night so special for you. I want it to be
everything you ever dreamed of.
Theresa: Oh, but you already have. I mean, everything is perfect. Just
being with you -- that's all I need. And then having you hold me, knowing
that nothing can ever separate us, knowing that you're my husband now and
forever.
Theresa: And then I woke up, and I realized that Ethan wasn't here.
Instead, you were. You were beside me in the bed -- naked! I mean, why
were you in bed with me? What did you do to me?
Julian: Wait a minute. If you think you can pin some sort of rape
charge on me, you're sorely mistaken.
Theresa: Rape? Oh, my -- oh, my, God!
Julian: I promise you, Theresa, I -- I did not rape you! I assure you!
I would never have gotten into bed with you if you hadn't asked me.
Theresa: Oh, my God.
Julian: Oh, good God! Can life be this sweet? You're so exciting, I
don't even need props to get me in the mood.
Theresa: Shh, no more talking.
Julian: Oh, God, I love it. You're insatiable. So am I, my luscious
one. Mmm. No, you wanted me, Theresa, as much as I wanted you.
Theresa: No. No, I would never invite you into my bed. No. No, I would
never make love to you. Unless it was our wedding night.

Sam: Oh, good. The F.B.I. Sent my request. They're going to be sending
over the background check later on today.
Hank: Yeah.
Sam: I'm going to go check on Grace.
Hank: Well, I'm coming with you.
Sam: Good. You know, you asked the Same question I've been asking
myself over and over -- why did this guy come now when Grace and I have
just got back together again? I mean, why now?

Grace: I have to know the truth. Were we married years ago? Am I your
wife?
David: Grace, I'd do anything to take away your pain. But I swear to
you by all that's holy, you are my wife. We were married in the eyes of
God.
Grace: Dear God. How am I supposed to deal with this? I feel like the
earth is moving under my feet, like I'm in an earthquake or -- could the
life that Sam and I created together just be swept away like the first 20
years of my life? No. I am not going to let that happen because I love Sam
and my life is here in this bed-and-breakfast, in this town, with my
family and my friends. I have lost it all before. I am not going to lose
everything again.
David: Grace, what is it? What's wrong? Grace?
Grace: I have the most terrible feeling that it's all over for all of
us.

Theresa: Ok, Mr. Crane, ok, let's try to remember. You have to remember
what happened last night because I would never in a million years make
love to you unless we were married.
Julian: But that's -- it's impossible. Why would I marry you? All I
want to do -- anyway, I -- I remember being in the dining room.
Theresa: Right.
Julian: We came up here.
Theresa: Mm-hmm.
Julian: We both had too much champagne to drink.
Theresa: Right.
Julian: You got sleepy.
Theresa: Mm-hmm.
Julian: You laid down. I got very sleepy, got into bed next to you. We
both had dreams.
Theresa: Yes, I dreamed that i married Ethan.
Julian: I dreamed I was making love to you. And we both -- we woke up,
and I was here, not Ethan --
Theresa: Right.
Julian: So, ipso facto, you and I must have made love together.
Theresa: Oh, no, no. No, no, no, no, no.
Julian: Oh, yes, dear. But -- and it's a very big but -- we did not get
married. I mean, how could we in the middle of the night?
Theresa: Well, I hope you're right because it's horrible enough that i
might have made love to you. I mean, I would never forgive myself if I
ever betrayed Ethan. No, but it would be even worse if you and I were
actually were married.
Julian: Well, I can think of worse fates, dear.
Theresa: Ok, Mr. Crane, Ethan is the only man that i've ever wanted or
dreamed of. Well, he's the only man that i would ever want to marry.
Julian: Well, then, you don't have to worry about it because you and I
are not married!
Theresa: Right.
Julian: Yeah.
Theresa: Ok. Well, you can't tell anyone that we spent the night
together.
Julian: No!
Theresa: I mean, if Luis found out, well, he would just kill you. And I
was so scared when he was here.
Julian: Oh, sticking his nose in where it didn't belong, thinking I was
taking advantage of some young girl -- ho-ho-ho.
Theresa: Well, he can never know that it was me, Mr. Crane.
Julian: Well, I have no reason to ever tell him. My lips are sealed --
hmm.
Theresa: Ok. Well, then, I am going to my room. And I'm going to take a
shower, and then I'm going to get the first flight back to Harmony.
Julian: That's a very good idea, my dear.
Theresa: Oh my God.
Julian: What is it?
Theresa: It's a brochure. I mean, for the 24-hour wedding chapel here
at the resort here. What's it doing in my purse?
Julian: What? Let me see this. But that doesn't mean that we actually
went there.
Theresa: It doesn't? Mr. Crane, oh, maybe we did. I mean, that could
be, well, how we got married in the middle of the night.

David: Grace, Grace, come back. Grace, what is it? Are you all right?
Grace: Yeah. Sometimes I have these premonitions.
David: I know. You used to have them years ago. So did your sister,
faith. What did you just see now?
Grace: I sensed that your coming back here will tear my family apart. I
mean, that it's already started to happen.
David: Grace, I am your family. You're my wife. I couldn't stand to
lose you again. If I thought it would make you happy, I'd walk straight
out that door. But you were happy with me, happier than you can imagine.
We belong together.
Sam: What the hell are you doing here, huh?
David: We were just talking.
Grace: He -- he's staying here, Sam.
Sam: Well, not anymore, he's not. Now, I want you to get your things
and get the hell out of here right now.
Grace: No, Sam. He's staying.

Luis: Hey.
Sheridan: Hey, I thought you were getting the fishing gear.
Luis: Oh, we can fish later.
Sheridan: Ok.
Luis: Sweetheart, you're getting burned. You need some protection.
Sheridan: Well, thank you.
Luis: Yes.
Sheridan: Oh, I love it out here. Don't you?
Luis: It is perfect.
Sheridan: Oh.
Luis: Mmm.
Sheridan: We should buy a boat. Wouldn't that be wonderful?
Luis: Hey, I always wanted to get a secondhand boat.
Sheridan: Yeah?
Luis: We could teach the kids to sail, sail up and down the Harmony
coast.
Sheridan: We're going to have a wonderful life together.
Luis: Yeah.

Ethan: I'm going to check the dining room, see if she's having
breakfast.
Chad: All right.
Chad: Check this place out.
Whitney: Oh, this is so gorgeous. Oh, and look, you can see the ocean
right outside the window over there!
Chad: Yo, that's amazing.
Whitney: You know, my parents are going to kill me for coming down here
without telling them. But I really am glad I did.
Ethan: She's not in the dining room. Wow, this place brings back
memories -- when Theresa and I came down here to make arrangements for my
honeymoon with Gwen. You know, I wonder if that's when I realized I loved
Theresa more than Gwen.
Chad: Hey, man, it must be hard not to be able to fall in love in a
place like this.
Whitney: I know. It is so beautiful down here.
Ethan: Yeah, it is. And now we've come full circle. I'm going to find
Theresa and tell her that I forgive her for scanning my mother's letter
into the computer, and then nothing can stand in our way to get married.
Whitney: She's going to be so happy.
Ethan: Check this out! There's a 24-hour wedding chapel here in the
islands. We can get married right here.
Whitney: Wait -- here in Bermuda? I don't know.
Ethan: Whitney, why not? Look, our maid of honor's here, my best man is
here, Sheridan and Luis are here. I mean, we can have the double wedding
just as planned. It's perfect.
Chad: You know, that's not a bad idea.
Whitney: It could be really romantic.
Ethan: Whitney, I am telling you, I can't wait another day. I'm going
to go check the front desk to see if Theresa's back in her room by now.
She is going to be so surprised when she sees me.

Theresa: I remember seeing this brochure. I mean, that must be why I
dreamed about marrying Ethan in the 24-hour chapel.
Man: Let us begin. Dearly beloved, we are gathered here to join this
couple in holy matrimony.
Theresa: What if it wasn't a dream? What if I did get married? Only it
was you, not Ethan.
Julian: No, that's impossible! I mean, one of us would have remembered
it. Wouldn't we?
Theresa: But I don't remember making love to you, either. I mean, I
remember making love to Ethan because I dreamed that Ethan and I got
married. [Knock on door]
Julian: Oh, God, I hope that's not your brother again.
Bruce: Julian, you in there? It's Bruce.
Julian: Oh! Thank the lord. It's an old friend of mine who's also down
here for a divorce.
Bruce: Good morning, good morning. A little present for the bride and
		groom.
Grace: Let him stay, Sam.
Sam: I don't want him hanging around here, upsetting you more.
Hank: Sam, Sam, he's not going to try anything with both of us here.
David: I'm not going to try anything, period. As I said, we were just
talking.
Sam: Well, I want you out of here now.
Grace: Look, Sam, I know you are trying to protect me, but his leaving
is not going to solve anything. I mean, we can't just ignore him or
pretend that he doesn't exist. Hank, did Sam tell you what's going on?
Hank: Yeah. Yeah, he told me. I'm Hank Bennett, Sam's brother.
David: David Hastings.
Hank: Do you have any brothers or sisters?
David: No, but I do have a wife.

Clerk: I am sorry, sir, but ms. Lopez Fitzgerald is still not
answering.
Ethan: Still? Where can she be?
Clerk: Perhaps she's at breakfast.
Ethan: I checked in the dining room. She's not there.
Whitney: You know, maybe she went out for an early swim. I know I
would.
Ethan: Yeah, I guess we can check the beach. Wait, but before we go
outside, I have to check Julian's room. He might know where she is.
Whitney: Look, Ethan, do you really think it's a good idea to be going
up to Julian's room?
Ethan: I know what you're thinking. You think we're going to walk in on
Julian trying to get Theresa into bed.

Julian: Wake up, Theresa.
Bruce: Boy, you two must have had some night.
Julian: Well, apparently. Are you all right?
Bruce: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to shock the bride.
Julian: Theresa? What the hell do you keep talking about? What bride?
Bruce: What bride? What bride? Your bride. Oh, you don't remember?
Julian: Remember what?
Bruce: I was at the bar. Mac and Graham had gone to bed, and I got a
call from the two of you saying you wanted to get married right away and
you wanted me to be there. And you both sounded so happy, I mean, I asked
you if you were sure about it.
Julian: God.
Bruce: Well, it seemed pretty sudden to me, but Theresa said she loved
you, and you said Theresa swept you off your feet. You also said your
divorce had come through and you wanted to marry the woman you loved. So,
we went to the 24-hour wedding chapel, and we actually had a very nice
ceremony. It was quite touching to hear you taking your vows -- till death
do you part.
Julian: I married Theresa. Oh.
Theresa: I married Mr. Crane.
Bruce: Yep. And I was your witness. You see? The judge gave me the
marriage license for safekeeping since you two were so blotto. There it
is, in black and white -- Mr. And Mrs.. Julian Crane.
Theresa: Oh.

Sam: Grace is not your wife. You're a liar, and you're a con. Now, I'm
waiting for the F.B.I. Background check to come through. And when it does,
I have no doubt that it'll show Grace exactly what you are.
David: It's not going to tell you anything that I haven't already told
you, Sam.
Sam: Then why do you fit the F.B.I. Profile of a con so perfectly?
Grace: Sam, you already checked to see if he had an arrest record.
Sam: The F.B.I. Background check is a lot more thorough.
David: I know how you feel, Sam. I would feel the Same in your
position.
Grace: Is the F.B.I. Check going to explain how he knew so much about
me, about the scar on my foot?
Hank: Whoa. What scar?
Grace: David says that i stepped on a seashell and cut my foot. Sam
didn't even know about the scar.
Hank: What about it, Sam?
Sam: It doesn't mean a damn thing. Maybe David conned faith before she
died. Maybe she told him all this stuff. The F.B.I. Background check is
going to tell us a lot more, believe me. And if you were smart, you'd
leave before it comes in.
David: The F.B.I. Background check is going to prove everything i've
said is true. I'll make us some breakfast. Grace, would you like some tea
or juice or something?
Grace: No.
David: Ok.
Sam: What kind of juice does Grace drink every morning?
David: Is this another test?
Sam: What kind of juice is Grace's favorite?

Ethan: I know Julian's reputation with women, but I'm not worried. He
just wouldn't try to take my fiancée to bed.
Chad: I hope the hell he didn't.
Ethan: Yeah, so do i because I'd tear him apart if he did.
Whitney: All right, look, if Luis and Sheridan are here, then Luis
would make sure that Theresa was protected, right?
Ethan: Exactly. So I'm going to find out what room Julian is in.
Whitney: That desk clerk is not going to tell you Julian's room number.

Ethan: Right. Well, then, I'll just talk to the manager. Look, I'll
tell him it's urgent and I'll remind him of that very large tip I left him
when I was down here last year.
Whitney: Hey, maybe this time Theresa won't be her own worst enemy,
hmm?
Chad: I hope so because this could be the day her dream comes true. She
could finally marry Ethan.

Julian: Yeah, listen, Bruce, I would really appreciate it if you didn't
say anything to anyone about this wedding.
Bruce: Yeah, sure. No problem. Hey, I got to hand it to you, you dog,
you. Theresa's a knockout. Congratulations.
Julian: Thank you.
Julian: Feeling any better?
Theresa: This is the worst day of my life. You know, I came down here
to do something good for Ethan, and instead I destroyed his life and mine.

Julian: Oh, please, don't be so melodramatic.
Theresa: You know it's true. Ethan will go crazy when he finds out what
we've done. And Luis -- well, he'll kill you. I mean, this is just a
disaster.
Julian: Oh, it's not all that tragic.
Theresa: It is tragic. I mean, marriage should be forever. I love
Ethan, and I want to be married to him, not you.
Julian: Dear, you've just had a terrible shock, all right? You just
need to lie back, regroup. Yes. We'll just have to make the best of this.
Theresa: The best of it? I mean, that's -- that's impossible.
Julian: Well, now, I once had a nanny who used to say behind every
cloud there's a silver lining -- which means that sometimes good can come
from bad.
Theresa: There's no good about us being married, Mr. Crane.
Julian: Oh. Don't be rash, my dear. And please, call me Julian. You
know, it is our honeymoon, after all. Let me show you how a husband treats
his wife.

Sam: You don't know what kind of juice Grace likes, do you?
David: I know what she used to like -- pink grapefruit mixed with
cranberry juice.
Hank: Is that true, Grace?
Grace: Yeah.
David: Excuse me.
Hank: I hate to admit it, Sam, but David's passed every test with
flying colors.
Sam: It doesn't mean anything. The only thing that means anything is
that damned F.B.I. Report. [Fax machine beeps]
Sam: I left word at the station to send me the report here.
Grace: What does it say, Sam?
Sam: It says David Hastings has worked as a photojournalist for over 20
years for several magazines. He's won prestigious awards and he's never
been arrested.
Grace: Then it's true. He's my husband.

Basil: Finally.
June: What?
Basil: They're back on the boat and heading out to sea.
June: Let me see.
June: I don't want to stay and watch.
Basil: Sorry, Junie, but you're staying. This is the moment we've been
waiting for. Soon as they get out past the reef, the timer will detonate
the bomb, and then no one will be able to rescue them.

Luis: You know, the desk clerk said there was some good fish on the
other side of the reef. We might even see some dolphins.
Sheridan: Oh, I'd love to see some dolphins!

Theresa: I am not your wife!
Julian: Oh, I -- I beg to differ with you. This little piece of paper
says you are. You're my adorable little wife. I must say, a man couldn't
have a more delectable young bride.
Theresa: I am not your wife! I will die if Ethan finds out about this.
He can never know that we spent last night together. Do you understand?
Julian: Well, yes. It'll be our little secret, Theresa. What we had
together was beautiful. Ethan need never know.

Ethan: I hope Julian knows where Theresa is.
Chad: Hey, Ethan, you know what? Why don't we all just go back down to
the lobby and call him first, you know, because we don't want to surprise
the guy.
Whitney: You know what? I think Chad has a great idea.
Chad: Yeah --
Ethan: What are you two afraid of?
Whitney: Well, Julian didn't answer the phone when we called earlier,
right?
Chad: Yeah. I mean, he might even have a guest in there, you know?
Ethan: Or he might just be asleep and he didn't hear me -- look, I'm
worried about Theresa, all right? He might know where she is. Julian, it's
Ethan. Are you there? Come on, open up.
Theresa: Oh, my God. Ethan's here. He's going to find out we're
married.
Ethan: Julian, it's me. Are you in there? [Knock on door]
&nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Friday 8/17/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
Passions Update Friday 8/17/01
  Provided by Stephanie


		Proofread By  Elissia
Charity: Just a dream, I guess. Everything's fine. Just relax. Oh.
[Warlock growls]
Miguel: Charity? What is it? What's wrong?
Timmy: What's happened to Charity?
Tabitha: Oh, this is bad news, Timmy. Bad news for all of us.

Sam: It says that David Hastings has worked as a photojournalist for
over 20 years for several magazines. He's won prestigious awards. He's
never been arrested.
Grace: Then it's true. He is my husband.
David: I am what I said I was all along -- a photographer, and a pretty
damn successful one at that. I came to Harmony for only one reason -- to
get my wife.
Basil: This is it. They're clear of the harbor.
June: What time did you say you set that timer for?
Basil: As soon as they get out past the wreath, it'll blow. Kaboom!
June: Oh. At least it'll be quick. Once that bomb blows, they'll never
know what hit them.

Sheridan: What an incredible day.
Luis: Honey, it's only just begun. As soon as we get out there beyond
the reef in the deep water, I'm going to break out the poles. We'll be out
there away from everyone. Especially Julian. [Knock on door]
Ethan: Hey, Julian? It's Ethan. Are you in there?
Theresa: Ethan's here!
Julian: Wait -- God! Are you out of your mind? He can't know you're
here. If he found the two of us together, he'd kill me.
Theresa: He came all the way down here to see me. Do you know what this
means?
Julian: Disaster!
Theresa: No! He loves me, and I have to be with him.
Julian: You should've thought about that before you married me.
Ethan: Julian? Julian, come on. Open the door. It's Ethan. [Knock on
		door]

Charity: Oh.
Miguel: You all right?
Charity: Yeah. Why? What happened?
Kay: Well, you were, like, totally out of it just now.
Simone: You had, like, this strange look on your face.
Jessica: Yeah, like you were frightened.
Charity: I was.
Jessica: Oh, God, it's ok.
Miguel: What was it?
Charity: Oh! Last night, when I was trying to sleep, I -- I was having
these strange sensations, so strange that i woke up and right beside me
from the ground came this head! It was so ugly and horrible!
Reese: Are you sure you just couldn't have been dreaming?
Miguel: Look, if she says she saw it, Reese, then she saw it.
Charity: It was so horrible, Miguel.
Miguel: It's my fault.
Kay: Yours? How, Miguel? What are you talking about?
Miguel: Look, I insisted that Charity move her sleeping bag into my
tent so that if she got scared, I'd be there for her. Why didn't you wake
me?
Charity: I'd already upset you with all my premonitions about Theresa
and Sheridan, of all of us, and I was so scared, it was like I was frozen.
I just -- I hoped that in the morning I would wake up and it would all be
a dream, but I'm sure that it wasn't.

Tabitha: The head she saw coming out of the ground was a warlock.
Timmy: A warlock?
Tabitha: A warlock. They only come out at night.
Timmy: Timmy and tabby have to get off this island before sundown.
Tabitha: In the meantime, we have Norma to worry about. She wants to
kill us no matter what time of day it is.
Timmy: She almost did last night. Timmy and tabby were this close to
becoming cinders. Timmy can't find a way out!
Tabitha: Then we'll just have to make one, Timmy.
Tabitha: Oh. Damn the consumer product safety commission! Oh, it's fast
becoming like an oven in here. We're going to be roasted to a turn long
before the flames actually reach us.
Timmy: No! Who knows when she's going to strike next?
Norma: You and your brat can run, Tabitha, but you can't hide. No one
hides from Norma. Hmm!

Sam: Back off. I don't care who you say you are. You can say whatever
you like. But don't say you're Grace's husband because you're not.
Hank: What do you think is going on, Sam?
Sam: I don't know. I haven't figured him out yet, but I know he's up to
something.
David: Sam --
Sam: I know one thing for sure, though -- he's not Grace's husband.
David: Sam, I know what you're going through.
Sam: Oh, the hell you do.
David: But why don't you just try and think about it from my point of
view?
Sam: No.
David: I lost the woman I love -- Grace. And from the moment she
disappeared, I swore that I would search for her if it took the rest of my
life.
Hank: We get it, buddy. Your broken heart led you on this worldwide,
lifelong search.
David: Go ahead, mock it. But I lived it. And you have no idea what it
was like.
Hank: I'm getting real tired of this sob story.
David: All that I'm saying is now that I've found her, I'm not just
going to disappear. And I know you both would like me to. But I'm not
leaving Harmony without her.

Ethan: Um -- excuse me.
Maid: Yes, sir?
Ethan: Do you know if the guest in that room has left?
Maid: No, he's still in there.
Ethan: You're sure he didn't leave the room?
Maid: No, sir.
Ethan: Look, Julian, open the door.
Chad: Dude, maybe he's in the shower.
Ethan: Well, if he is, he's been in there a long time. Look, Julian,
come on. Open up, it's Ethan.
Whitney: You know, I'm getting a really bad feeling that something's
happened to Theresa.
Chad: Like what?
Whitney: I -- I don't know, but you know how she's always her own worst
enemy. [Knocking on door]
Ethan: Julian?
Whitney: She could've gotten herself into some kind of trouble.
Ethan: Julian? Look, are you in there?
Theresa: I didn't mean to marry you, Mr.. Crane.
Julian: Oh, I -- I think it might be time to dispense with the
"mister."
Theresa: No. It was all a big mistake. I dreamed that I married Ethan,
made love to Ethan, and then I -- I just woke up in bed with you!
Julian: It's funny how life is full of little twists and turns.
Theresa: Oh, we drank too much champagne!
Julian: I don't think the blame-the-bubbly defense is going to work in
this case.
Theresa: I have absolutely no recollection of us getting married. I
don't even remember going anywhere near the 24-hour wedding chapel.
Julian: Well, it's hardly vivid in my mind, either! Would that it were,
but you heard my friend Bruce -- he was there, he was a witness, and this
marriage certificate has our names on it. And we made glorious, passionate
love.
Theresa: Oh, stop. I thought I was making love with Ethan.
Julian: Well, thinking doesn't make it true.
Theresa: I know. I have to find a way to explain this to Ethan.
Julian: No -- are you mad? Ethan can never know that we -- we married
and slept together. Dear God, no! He's well aware of my reputation. He'd
think I -- I seduced you. He'd tear me to pieces.
Theresa: No, I can't lie. He has to know the truth.

Ethan: The maid's sure Julian hasn't left his room. Maybe something
happened.
Chad: Or maybe he's just sleeping one off.
Ethan: Look, um, sorry to bother you again, but I'm really worried
about the guest in this room. You have to open the door.
Julian: My God, did you hear that?
Theresa: No. What?
Julian: Ethan will be coming in any second.
Sam: You think I'd actually let you leave here with Grace, the woman I
love more than anything in this world?
David: Look, the last thing I want to do is upset anyone.
Sam: You try to take her, and you're a dead man. You hear me?
Grace: Look, Sam, please. Don't -- don't talk like that.
David: I've obviously handled this really badly. I know this is hard
for you to absorb all this, hard on both of you.
Sam: We were fine before you got here, and we'll be fine long after
you've gone on to your next scam.
David: What scam? You know who I am, you know what I am. You've read my
F.B.I. Background check. You have a copy of Grace's and my marriage
license. What else could you possibly
Grace: Everything he said is true, Sam. And he knows so much about me.
Sam: Oh, come on, Grace.
Grace: He knew about the cut on my foot. I mean, even you didn't know
about that. Who could've told him?
Sam: I haven't figured it out yet. But I will.
David: You're just kidding yourself, Sam. Not that I blame you. But
running from the truth won't do you any good. You're going to have to face
it -- Grace is my wife.

Miguel: Look, when Charity has a premonition, we have to pay attention
to it.
Jessica: Ok.
Miguel: So this head -- it came out of the ground.
Charity: I was so scared, Miguel. I couldn't scream. I couldn't.
Reese: Ooh -- maybe it was one of those warlocks.
Simone: Warlock?
Reese: Yeah. They used to live here. It is called warlock island. It
could be that they've come back. How cool would that be?
Jessica: Could we talk about something else?
Reese: Well, but this would be an historical moment, Jessica -- the
warlocks return to their island.
Jessica: I think we should think about getting off the island.
Simone: Well, in "cast away," tom Hanks, he wrote the word "help" in
the sand and he lit this big fire.
Miguel: Well, let's do it. You know, a lot of planes fly close to here.
And the sooner we get off this island, the sooner we can warn Theresa and
Sheridan about Charity's premonition.
Reese: All right.
Jessica: Let's do it.
Charity: It's too late. Something awful's already happened to Theresa.
Miguel: What's happened to Theresa? Why is it too late to help her?
Charity: All I know is that whatever's happened is going to change her
life forever.

Ethan: You can't open the door? You have the key, don't you?
Maid: I mean I won't open it.
Ethan: Why not?
Maid: If you're worried about a guest in that room, you need to call
security.
Chad: Oh. Ethan, I'm going to run down to the front desk and try to
find a security guy.
Whitney: That's a good idea.

Julian: Oh, my God! Security will be here any second -- uh -- our only
chance is for you to get dressed, go out on the balcony, and hide while I
get rid of Ethan.
Theresa: No! I am not hiding from Ethan. I'm going to face him and tell
him the truth.
Julian: You will not! You will not say anything to anyone -- not Ethan
and definitely not your brother!
Ethan: You did what to my fiancée?
Julian: Ethan, I --
Luis: You did what to my sister?
Julian: No, I -- : Huh? Huh?
Julian: No, I -- [Julian groans]
Julian: If you breathe a word of this, it will be the biggest mistake
of your life because if Ethan or your brother were to hear that you and I
got married and slept together --
Theresa: No, I have to be honest with him.
Julian: Oh, God! I was the boy's father for over 20 years! I know how
he thinks! If you tell him the truth, you will lose him. He'll be out that
door faster than you can say "24-hour wedding chapel"!
Theresa: Oh, maybe you're right. And if -- if I were to lose Ethan, no
-- I couldn't bear it. Please.
Julian: Ok. Then it that case, just leave it to me. I'll take care of
everything, I promise you.
Theresa: Ok. How?
Julian: I won't say anything, you won't say anything. No one will ever
know, and you won't lose Ethan. Right now, you have to put your clothes on
and get out of here before he spots you. Go!

Chad: Yo, Ethan? This is miller from security.
Ethan: Hi. Look, the reason I need you here --
Miller: Your friend told me, and I'm going to open the door. But you'd
better be right. If the guest is sleeping or otherwise engaged --
Ethan: Look, I'm right. Would you please just open the door?
Miller: Security. :Security. I'm opening the door.
Ethan: What's been going on in here?

June: This is one payout I'm not looking forward to spending.
Basil: Are you kidding me? This is as easy a buck as we've made.
June: But that Sheridan lady is crazy in love with Luis, and he seems
to feel the Same way about her.
Basil: So what?
June: So they deserve a long life together.
Basil: How many times do i have to tell you? Don't get involved with
your subjects.
June: I know, I know.
Basil: And speaking of subjects, let's get up close and personal with
our two lovebirds.
Basil: Damn. He cut the engine.

[Engine stops]
Sheridan: You stopped the engine. Why?
Luis: That one.
Sheridan: What?
Luis: The reef. I heard people at the hotel talking about the
snorkeling and, well, it's early, so I figured we'll snorkel for a while
and then head out, see if the fishes is biting.
Sheridan: Mm-hmm. We have enough time -- all day.
Luis: We have the rest of our lives.

Grace: Sam, I wish that we could run away. I wish that David had never
come to Harmony. I wish that so many things hadn't happened. But they did.
And we can't run.
David: Listen to her, Sam.
Hank: Stay out of their business.
David: Grace's business is my business.
Sam: No, it isn't.
David: Look, I don't want to upset her any more than she already is.
But Grace is right -- you can't run from the truth. You're a cop. You
should know that.
Sam: Come on, Grace.
Grace: Where?
Sam: The truth. I'm going to show it to you.
Hank: Oh, no you don't.
David: I have every right to know where he's taking her.
Hank: It's none of your damn business.
David: You better get something straight and your brother -- Grace's
business is my business. I'm her husband. And not even Sam Bennett will
ever take her away from me again.

Miguel: Come on.
Simone: Thank you.

Tabitha: I think miss pasty-face was right about Theresa.
Timmy: Timmy hates it when you call Charity that. She's beautiful.
Tabitha: You remember when I was a fortuneteller and Theresa came in to
have i predicted that she would become Mrs.. Crane? Yeah, well, I never
said which Mrs.. Crane.
Timmy: So Charity's prediction --
Tabitha: Right on the money. Theresa woke up this morning to find
herself in Julian Crane's bed. And on top of that, she was wearing his
wedding ring. Ooh. Would that we were witness to that happy moment, Timmy.

Timmy: When you told Timmy that it was going to happen, I thought it
was too outrageous. But it all came true.
Tabitha: Ah, those were the days, Timmy -- the glory days when I had my
powers. I knew then that Theresa was going to be Mrs.. Julian Crane. Ah,
Tim Tim. Ethan and Theresa -- more pain and heartache ahead of them and
all those others involved.
Timmy: So what you said was going to happen to Sheridan really will
happen?
Tabitha: Hmm. Kaboom. Well, it'll be kaboom for all of us if we don't
get off this flaming island before sundown.
Timmy: The warlocks?
Tabitha: If they don't get us, Norma will.

Norma: [As father] good work, Norma! Well, thank you, daddy.

Miguel: Maybe your premonition was off. Maybe it didn't happen yet.
Charity: I don't want to upset Miguel any more, but it's too late to
help Theresa.
Jessica: No. Charity --
Charity: No. She did something she shouldn't have, and no one can save
her now.
Jessica: She's not going to die, is she?
Charity: No, she's not going to die. But she's going to wish that She
had.

Ethan: Didn't you hear me banging on the door?
Julian: Whoa, whoo! I must've been dead to the world. What brings you
and your friends down to Bermuda?
Ethan: Look, I found out Theresa was here. She came to try to convince
you to take me back into the family.
Julian: She did?
Ethan: You -- you haven't seen her? You don't know where she is?
Julian: Theresa? No -- no idea. [Julian yawns]
Ethan: I'm sure she's here. I -- I mean, she has to be.
Julian: It's really nice to see you, Ethan, and I hope you and your
friends enjoy however long you're going to be staying here. I appreciate
the wake-up call, but it's -- I really must get cracking. Got a big day
ahead of me -- oh.
Ethan: Huh. Looks like you had a big night behind you, too. [Julian
chuckles]
Ethan: Celebrating your divorce, I assume, but without Rebecca.
Chad: Julian must've gotten rid of whoever the girl was.
Ethan: So who is she, Julian -- some slut you picked up at the bar?
[Noise]
Ethan: Oh. What was that?
Julian: Well, I didn't hear anything.
Ethan: It sounded like it was coming from the balcony. [Maid screams]
Whitney: What was that?
Chad: It sounded like a woman screaming.
Ethan: I think it came from next door.
Julian: Damn, she's gone. There's no, no, please don't scream. It's ok.
This is my brother's room.
Maid: I'm going to call security.
Theresa: No, no, no, no, no. You can't. Please, please. It's ok. I
mean, no one can know that I'm here, ok? Please?
Ethan: Theresa.

Basil: They stopped the boat.
June: Any idea why? Snorkeling, from the looks of it. Oh, they've got
to get back on that boat. If they're not onboard when the bomb's set to go
off, they could survive the blast. Not only that, someone onshore could
see it and come to their rescue. Oh, Julian Crane's going to have our
head. Get back on that boat, damn you!

Theresa: Ethan. Oh, my -- wow. What a surprise. Whitney. Chad! Oh.
Ethan: Theresa, we've been looking all over for you.
Theresa: Really?
Ethan: Yeah. Were you at the beach? Is that why you're in your robe?
Theresa: Oh. The beach.
Julian: Oh! Theresa, you are here. I just found out from Ethan that
you'd come down to Bermuda. Here you were, right next door all the time.
Maid: This is not the young lady's room.
Julian: Oh?
Ethan: It's not? What are you doing here, Theresa?
Theresa: It's Luis and Sheridan's room.
Ethan: But, uh, they went sailing. I guess you didn't know that.
Theresa: Oh, no.
Chad: What's going on here? What's the deal with Theresa?
Whitney: You know, there is no telling. I just hope we got down here in
time before Theresa makes a huge mistake
Julian: Uh -- I know these -- these young folk from Harmony. I'm sure
everything is just fine.
Maid: I don't want to get in trouble.
Ethan: Look, you won't. I'm a lawyer and I'll explain to the front desk
exactly what went on.
Julian: Ahem.

Kay: Hey, Reese? Would you tell me that legend again about those two
girls that came to this island and they both liked the Same boy and the
one that had the premonitions died?
Reese: Sad.
Kay: Yes, but do you think it's really true?
Reese: Well, sure it's true, just like Tabitha's a witch and that
little doll of hers is alive.
Kay: God, Reese, not this again.
Reese: It's true, and someday I'm going to prove it. You know, that
legend about warlock island is true, too, if a little far-fetched.
Kay: Well, I really couldn't care less about warlocks on warlock
island.
Tabitha: All she cares about is getting Miguel. What do you want to bet
her next question is, "do legends ever repeat themselves?"
Kay: Hey, Reese? Do legends ever repeat themselves?
Timmy: Timmy didn't bet! Timmy didn't bet!
Reese: Well, that's the thing about legends -- they almost always
repeat themselves. That's what makes them so legendary.
Charity: Miguel, I'm the one with the premonitions. What, does that
mean I'm supposed to die?
Miguel: Reese, will you cool it with the legends?
Reese: Why?
Simone: Look what you're doing to Charity. She's a wreck.
Kay: Yes, she is, isn't she?
Miguel: That legend has nothing to do with you. And there's no other
girl after me, so you can just put that out of your mind.
Reese: Maybe there is another girl after you, Miguel. And maybe that
girl is Simone.
Simone: What?
Reese: Simone doesn't have a guy like Kay has me.
Simone: Are you nuts?
Miguel: What is with you today, Reese?
Simone: He's an idiot. That's what's up with him.
Miguel: Hey, nothing bad is going to happen to you. I won't let it.
Kay's voice: Only one of us is going to get off this island with
Miguel, Charity, and it's not you.

Sam: What do you see?
Grace: I see our new house going up.
Sam: Remember what happened to the old one?
Grace: As if I could ever forget.

Theresa: No!

Luis: Miguel! [Screaming]

Grace: It was horrible.
Sam: And when it happened, we thought how in the hell are we going to
survive this? Wet did. We got through it because we have each other. We
have our family, our friends. And we have our love. The truth that I
brought you out to see is our new home going up. That house is -- it's not
only our house. It's our life. It's our future. And it's going to be rock
solid, not to mention beautiful. That's reality. That's truth, Grace --
not what David Hastings is spewing. Hey. We have survived some pretty
bleak times and we're going to survive this, too. We just have to hang
tough.
Grace: I just don't know if I have any more tough in me, Sam.
Sam: Don't say that.
Grace: Sam, what if our house going up is not the only truth? What if
what David says is the truth? What if his truth breaks us up?
Sam: Nothing is ever going to break us apart, Grace.

David: You know, I'm getting tired of being yanked around by you.
Hank: You've been warned, pal. If you hurt Grace, my brother will --
David: What? Kill me? You know, I'm also getting tired of being
threatened by you. I have given you enough proof to show that everything
I've told you is the truth.
Hank: You say you love her.
David: I do. I loved her from the moment i laid eyes on her.
Hank: If you really loved her, you'd leave her alone. Can't you see
that she's happy? She loves her husband, loves her children, loves her
life. She doesn't know you. You frighten her.
David: But I love her.
Hank: You love a woman that you knew over 20 years ago. She's not the
Same now as she was back then. Her life is not with you anymore. It's with
Sam. All your coming back has done is upset her. Look. Look, she's in
pain. Is that what you want?

Jessica: I think it's perfect. You know, the plane flies by and then
they'll see it and they'll send a rescue boat to help us.
Simone: Are you sure that's all we need to d
Reese: Don't forget about the fire.
Miguel: Oh, yeah. We got to gather some wood and make a bonfire. You
know, a lot of fishing boats sail by here. Mm mm-hmm
Kay: Well, cross your fingers.
Miguel: All right. Well, let's spread out and start gathering some
wood.
Charity: Ok.
Miguel: Hey. You ok?
Charity: Yeah. Maybe it's too late to save Theresa, Miguel, but if we
get off the island today, I know that we can still help Sheridan.
Timmy: How about saving Timmy and tabby?
Kay: All I need is just one more nig on this island and Miguel's going
to be mine.
Tabitha: Where is Norma?
Timmy: Does tabby think it's possible that Norma has finally given up?

Ethan: Julian?
Julian: Hmm?
Ethan: Is something wrong?
Julian: Wrong? Oh, no, nothing.
Ethan: Are you sure?
Julian: Oh, absolutely. I -- I do think, though, that we should deal
with our security issue and promptly before things fall apart completely.
Shall we?
Whitney: Theresa, what is going on?
Theresa: Oh, it's a disaster, Whitney.
Whitney: What's a disaster? I don't understand.
Theresa: I'll explain everything later. Could you just please help me?
Whitney: What?
Theresa: Will you hide these from Ethan? Just hide them. Please.
Julian: That will have to be taken care of. Yeah, the maid and hotel
security realize it was nothing but a big misunderstanding, so there's
nothing to worry about.&nbsp;
Theresa: Oh, me, too.
Ethan: You know, this is the first time i've seen you since you ran out
of the church on our wedding day.
Theresa: I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
Ethan: No. I'm just glad you're ok.
Theresa: I -- I can't believe that you're here.
Ethan: Theresa, I had to come. I -- I was worried about you. I had no
idea where you had gone.
Theresa: I know.
Ethan: Theresa, listen -- there's something you have to know. Look, I
forgive you for scanning my mother's letter into your computer. Look, it's
not your fault that it was e-mailed to the tabloid.
Theresa: Ethan --
Ethan: And I know you came down here to make up for and to try to
convince Julian to take me back into the family, but none of that matters.
All that matters is that I love you, and I want to marry you right here,
right away in Bermuda.
Theresa: You do?

Jessica: There we go.
Miguel: I think we're going to need more wood.
Jessica: Ok.
Miguel: Come on.
Reese: Well, let's move it, people! Time is of an essence here!
Simone: What are you doing?
Kay: Fighting for my man. I'm dousing the wood to make sure that it
won't burn. Simone, we cannot be rescued off this island before Miguel and
I make love.
Timmy: Huh. What does tabby think? If a boat comes to rescue Timmy and
tabby, should they send it back for Norma? Or should they just leave her
here for the warlocks? What's the verdict, tabby? Tabby? Where'd tabby go?

Tabitha: Up here, you twit!

David: You're right, she is in pain. Maybe I should leave. Maybe I
should go.
Grace: Sam, I -- I'm just so confused. I don't know what to think
anymore.
Sam: Grace, honey. The thought of losing you, I -- I couldn't take it.
Grace: Oh, I don't want to lose you, either. I mean, I can't imagine
life without you.
Sam: You'll never have to.
Grace: Oh, but, Sam, what if in the eyes of God, I am married to David
Hastings? Doesn't that mean I belong with him?

Basil: Ooh-wee. They're back on the boat, heading out to the big blue.
Oh. Soon, soon, soon, junie-moon, our lovely couple will be history in
five, four, three, two -- once the bomb goes into its final phase, it's
impossible to shut down.

Luis: Yeah!
Sheridan: Oh. This is beautiful!
Luis: I told you you'd love it.
Sheridan: Oh! Oh. I love you. Can we do this again next year?
Luis: Every year.
Sheridan: Oh, goodness. Oh.
Luis: Well.
Sheridan: Ooh. Oh. This is like heaven.
Luis: Uh-huh.
Sheridan: Maybe it is heaven. Oh. You know, if you're intent on this
deep-sea fishing stuff, you better cut that out immediately.
Luis: You think? I want you to hold that thought.
Sheridan: Ok.
Sheridan: What's our position, captain?
Luis: Well, I'd say we'll be in deep water in a few minutes.

Ethan: And we're going to be husband and wife very soon.
Theresa: Oh, I can't wait!
Ethan: And we have Chad and Whitney and Luis and Sheridan all here to
celebrate with us.
Chad: See, Whitney? She's fine. Now, you got to admit, you were way off
thinking she was in trouble.
Whitney: Yeah. Right.
Ethan: You know, I can't wait just to slip that wedding ring on your --
Theresa, what's this? You're wearing a wedding ring.









  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site






















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Monday 8/20/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
 Monday 8/20/01
  Provided by Stephanie
		Proofread by  Elissia
  &nbsp; Sam: Grace, we have to forget about David Hastings. We can't let him
impact our lives.
Grace: Sam, he already has. David says he's my husband.
Sam: No, he isn't.
Grace: Well, he's evidence to back it up. He's got a marriage license.
He knows about my past, about my family. Look, he even knew about the
little angel girl and the scar on my foot.
Sam: Look, I don't care about any of that. My cop instinct tells me
that David Hastings is nothing but a fraud. Grace, forget about him.
Grace: Forget about him? David is certain that he is my husband and he
says that he's not going to leave Harmony without me.
Hank: You serious, David?
David: Hank, you've convinced me that my being here is hurting grace.
So I'm going to leave Harmony, and I'm not coming back.

Reese: Once we get that fire lit on the beach, it should be bright
enough to be seen from the shipping lanes. And if my calculations are
correct, there should be a ship coming by just about the time we get it
lit. So I'll grab the matches. Then it's down the beach for a certain
rescue.
Charity: Miguel, it's no use. No one's ever going to see that fire.
Miguel: Why not? I mean, we have plenty of wood.
Charity: No, you don't understand. No one's ever going to see the fire
because something's going to keep us from lighting it.

Simone: Kay!
Kay: What?
Simone: Think about what you're doing. If that fire doesn't light, we
will never be rescued. Our last days will be like the lost episode on
"Gilligan's island" where the castaways kill and eat each other.
Kay: Simone, stop being such a drama queen. We will get off the island
eventually. I'm just making sure that it doesn't happen before the story
Reese told us comes true.
Simone: Hello! Reese keeps telling us that Tabitha's a witch! If you
don't believe that, what makes you believe his other story?
Kay: Because this one's not his story. He got it off the internet, so
it has to be true.
Simone: You actually believe that two girls who are in love with the
same guy could be stranded and the girl who has psychic powers dies so
that the other girl can marry the guy and live happily ever after?
Kay: What's not to believe? The girl with the psychic powers has got to
be Charity, so she's going to die, and then once she's out of the way,
I'll get Miguel. I'm just doing all I have do to make sure we stay on this
island until Miguel is mine.
Simone: And Charity dies.

Tabitha: Timmy! Help me get out of this super-sized mosquito net.
Timmy: Maybe if Timmy jumps high enough he can get his princess down.
Tabitha: Just cut the bloody rope!
Timmy: With what?
Norma: My ax should do nicely.
Timmy: You did this to Timmy's princess?
Norma: Oh, indeed I did. Hello, Tabitha! Ooh, you must lead a life of
leisure to have so much time to hang around.

??:You wearing a wedding ring?
Theresa: How did that get here?
Theresa: Oh, my God.
Julian: It can't be.
Theresa: Tell me we're not married.
Bruce: You also said your divorce had come through and you wanted to
marry the woman you loved. So we went to the 24-hour wedding chapel, and
we actually had a very nice ceremony. It was quite touching to hear you
taking your vows. "Till death do you part."
Julian: I married Theresa?
Theresa: I married Mr.. Crane?
Whitney's voice: That dress, those shoes? What is going on with
Theresa? What kind of trouble has she gotten herself into now?
Ethan: Theresa, tell me, I mean, why are you wearing a wedding ring?

Sheridan: It is such a beautiful day.
Luis: It's been incredible, hasn't it?
Sheridan: It's been the most romantic day of my life.
Luis: Ah, so my plan is working.
Sheridan: What plan?
Luis: My plan to make every day I spend with you even more romantic
than the last.&nbsp;

Basil: Pal, soon it'll explode, blowing Sheridan and Luis to
smithereens. [Basil laughs]

Sam: Something tells me that Hastings will give up eventually.
Grace: Sam, why would he?
Sam: Well, he can't keep up this charade much longer. He knows that
I'll find holes in his story if I dig deep enough. Until then, let's
concentrate on our new home and our marriage. Just ignore David Hastings.
Forget about him.
Grace: I don't know if I can do that, Sam. I don't think I could do
that.
David: Showing up here the way I did -- it hurt grace, upset her much
more than I ever imagined. And that's not what I want for my wife. I can't
make her remember me or our life together any more than I can make her
forget her life with Sam and her children. So I'm going to leave Harmony
and let grace get on with her life, let grace be happy with her family.
Hank: So you're just giving up?
David: It's not about giving up. It's about doing what's right. It'll
kill me to leave Harmony, knowing I'll never see grace again, but I'll --
I'll leave knowing that she's safe and happy and loved. I'm going to go
pack.
Hank: Is Hastings making the ultimate sacrifice? Or getting out while
the getting's good?

Tabitha: Look, Norma, I'm sorry if we offended you or your father, but
can't we just bury the hatchet? I mean, figuratively speaking, of course!
Norma: [As father] oh, don't listen to them, buttercup. Timmy and
Tabitha embarrassed you and disturbed my beauty sleep! You deserve
revenge.
Timmy: What a wacko!
Norma: [Normal voice] don't you call my father names.
Timmy: But Timmy meant --
Tabitha: Quiet, lad!
Norma: Shut up, the both of you. Nobody violates our motel checkout
policy and lives to tell about it.
Tabitha: But you kept our deposit. What more do you want?
Norma: I want you dead, Tabitha -- dead!&nbsp;
Timmy: I'm sorry I asked!
Norma: I'm going to dig your grave. And when I get back, I'm going to
chop you into little pieces before I bury you.
Timmy: Timmy's sorry his princess is done for.
Norma: Oh, and after I make mincemeat of her, I'm going to make chop
suey of you!

Whitney: Why is Theresa wearing a wedding ring now? I mean, her whole
life she has never worn a ring on that finger because she said it was bad
luck.
Chad: Well, you don't think she came down here and married somebody
else, do you?
Whitney: No, no, Chad, no, no, that's crazy. Theresa loves Ethan. Who
else is she going to marry?
Ethan: Wait a minute. I know why you're wearing a wedding ring.
Theresa: You do?
Ethan: Yeah, I know exactly what's going on.

Luis: What's wrong?
Sheridan: I don't know. I just -- just had this horrible feeling. June:
Are you sure the bomb's in its final phase? Basil: Nothing can stop it
from detonating now. Sheridan and Luis are as good as dead. . Sam: Where's
Hastings? Bet he's ready to pounce on grace when she came back.

Hank: Good news, bro -- Hastings is leaving town.
Grace: What?
Hank: We had a talk. I told him how happy you two were together, about
what a great life you have here. I'm not sure exactly what it was, but
something must have struck a nerve because he said he's leaving. He's
upstairs packing right now.
Sam: Good!

Reese: Got the matches.
Charity: Reese, they're not going to do any good. You're not going to
be able to light that fire.
Reese: I admit I'm no Prometheus, but I think I can light a match.
Miguel: Yeah, Charity, look, we've got to stay positive that we're
going to be rescued if we're going to warn Sheridan and Theresa about your
premonitions.
Charity: Miguel, I want to get off this island, too, but I have a
feeling that it's not going to be tonight!
Reese: Morning then?
Charity: No! No, Reese, you don't understand. I have a feeling when we
do get off this island it's going to be too late! I think it's already too
late for Theresa! And you know what? Time's running out for Luis and
Sheridan!
Charity: There's a countdown to their death, Miguel! Luis and Sheridan
are doomed!

Simone: I can't believe how devious you're being, Kay, wetting the wood
so that Reese cannot light a rescue fire?
Kay: Simone, someone's going to find us sooner or later.
Simone: That's what the members of the Donner party said. Besides, I
thought you said you were going to be good and keep your soul pure now
that you've got it back.
Kay: Simone, I tried. But there is something about this island that's
making me do it. I don't know, maybe it's the warlocks.
Simone: That is a lame excuse even for you, Kay. There are no warlocks
on this island.
Kay: What about the weird lights that we saw in the trees?
Simone: They were probably big fireflies!
Kay: Ok, whatever. All I care about is just keeping us on this island
until Miguel can make love to me.
Simone: Even if that means Charity dying?
Kay: Well, whatever happens happens, but it's not like I'm going to
kill her. Besides, it's just like Reese said -- it's just a stupid legend
anyway, simone. The one who should be worried is Tabitha. She's the one
who almost died already.

Norma: You hang out here while I go dig your grave. Ooh, don't worry
peewee. Oh, there's plenty of room for you, too!
Timmy: Oh. Timmy can smell the stench of death already.
Tabitha: Oh, that's Norma's after-shave. Now get me out of here, Timmy.

Timmy: Wow. Norma's tough when it comes to setting traps. Timmy bets
she could catch bigfoot.
Tabitha: Ha! For all we know, Norma is bigfoot. And spare me hearing
about the engineering marvel of this trap and just get me out of here,
Timmy!
Timmy: Timmy knows he can loosen the rope that holds the net.
Tabitha: Ow! Pedro Martinez you're not!
Timmy: Sorry, tabby.
Timmy: Timmy's sure he can cut the rope with this rock.
Timmy: Oh. It's no use. Timmy can't save his princess.
Tabitha: Well, how about untying e bloody knot?
Timmy: Timmy never thought of that.
Tabitha: Because you have batting for brains, boy.
Timmy: Timmy wonders what would happen if he pulled this. It's working!
Tabby will be down in no time!
Tabitha: No, Timmy! Timmy, wait! There's nothing to catch me! If the
knot comes undone, I'll -- I'll fall!
Timmy: Oh, no! Timmy's did Norma's job for her! He killed Timmy's
princess!

Ethan: Yeah, you're wearing that ring so guys will leave you alone
while you're traveling, right? I mean, Theresa, that's very smart. See,
guys? Told you that there's nothing to worry about. You know, I do have to
admit when I saw that ring on your finger, I kind of felt my stomach drop.
I mean, I thought for a second that in one day maybe you met somebody else
and married them. It's silly, I know, but you'd never do that. I know you
love me just as much as I love you. You'd never marry another man.

Luis: Sheridan, nothing bad's going to happen to you.
Sheridan: The feeling was so strong.
Luis: Well, we didn't get much sleep last night. You've been in the sun
all day. You're probably just tired, honey.
Norma: Maybe you're right.
Luis: Look, I swear on our love I'll never let anything happen to you
or me, all right? We're going to have a long and happy life together.
Sheridan: I believe you, Luis. Nothing bad is going to happen.
Luis: No.

Sam: Hank, this is great. How did you convince Hastings to leave?
Hank: I didn't. Hastings convinced himself. He said that grace was
better off without him.
Sam: M tell me everything. Grace's voice: I have to talk to David.
Hank: Well, first --
David: I guess it was a mistake coming here. [Knock on door]
Grace: So is it true? You're really leaving?

Timmy: Princess, wake up! Timmy doesn't want to die alone! [Tabitha
mumbles]
Tabitha: What? Where am i?
Timmy: She's alive!
Tabitha: Shh! Where is she? Where's Norma?
Timmy: Still off digging your grave, tabby.
Tabitha: Oh, yeah. Here, help me get out of this thing. We've got to --
we've got to get out of here before she makes a comeback.
Timmy: Where will Timmy and tabby go?
Tabitha: Wherever those brats are. It was a mistake to get away from
the group. We've got to stick with those kids because if we do, Norma
won't try anything.
Timmy: Timmy agrees.
Tabitha: Now, the trick is to find those teenage twits. And we can't go
to them directly. No, because that's what Norma thinks we'll do. We've got
to zig when she thinks we'll zag and zag when she thinks we'll zig.
Timmy: Huh?
Tabitha: Yeah, we've got to crisscross back and forth through the woods
like daffy and bugs when they're trying to get away from elmer fudd.
Timmy: Oh! Why didn't tabby say so in the first place?
Tabitha: All right. Come on, Timmy, let's get out of here.
Norma: Oh, Tabitha, your grave awaits. Tabitha? Timmy? Where'd they go?
[As father] they escaped, you lumbering dolt! You failed me again! [Normal
voice] oh. Oh, father, I'm sorry. I'll find them and kill them! [As
father] where have I heard that before? [Normal voice] Timmy and tabby are
dead, father. I swear it! Ah!

Whitney: You know, Theresa has never had any trouble before getting rid
of guys who were hitting on her. Why would she all of a sudden need a
wedding ring now?
Chad: Maybe she just wanted to show Mr.. Crane she's spoken for. You
know, to keep the wolf at bay, so to speak.
Theresa: What are we going to do? I can't let Ethan find out that we're
married!
Julian: Perish the thought. Don't worry, I'll figure something out. The
important thing is that don't let anyone know we're husband and wife, hmm?
[Knock on door]
Theresa: Oh, no. Bruce knows that we're married. What if he lets it
slip?
Bruce: Julian! Maid told me I'd find you here. I came by to take you
and your lovely new bride to dinner.
Ethan: What?
Whitney: Oh, my God.

Sheridan: What a perfect day.
Luis: Almost as perfect as you. Think we should probably start heading
back. I'll pull up the anchor.
Sheridan: Ok.
Luis: It's not working. Must be stuck on a rock or something. Guess
I've got to dive in to get it unhooked.
Sheridan: What can I do to help?
Luis: Some coffee would be nice. Think everything should be in the
galley.
Sheridan: Aye, aye, sir. I could use a cup myself.
Sheridan: My life is so perfect now, I almost feel guilty. Luis is
		right. Nothing can destroy our happiness.

David: Yes, grace, I'm leaving Harmony so I don't cause you any more
pain.
Grace: Well, I'm -- I'm just surprised, that's all. And I really don't
know what to say, David, except I'm sorry.
David: You have nothing to be sorry for. I came to Harmony because of
this picture. When I saw it, all I thought about was all the love I had
for you, how I missed you, how I'd almost accepted the fact that I'd never
see you again. This picture gave me hope. Only it was a false hope. I
thought -- I thought that when we saw each other again after all this
time, we'd have this fantastic reunion, pick up where we left off. I never
imagined you'd have amnesia and that you wouldn't remember me or our life
together. But you don't. You've moved on. You have a wonderful life here,
grace. You have another husband, children. You're happy, grace. And I love
you too much to take that away from you. [Footsteps]
Sam: Grace, what are you doing here?
David: She's saying good-bye, Sam. You're getting your wish. I'm
leaving Harmony and I'm not coming back.

Reese: Ship should be coming by the island anytime now. We'd better get
down to the beach and light that fire.
Charity: You can try, but --
Miguel: Look, Charity, the fire will start. You'll see.
Reese: Looks like it's almost in range. We'd better get it lit.
Charity: It's too late for Theresa. And Luis and Sheridan -- they're
running out of time. Even if Miguel and Luis get that fire lit, which they
won't, we're doomed. We're all doomed.

Kay: Talk about waterlogged. This wood I doused is never going to catch
fire now.
Simone: Soaking those logs was a horrible thing to do, Kay. Now we
won't be rescued.
Kay: Simone, I don't care. All I want is Miguel, and as long as we're
on this island, I've got a chance to get him.

Timmy: Timmy thinks Tabitha's plan is working. He and his princess gave
Norma the slip.
Tabitha: Oh, we're not out of danger yet. Look.
Timmy: Oh, no! The warlocks are back!
Tabitha: I never thought I'd say this, but I'll be glad when we find
those damned kids. Once we're back with the brat pack, we'll be safe.
Hurry, lad. We have to make tracks. I think storming Norma's closing in.

Julian: Oh, Bruce, allow me to introduce you to my ex-son's fiancée,
Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald.
Bruce: What? Ow! Oh. Hello, Theresa. Was that it?
Theresa: Yes.
Bruce: Very nice to meet you.
Julian: Yes, and you remember my former son, Ethan?
Bruce: Oh, I haven't seen you in a long time.
Ethan: It's good to see you, sir.
Julian: And these are Ethan and Theresa's friends, Whitney and Chad.
Bruce: Hi. How do you do? Nice to see you.
Ethan: So why did Bruce think you had a new bride, Julian?
Julian: Well, because -- well, the plan was for Rebecca to come down to
Bermuda so we could be married once my divorce was final from your mother,
but alas, she could not come.
Ethan: Oh. Well, for a minute there -- I mean, the way it sounded --
Bruce made it sound like you were married to Theresa.

Bruce: Ha! Well, no wonder you looked so shocked! Jeez!
Julian: Indeed! Let me make you a drink. Come.
Bruce: Yes, good idea. Isn't that --
Julian: Oh, dear!
Bruce: Man, you're in a bind.
Julian: To put it mildly.
Bruce: Maybe I can help you out.
Julian: If you wanted to help, you would've stopped me from marrying
Theresa in that 24-hour wedding chapel last night. Instead, you all but
sang "oh promise me." I wish you would get out of here so I can figure out
a way to terminate this marriage without being terminated myself. Well, it
sure is good to have you stop by, Bruce!
Bruce: Yeah.
Julian: I'll be in touch. This way. All right, take care. We'll see you
later, partner. Oh, Julian, how are you ever going to extricate yourself
from this imbroglio?

Sheridan: You get the anchor unstuck?
Luis: No, not yet. One more try should do the trick, though.
Sheridan: Ok. Coffee's almost ready.
Luis: Sounds good. June: Sheridan's in the galley where the bomb is.
What if she finds it? Basil: So what if she does? There's nothing she or
Luis can do to stop the bomb from going off as planned. If they try, the
bomb will detonate instantly. Thank you.
Sheridan: Wonder if there's any sugar onboard. Oh. That's a
strange-looking piece of equipment. Why's it down here in the galley?
Wonder what it's for.

David: Grace, I want you to have this.
Grace: David, I couldn't.
David: Go ahead, please, take it. I don't need a drawing of you to
remind me of what you look like. I'll always carry a picture of you in my
heart.
Sam: Don't you have more packing to do?
David: I'm almost done.

Whitney: Theresa, what is going on? What is the deal with that dress
and those shoes?
Theresa: I can't tell you now, Whitney.
Whitney: Honey, I've known you forever and it's obvious that something
is wrong and you're in trouble. Let me help you.
Theresa: You're right, I'm in trouble -- big trouble -- but there's
nothing that you can do about this.
Whitney: Why not? Just tell me what is going on.

Ethan: Well, I'm just glad Theresa's ok.
Chad: Yeah, me, too, man. We got down here to Bermuda and I guess
everything is cool. Hey, now you and Theresa can get married like nothing
happened.
Ethan: That's right. That's exactly what I'm going to do.
Chad: All right.

Sheridan: It's dynamite. It's on some sort of timer.June: Sheridan's
still in the galley where the bomb is. Basil: She should be dead in a
matter of seconds.
Sheridan: Oh, my God, it's a bomb. It's about to go off! Luis! Luis!

Whitney: So when you say a big secret, why don't you just go ahead and
tell me how big. Like "I spent too much money on clothes" big or "keeping
Ethan's paternity a secret" big?
Theresa: This is bigger.
Whitney: What?
Theresa: Like I said, Whitney, I've got a big secret, and it's getting
bigger by the minute.
Whitney: Then you need to tell me what's going on right now so that I
can help you out.
Theresa: We'll talk later, ok?
Whitney: But, theres--
Chad: So what were you and Theresa talking about?
Whitney: She just seemed really nervous and I wanted to make sure she
was all right.
Chad: Well, Theresa seems fine to me.
Whitney: No, Chad, something is definitely wrong. Look, I've known that
girl my whole life and she's definitely in more trouble now than she has
ever been in before.

Ethan: Theresa? I have an idea. Well, actually, more than an idea.
There's something I want to do, and I will not take no for an answer.
Theresa: What is it?
Ethan: Let's go to the 24-hour wedding chapel and get married.
Theresa: Now? Tonight?
Ethan: Yeah, sure. Why not? You know, I mean, you already have a
wedding ring.

David: Well, that's it.
Sam: Ok, Hastings, let's go.
Hank: Sam and I know a shortcut to the airport.
David: You two can't wait to get rid of me, can you?
David: Grace? I wish you every happiness.
Grace: David, don't go! I want you to stay.

Reese: The boat looks like it's almost in range.
Miguel: Hey, Jessica, would you mind getting some more kindling, just
in case?
Jessica: Sure, Miguel.
Miguel: Thanks.
Reese: Now all we have to do is get this fire lit. The boat will see
it, know we're here. Our rescue's all but guaranteed.
Simone: There's no way that wood will burn up after you soaked it with
water.
Kay: Simone, I needed more time to make sure that Miguel makes love to
me. The only to get it was to stall our rescue.
Miguel: Ok, Reese, let's light this thing.
Charity: Oh.
Miguel: Charity, what's wrong? Are you having another premonition?
Charity: We're never getting off this island! We're doomed! We're all
doomed!
Simone: If Charity's premonitions come true, it is your fault, Kay. All
your fault!

Tabitha: Oh. Oh. I never thought I'd be glad to see these bloody kids
again, but I am now. And I think we successfully eluded obnoxious Norma.
Jessica: Tabitha, where were you?
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy and I just took a little nature walk.
Jessica: So I see.
Tabitha: Oh.
Jessica: Anyway, I found someone else to help us cut the wood for our
rescue fire.
Tabitha: Oh, really? Who? Another group of stranded campers?
Jessica: Uh-uh, no, somebody else. It's ok. Come on. You can come on
out. Tabitha?
Norma: Me, Norma.

Sheridan: Luis!
Luis: Sheridan? Sheridan!
Sheridan: Luis! Luis!






 Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Tuesday 8/21/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
 Tuesday 8/21/01

		Proofread by  Elissia
Whitney: So when you say big, just tell me how big exactly. Like
"spending too much money on clothes" big or "keeping Ethan's paternity a
secret" big.
Theresa: Oh, this is bigger.
Whitney: What?
Theresa: Like I said, I am in big trouble, Whitney, and it's getting
bigger by the minute.
Whitney: Well, then you need to tell me what's going on, honey, so I
can help you out.
Theresa: We'll talk later, ok?
Whitney: Look, why don't --
Chad: So what were you and Theresa talking about?
Whitney: She just -- she just seemed so nervous, I wanted to make sure
she was all right, that's all.
Chad: Well, Theresa seems fine to me.
Whitney: No. No, something is definitely wrong with her. Look, I've
known her my whole life, and I'm telling you, she's in more trouble now
than she's ever been in before.

Ethan: Theresa, I have an idea. Well, actually, it's more than just an
idea. It's something i want to do, and I won't take no for an answer.
Theresa: What is it?
Ethan: Let's go to the 24-hour wedding chapel and get married tonight.
Theresa: Now? To-- tonight?
Ethan: Yeah. Why not? I mean, you already have a wedding ring. Theresa,
this is it. I mean, it's what you've always talked about -- fate, destiny,
and what's meant to be. Let's just -- we need to forget about waiting till
we go back to Harmony. Let's get married tonight.
Julian: I married Theresa. Oh.
Theresa: I married Mr. Crane.
Bruce: Yeah, and I was your witness. You see? The judge gave me the
marriage license for safekeeping since you two were so blotto. There it is
in black and white -- Mr. And Mrs. Julian Crane.
Theresa: Oh. It's almost in range.

Miguel: Hey, Jessica, would you mind getting some more kindling, just
in case?
Jessica: Sure, Miguel.
Miguel: Thanks.
Reese: Now all we have to do is get this fire lit. The boat will see
it, know we're here, our rescue's all but guaranteed.
Simone: There's no way that wood will burn after you soaked it with
water.
Kay: Simone, I need more time to make sure Miguel makes love to me. The
only way to get it was to stall our rescue.
Miguel: Ok, Reese, let's light this thing.
Charity: Oh --
Miguel: Charity, what's wrong? Are you having another premonition?
Charity: We're never getting off this island! We're doomed! We're all
doomed!
Simone: If Charity's premonitions come true, it is your fault, Kay. All
your fault

Tabitha: I tell you, Timmy, I never thought I'd be glad to see those
bloody brats again, but I am now. And I think we successfully eluded
Norma.
Jessica: Tabitha, where were you?
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy and I decided to take a little nature walk.
Jessica: Yeah, so I see. Anyway, while you were gone, I found someone
else to help me collect wood for our rescue fire.
Tabitha: Oh, really? Who? Another group of stranded campers?
Jessica: No. Someone else. Come on.
Norma: Me. Norma.
Jessica: Norma, this is Tabitha.
Norma: What's with him? He looks dead.
Jessica: Oh, that's just -- that's Timmy, Tabitha's doll.
Norma: Doll?
Jessica: She -- she takes him everywhere with her, right, Tabitha?
Tabitha: Eh --
Jessica: Anyway, can you believe my luck in finding someone else
stranded on this island? You should have seen the others' faces when i
brought Norma to the beach to meet them.
Norma: Oh, you know, that Reese boy called me sir.
Jessica: No, he didn't mean anything. He's just -- he's very
nearsighted without his glasses.
Norma: Oh.
Jessica: Anyway, not only was i lucky enough to find Norma here, but
she has an ax. So she can help us with the wood that we need for our fire.

Tabitha: Oh, so lucky.
Norma: Pleasure's mine. Oh. Sorry about that. I forgot i was holding my
trusted friend Betsy here. She goes everywhere with me -- kind of like
your doll, I guess.
Jessica: Will you help me, Norma? I see he the the Miguel and Reese
might be able to use for their fire. I don't think I can carry it all by
myself, you know.
Norma: Anything i can do.
Jessica: Thank you.
Norma: Don't run off, you hear? I'll be right back.
Tabitha: We've had it, lad. This time we really are dead meat. [Tabitha
groans] [Timmy whines]

June: Oh, I can't stand it! Why isn't the bomb exploding?
Basil: Oh, patience, Junie moon. It's going to blow any second.
Bye-bye, Sheridan. Bye-bye, Luis. Julian Crane's about to owe us for a job
well done.

Sheridan: Luis!
Luis: Sheridan? Sheridan!
Sheridan: Luis! Luis!

Ethan: Theresa, let's go. And then we'll head down to the resort's
wedding chapel and we'll do what we should have done back in Harmony. And
Chad and Whitney are here to stand up for us, just as we planned.

Chad: What's with Theresa? I mean, why isn't she jumping at the chance
to marry Ethan tonight?
Whitney: I don't know what's going on with her.
Chad: Did she tell you something? Whitney, what'd she say?
Whitney: Not a whole lot, Chad, but all I know is, is that something is
not right.
Ethan: And don't tell me you don't have anything to wear. We'll just
buy something. And besides, whatever you're wearing, you'll be the most
beautiful bride the wedding chapel has ever seen.
Theresa: Ethan, it's -- well, it's --
Ethan: Theresa, what? I mean, you still want to marry me, don't you?
Theresa: Oh, God, yes. I mean, more than anything in the world.
Ethan: Well, ok, then. Let's go! Let's get this show on the road!
Theresa: I'm sorry. We just -- we can't get married. We just can't.

Timmy: Princess lied. She told Timmy once he found the kids, they'd be
safe from Norma.
Tabitha: How was I to know daddy's little girl was going to find
Jessica and make friends with her? That Norma's even more devious than i
thought she was. How does a nut case like that get away with wandering
around the world? She should be locked up somewhere so she can't hurt
decent folks.
Timmy: Timmy thinks princess should stop talking now.
Tabitha: I'll stop talking when i finish, thank you very much.
Timmy: No, Timmy really really strongly suggests that --
Tabitha: Uh -- Norma.
Norma: You think I should be locked up somewhere, Tabitha?
Tabitha: Well -- no, that just didn't come out the way it was supposed
to.
Norma: The hell it didn't! Did you hear what she said about me, daddy?
[As father] no, don't listen to her, Norma. I mean, you're a dear, lovely,
clever girl, not insane at all! But you have let me down along certain
lines, you know? [Normal voice] oh. I'm sorry, father. I'll finish her and
that doll of hers off tonight. I always knew there was something weird
about him.
Timmy: Look who's talking!
Jessica: Oh. You know what I just realized? We don't have to scavenge
around here for more wood. There's plenty back at the campsite.
Norma: Oh. Why don't we wait for you here then?
Jessica: Actually, I could use a little help -- if you don't mind. I
just -- I don't know how much wood Miguel and Reese are going to need and
--
Tabitha: Well, we'll all go.
Jessica: Oh, thanks. That'd be great.
Tabitha: We need to stick close to Jessica. Norma can't kill us while
she's around. She won't want an eyewitness.

Miguel: Just calm down. Everything is going to be all right.
Charity: It's not!
Miguel: No, yes, it is. All right, we are going to light this fire so
the next passing boat sees that we're here. We'll be rescued within hours.

Reese: He's right, Charity. Come over here and help me light this baby.

Miguel: You'll see. Ok, we're going to get picked up and we'll be back
in Harmony in no time. And if you still feel like Theresa and Sheridan are
in danger, well, we will track them down and warn them.

Simone: Look at her, Kay. She's totally freaked out, and she has a
right to be. There's no way that fire will light after you poured all that
water on the wood.
Kay: Simone, would you just chill out? It's really not that big of a
deal.
Simone: We can all die on this island, and you're telling me not to be
upset? You're horrible, Kay, despicable.
Kay: Sticks and stones may break my bones --
Simone: This is not a game, Kay. You're actually hoping that that story
that Reese told you comes true. You want Charity to die so you can have
Miguel all to yourself.
Kay: No. All I want is my fair shot with the guy that's supposed to be
mine in the first place. Whatever happens to her happens.
Simone: Wrong, Kay. You're putting everyone in jeopardy because of your
own you better hope that nothing happens to any of us because if it does,
it's going to be on your conscience. And no one is going to forgive you,
Kay, including me.

[June gasps]
June: Oh, my God. Oh, my God, I've never seen such a huge explosion.
Basil: Ho-ho, what'd I tell you, babe? Nobody's swimming away from this
one. When Julian Crane foots the bill, you got to make sure the job gets
done. Come here, come here, let me show you something. See how the dot on
the screen gets brighter? It's reading the heat from the bomb going off.
Pow! No more Sheridan Crane and Latino lover boy. That's all she wrote,
folks. [Basil chuckles]

Tabitha: Just cut the bloody rope!
Timmy: With what?
Norma: My ax should do nicely. So I'll grab the matches. Then it's down
the beach for a certain rescue.

Charity: Miguel, it's no use. No one's ever going to see that fire.
Miguel: Why not? I mean, we have plenty of wood.
Charity: No, you don't understand.
Kay: What?
Simone: Think about what you're doing. If that fire doesn't light, we
will never be rescued. Our last days like the lost episode on "Gilligan's
island"
Kay: Don't be such a drama queen. We will get off the island
eventually. I'm just making sure that it doesn't happen before it is such
a beautiful day.

Luis: It's been incredible, hasn't it?
Luis: Ah, so my plan is working.
Sheridan: What plan I mean, figuratively speaking, of course!
Norma: [As father] oh, don't listen to them, buttercup. Timmy and
Tabitha embarrassed you and disturbed my beauty sleep! You deserve
revenge.
Timmy: What a wacko! .

Ethan: Why don't you want to get married tonight, Theresa?
Chad: Marrying Ethan's all Theresa ever wanted, and now he's ready to
take the plunge and she's not? Whitney, is there something you ain't
telling me?
Ethan: Theresa, why don't you want to get married?
Julian: Perhaps I could explain.
Ethan: Julian, forgive me, but this is between Theresa and me.
Julian: Oh, I realize that. No one is more keenly aware of my lack of
standing in your life these days. I -- although I'm not your father, I do
wish you would listen to me because I think I know what's going on here.
Ethan: What is it you want to say?
Julian: Well, from what I understand, a woman's wedding day is perhaps
one of the most sacred occasions of her -- of her lifetime. It must be
special, as it's going to be remembered forever.
Ethan: Well, it's important to some husbands, too.
Julian: Yes, I'm sure it is. But it's different with the female of the
species, especially a young lady like Theresa, who I'm sure has been
fantasizing about the wedding of her dreams for years. Theresa's marriage
means the world to her. She's spent her entire life waiting for the big
day. The last thing she wants is to have it thrown together like some
spur-of-the-moment hand of poker. The bride wants -- she deserves to savor
every moment, every detail of the happy occasion. It must be a perfect
day. And in Theresa's case, I'm sure that means being married in a church,
not some 24-hour discount wedding chapel. For God's sake, the young lady's
mother isn't even here.
Theresa: I -- I do wish mama were here.
Ethan: Look, Theresa, so do I. And listen, I promise that when we get
back to Harmony, we'll have another ceremony in the church with father
Lonigan and everyone we know and love to be there. But tonight is just for
us, you know, to officially put all the bad things behind us, to seal our
love with a legal marriage license.
Theresa: Ethan --
Ethan: Theresa, on the way down here I promised myself that as soon as
i saw you i would do whatever i could to prove my love to you. And I think
this is the best way. Please, Theresa. Please marry me tonight.

Jessica: Whoo. I wonder where Norma went.
Tabitha: Yes, I was wondering that myself.
Jessica: She probably just went to go chop up more kindling. Wasn't it
lucky finding someone with their own ax?
Tabitha: Oh, yes, quite fortuitous -- not.
Norma: Looking for me?
Tabitha: Oh!
Jessica: We were. Listen, I'm going to go to help, you guys can just
get the rope ready to tie up when we get back.
Tabitha: Oh, no! No.
Jessica: Why not?
Tabitha: Well -- well, there's no way you could carry all that wood
down on your own. No, I'll -- I'll help you.
Jessica: It's ok. I can get the wood. Why don't you just -- you stay
here and help Norma. I won't be long.
Norma: Yeah. Listen, you do what you need to do. Tabitha -- that's your
name, isn't it? Well, we'll use this time to get better acquainted. People
tell me I'm a real cutup once you get to know me. [Norma laughs]

Simone: This is worse than a mortal sin, Kay. This is pure evil.
Kay: What are you, some kind of a saint in training or something?
Preach your sermon to someone who cares, ok?
Simone: I'm trying to save you from doing something that you're going
to regret.
Kay: Why should i have any regrets when I'm not doing anything wrong?
All I'm trying to do is be with the man that I love.
Simone: By sabotaging the rest of us so we can't get off of this
island? By hoping that Charity dies?
Kay: For the last time, Simone, I am not hoping anything. I'm just
trying to buy myself some time to be with Miguel. I mean, he would be my
boyfriend already if Charity hadn't come to Harmony.
Simone: But she did come to Harmony, and he is her boyfriend, not
yours. The only way that you're going to spend eternity with Miguel is if
Charity's premonition comes true and we all die on this island tonight.
Kay: Whatever.

Reese: That boat's getting closer. We better get this fire lit.
Miguel: Believe me now? Ok, as soon as we get these flames high enough,
the people on that boat are going to see us and they'll get us off this
island in no time.
Charity: We're never getting off the island alive, Miguel. Never. .

Ethan: I don't get this at all. Is there some other reason you don't
want to get married?
Theresa: Oh, of course not. It's what Julian said. And I miss mama and
I just -- I can't get married without mama.
Ethan: Yes, but look, I told you, as soon as we get back to Harmony,
we'll have a ceremony with all the bells and whistles.
Theresa: Oh, I know, Ethan. It just doesn't feel right.
Ethan: I can't believe you're saying that. I was so sure this was what
you wanted.
Theresa: Oh, it is. More than you know. It's just the timing.
Ethan: This is funny. I mean, you're the one who's always going on
about people's destinies. And on the flight down here, I suddenly got the
strangest feeling that if we didn't get married tonight, we might never do
it.
Theresa: Oh, don't say that!
Ethan: Look, I'm sorry to scare you, but I'm just telling you how I
feel. Theresa, do this for me. Let's just get dressed, we'll run down to
the chapel, we'll find a justice of the peace and make our love legal. And
God forbid something happens. This might be our last chance.
Theresa: I can't say no to you, Ethan. Let's just get married!
Julian: What the hell does she think she's doing?

Tabitha: You -- you can't chop our heads off now. Jessica will be back
any minute.
Norma: Ah, you can forget about her. She can't help you. So she comes
back and finds a headless hag and a broken doll. Well, well, thanks to me
and Betsy here, I'll be making the world a safer place.

Miguel: That's weird. It's not lighting.
Reese: Try over on this side.
Miguel: Why isn't it lighting?
Reese: I don't know. It should catch. We built it just like they showed
us in the boy scouts. The density-to-airflow ratio is perfect.
Miguel: Look, all I know is that we've got to get this fire lit before
the boat passes by.
Reese: Hold on, let me try something. It's wet!
Miguel: What are you talking about? It hasn't rained.
Reese: Well, I -- all the wood is completely soaked with water.
Miguel: How the hell did that happen?
Kay: I bet I know. The weight of the kindling probably pushed the pile
down into the sand, causing the seawater to seep up into it.
Reese: No, honey, I never heard anything like that. Besides, we were
careful to build the fire far enough away from the shoreline.
Kay: Well, what else could it be? [Charity moans]
Miguel: What is it? Charity? [Charity gasps]
Charity: Sheridan and Luis have been in an explosion. They're gone,
Miguel. Didn't you see the fire?

Basil: The weather channel says there&#39;s a big storm coming this way.
		Good thing we exploded the island dream when we did. You know, they
		misnamed the lovers&#39; charter boat. They should have called it island
		nightmare. [Basil laughs]

Tabitha: Close your eyes, Timmy. It's best not too look.
Jessica: Norma, can you help -- oh, can you help me with this wood? You
think it's enough?
Norma: Oh. Yes, yes, I should think so.
Jessica: Oh, can you help me tie it up?
Norma: Of course, dear.
Jessica: Thank you.
Tabitha: Oh. That was too close for comfort.
Timmy: What are Timmy and tabby going to do now?
Tabitha: Well, I haven't quite worked that out yet, Timmy.
Timmy: Timmy thinks Timmy and tabby should make a run for the woods and
try to hide.
Tabitha: Oh, no. Anything but that.
Timmy: Why not?
Tabitha: That's why. Oh, Timmy, the warlocks are restless. They haven't
forgiven me for ruining their evil plan to wipe out all humanity.
Timmy: But princess didn't know she was giving them the wrong scepters.

Tabitha: Oh, they don't care about an innocent mistake. They hate me.
No matter where we hid in the woods, they'd find us and kill us with their
supernatural powers.
Timmy: But Norma's going to kill Timmy and tabby with her ax.

Miguel: We need to get her a blanket, Reese. She's freezing.
Reese: You know, maybe we should just take her back to camp. I'll light
another fire there. That'll warm her up. [Boat horn sounds]
Miguel: What about the boat? It's going to by passing by in a few
minutes. We've got to find a way to let them know we're here.
Reese: Well, I don't know how if i can't get the fire to light.
Miguel: You're right. The most important thing right now is Charity.
Reese: I don't understand it. How the heck did all this wood get
soaked?

Kay: All right. I just bought myself all the time I'm going to need to
get Miguel.
Simone: No, you just bought us all a death sentence. Now we're not even
going to make it back in time to tell Theresa and Sheridan of Charity's
premonitions.
Kay: Premonitions my foot. Simone, she's probably just trying to get
attention. And, besides, even if there is some truth to them, it doesn't
matter anyway. She already said it's too late for Theresa, so we can't do
anything to help her.
Simone: You're all heart, Kay.

Chad: Well, whatever's hanging Theresa up can't be that bad or else she
wouldn't have said ok to the wedding.
Whitney: Yeah, I guess.
Chad: Hey. You guys want us to meet you at the chapel?
Ethan: You know what? I got a better idea. Theresa's got to get ready
anyway, so that'll give me some time to make some special arrangements at
the chapel. Do you mind joining me, Chad?
Chad: Hey, what are best mans for?
Ethan: All right. Theresa, I want to make this ceremony as special as I
can for you.
Theresa: Oh, it's already the most special night of my life because you
want to marry me.
Ethan: All right. I guess we better get going.
Chad: Yeah.
Ethan: Well, it looks like a beauty of a storm is brewing.
Chad: Well, at least the chapel is on the grounds, so we don't have to
go so far.
Ethan: Yeah.
Chad: See you guys.
Whitney: Well, I guess we'd better get you something to wear then.
Julian: Whitney, that'll have to wait. I need to speak to Theresa now,
alone.
Whitney: Something is going on. I just wish I knew what it was.
Theresa: Well, I hope Sheridan and Luis made it back. I mean, I would
hate for them to be out at sea when the storm blows in.
Julian: I'm sure they're fine. Probably on their way back to the room
right now. But I didn't bring you out here to talk about them. Why the
hell did you tell Ethan that you'd marry him when you're already married
to me?&nbsp;
Julian: In case you've forgotten, we were married last night in the
very same chapel that Ethan is so anxious to get you to.
Theresa: I know, but --
Julian: But nothing! We may be down on a tropical desert island, but
bigamy is against the law here, too. If you marry Ethan, you will go to
prison.
Theresa: Oh, my God! Oh, what am I going to do?
Julian: You have no choice. You have to go ahead with the marriage to
Ethan.
Theresa: But you just said that --
Julian: I know! I wasn't thinking! You've painted yourself into a
corner. Now that you've agreed to marry him, if you pull out, it'll send
up way too many red flags. You go ahead and you marry Ethan and I'll
figure out how we can have our marriage annulled.
Theresa: Can you really do that?
Julian: I can do anything i want. I'm Julian Crane.
Theresa: But even if you get our marriage annulled, it won't be till
after i marry Ethan. That means that my marriage to him won't be legal.
Julian: Well, your marriage tonight won't be, but who's to know that
except for you and me? Once you get back to Harmony, you can the church
wedding you've always dreamed of, and no one but you will know that you
weren't legally husband and wife before then.
Theresa: Do you really think it can work?
Julian: Well, it better, for both our sakes. Yes. I'll have our
marriage dissolved and we'll both be in the clear.
Theresa: Julian, thank you. Thank you.
Julian: Oh, well. It was fun while it lasted. Rebecca would have my
head on a platter, not to mention other body parts.
Whitney: So, what was that all about, Theresa?
Theresa: Mr. Crane was just giving me some advice.
Whitney: Since when is Julian Crane your dear Abby?
Julian: Oh. If you ladies will excuse me, I have a few things to take
care of. [Door closes]
Whitney: Theresa, what is going on with you and Julian Crane? And why
are you hiding that dress under your robe? Tell me what's going on here.
Theresa: Oh. Oh, whoo. [Julian chuckles] [Theresa sighs]

Bruce: Ha! Where's the little lady?
Julian: Will you shut --
Bruce: Don't tell me the honeymoon's already over.
Julian: Shut up! God. Just tell me what the hell I'm going to do.
Bruce: What are you talking about? You just got hitched to a beautiful
babe, and you obviously consummated the marriage last night, if you know
what i mean.
Julian: You know, this is all your fault. You should have stopped me
from marrying the girl.
Bruce: Do I look like your mother to you? Don't tell me your ex-son
found out you married his fiancée. [Bruce laughs]
Julian: Not yet. In fact, Ethan is pressing Theresa to marry him
tonight. [Bruce laughs]
Bruce: That's beautiful. You got a problem, buddy.

Reese: I'll get a fire going. That ought to warm her up.
Miguel: Yeah, let's just hope this wood's not wet, too.
Reese: You know, I still can't figure out what the heck happened to
that wood down at the beach.
Jessica: What happened? I thought you guys were down at the beach
trying to signal the boat.
Miguel: Charity's not feeling too hot, and besides that, we couldn't
get the fire lit.
Jessica: Why not?
Reese: Well, somehow, all the wood down there got completely soaked
with water. We just can't figure out how. It's as if fate was conspiring
to keep us from getting rescued.
Jessica: Yeah, something like that.
Reese: There she goes.
Miguel: You'll be feeling better in no time. [Charity moans]
Miguel: What is it?
Charity: All of us, every single one of us is going to die.

Basil: The storm's going to be on us in no time. You see anything
moving out there in the water?
June: Nothing. No sign of life.
Basil: Excellent. Julian Crane will be pleased. He may even throw a few
more jobs our way.
June: I don't know who's sicker, you for enjoying our work or him for
killing his own sister.
Basil: It's a living, baby cakes.

Charity: All of the pain and suffering, Miguel, it's horrible.
Miguel: Who are you seeing?
Charity: Your sister, Theresa, Sheridan and Luis, even Tabitha and her
doll -- all of us! No one of us is going to make it!
Miguel: Charity, Charity, you have to try to calm down, ok? Come on.
Just put your head on my shoulder, close your eyes.

Simone: You must be very proud, Kay. If Charity's premonitions are on
the money and we're all doomed, it'll be all your fault for pouring water
on the S.O.S. Fire down at the beach.
Kay: Simone, stop being such a worrywart, ok?

Norma: Pain? Suffering? I don't know about the others, but the blonde
girl's dead-on about you two.

Ethan: Go ahead and say it, Chad.
Chad: Say what?
Ethan: That I'm an idiot for thinking that Theresa and I wouldn't pull
this off. I just don't know why I thought that something was going to get
in the way of us getting married.
Chad: Well, it hasn't exactly been easy going.
Ethan: Yeah, but that was my fault. But now that I've come to my
senses, I can see that the most important thing is to marry the woman I
love. And that, my friend, is exactly what I'm going to do tonight.
Theresa and I are going to be husband and wife.
[Bruce laughs]
Julian: You know, you can stop anytime.
Bruce: Oh, hey, I don't think so. What is it, two -- two marriages in
the same chapel in what, about 12 hours? This Theresa chick is really
trying to set some kind of a record. And you know the best part? Marriage
number two is to your ex-son! What is it they say about keeping it all in
the family?
Julian: Would you just shut up! Help me figure out what I'm going to
do?
Bruce: I'm sorry, buddy, but my mind's a blank. I think your goose is
royally cooked. [Bruce laughs]

Theresa: How did this happen?
Whitney: How did what happen, Theresa? What in the world is going on
here, and what does it have to do with Julian Crane? Just tell me.
Theresa: I can't, Whitney.
Whitney: Well, from the looks of it, you really need to open up to
somebody.
Theresa: I would if i could.
Whitney: All right. All right, fine. Don't tell me. I guess we'd better
just get you dressed for the wedding, huh? You going to wear that or what?

Theresa: No. No.
Whitney: Why not? Theresa, what is the deal with that dress anyway?
I've never seen it before.
Theresa: It's new.
Whitney: Hmm. Kind of revealing, too, isn't it? Yeah, I guess this
isn't something that you would get married in.
Theresa: Oh, yes, it is.
Whitney: Now, what is that supposed to mean?
Theresa: Nothing.
Whitney: All right, since you're not telling me anything, Theresa,
maybe i should just ask Ethan what he thinks about you hiding a really
sexy dress under your robe.
Theresa: Ooh, Whitney, don't! Fine. I'll tell you the whole story.
Whitney: Just let it out. Why did you call this a wedding dress?
Theresa: Because I've already been married in it.






 Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;
&nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Wednesday 8/22/01

<!--
 div.MsoNormal
	{mso-style-parent:"";
	margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	font-size:12.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";
	margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; margin-top:0in}
-->

name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
 Wednesday 8/22/01

Proofread by  Elissia
Hank: I don't get it, David. You said I was right, that you were only causing
Grace pain by being here. You said you were leaving Harmony.
David: I was -- until Grace asked me to stay. And now I'm not going anywhere
until she wants me to leave.



Sam: Grace, why didn't you just let David leave? He was ready to go.
Grace: Sam, I'm sorry, but I couldn't, I mean, not when there's this dark
cloud hanging over our marriage.
Sam: David is the dark cloud over our marriage. Once he leaves, everything
will be fine.
Grace: Sam, how can everything be fine when I know that there's a marriage
license from Hartford that says I am married to him?
Sam: It's got to be a forgery. Look, I still don't buy anything he says.
Grace: But we don't know that he's lying, and the F.B.I. Background check you
did proves that he is exactly who he said he is.
Sam: Grace, no matter who he says he is, he's not your husband.
Grace: And, Sam, we just don't know that for sure. And until we know, I want
him to stay.
David: Does that mean you believe me, Grace, that you finally realize that we
were married over 20 years ago?
Sam: No, she doesn't believe it. She doesn't believe anything of the kind.

David: Let Grace speak for herself.
Sam: Tell him, honey. Tell him you don't believe that you're married to him.




Ethan: I wonder where the justice of the peace is.
Chad: Hey, relax, Ethan, he'll be here.
Ethan: I guess I'm just anxious to get on with it and marry Theresa.
Chad: I know. But you're ok now, right?
Ethan: Yeah, yeah. I just -- I don't know what got into me, thinking that if
we didn't get married right away it might never happen.
Chad: Well, it's going to happen, so relax, all right?
Ethan: God, I feel great. You know, I mean, Theresa and I are getting right
here tonight and nothing is going to stop this wedding. Nothing is going to keep
us apart.



Whitney: What was that? Theresa, what did you just tell me?
Theresa: I said that it is a wedding dress. That I got married in it last
night.
Whitney: Theresa, honey, that's crazy. Ethan wasn't even here last night.
Theresa: I know. Oh, Whitney. Oh, this time I have really done it.
Whitney: Theresa, just wait, wait just a second. You're saying that you got
married here in Bermuda last night?
Theresa: Yes.
Whitney: But Ethan wasn't here. So who did you marry?
Theresa: It's too horrible.
Whitney: Theresa? Honey, listen to me, I am trying to understand what you're
saying. Ok, you came here to Bermuda to try to talk to Julian Crane about taking
Ethan back into the family.
Theresa: Yes.
Whitney: You wanted to make amends because you felt guilty that the
information on your computer got out and it exposed Ethan as Sam Bennett's son
and not Mr. Crane's.
Theresa: And that ruined Ethan's life and it was all my fault, and I was just
trying to help. But I'm so stupid.
Whitney: But when you left Harmony, Ethan was the only man you ever loved,
the only man that you ever wanted to marry, right?
Theresa: Yes. I mean, that's why I came down here to talk to Mr. Crane.
Whitney: So if you were with Mr. Crane, please tell me how you met someone,
fell in love, and got married all in one night.
Theresa: I didn't meet anybody else, Whitney. I didn't even -- I didn't talk
to anybody else.
Whitney: Well, then how do you -- no. Theresa, no.
Theresa: Yes. Whitney, I married Julian Crane.



Bruce: Oh, Julian, you have really done it. You are really in a pickle this
time.
Julian: Would you just keep it down?
Bruce: Oh, shh. Yeah, right. We don't want the whole island to know that your
ex-son is marrying your wife?
Julian: Shut up! This is all your fault.
Bruce: My fault?
Julian: You could see that Theresa and I were drunk. You should've stopped us
from getting married.
Bruce: Whoa, no, no, don't lay that on me. Look, I would never have stopped
this wedding. We were all having too much fun.
Julian: Well, if you could stop laughing long enough, perhaps you could help
me try to figure a way out of this mess.
Bruce: Oh, it's a mess, all right.
Julian: Yes, well, then help me. Ethan is at the chapel right now, planning
his marriage to Theresa. If he finds out that I already married her, he'll kill
me!
Bruce: I'm afraid there is no way out of this mess. You're as good as dead,
buddy. [Bruce laughs]



Luis: Sheridan! Sheridan!



Sam: Tell him, Grace. Tell him you know you're not married to him.
Grace: Look, Sam, I can't.
Sam: Grace, how could you possibly say that?
Grace: Look, Sam, I don't know what I know. I'm confused. You know, I do know
that we can't just ignore this and pretend that David doesn't exist.
Sam: Yes, you can. Let him leave town and he doesn't exist.
Grace: Sam, the genie has been let out of the bottle and we all have to deal
with this.
David: Are you sure you want to deal with it, Grace? I can't stand causing
you any more pain.
Grace: Thank you, but, yes, I am certain that I want to confront this. Look,
having amnesia and not remembering the first 20 years of my life has been really
hard. And it's not that I'm not happy, Sam. You know that I am happy. It's just
that this black hole in my life has always haunted me. I've been afraid that
something would come out of my past and disrupt my entire life. I just -- I
didn't think it would be anything this serious.
Sam: Grace, don't let him get to you. He is nothing to you.
Grace: Sam, he could be my husband.
Sam: No, he isn't.
Grace: It's possible. And before he leaves, I want to have all the answers to
the questions that he's brought with him.
Sam: What questions?
Grace: Well, for instance, who I'm married to.
Sam: You are married to me. You're my wife. We have three beautiful children
together. Now, how can you question that?
Grace: Sam, I am not questioning that. My question is if I am married to
David, also.
Sam: That is ridiculous. You are not married to him.
Grace: What if I am, Sam? That would make me a bigamist.
David: Grace, I am so sorry. I never imagined you'd be married --
Sam: You shut your mouth! You've caused enough damage already.
Grace: Sam. I just -- I want all the answers. I want to resolve everything
from my past so that I never have to be afraid of my future again.



Julian: Obviously, the first thing I have to do is have my marriage to
Theresa annulled.
Bruce: You don't have time for that. Ethan's already at the chapel getting
ready to marry her right now.
Julian: Yes, I'm well aware of that!
Bruce: Even the great Julian Crane with all his billions can't get an
annulment in time to save his rear.
Julian: I thought you were my friend.
Bruce: I am your friend. I was the best man at your wedding last night,
remember?
Julian: A snake and a betrayer.
Bruce: Hey, I even got the flowers for your little tamale, too. You know, I
bet those flowers are still fresh enough for Ethan and Theresa's wedding.
Julian: Would you stop blathering about that and help me figure a way out of
this mess?
Bruce: Hmm, Julian, I think you have finally hit the proverbial brick wall.
All your scheming and hard living have finally caught up with you. I don't think
there is a way out of this.



Ethan: You know how Theresa's always talking about fate?
Chad: Mm-hmm.
Ethan: Well, I think it's fate that we're getting married here.
Chad: Well, I am not one to question fate when it comes to Theresa.
Ethan: I mean, that's what I'm saying. I mean, what else could it be? I mean,
this place looks as if Theresa was here and decorated it for her own wedding.




Whitney: So you are married to Julian Crane?
Theresa: I told you it was horrible.
Whitney: Honey, what were you thinking? How could you have let this happen?

Theresa: I had too much champagne. You know, I think that alcohol should be
outlawed. If I hadn't been drunk, this never would've happened.
Whitney: Whoa, drunk? You're not even old enough to drink, Theresa.
Theresa: I know. And I kept telling Mr. Crane that, but he said in Bermuda i
was old enough. And he kept telling me to relax and he made me think that I was
actually convincing him to adopt Ethan.
Whitney: Well, did he ever actually say that he would?
Theresa: No. I don't think so. I don't remember.
Whitney: You know, maybe this is just all some horrible nightmare.
Theresa: I would give anything if that were true, Whitney, but this is real.

Whitney: Ok, maybe this wedding -- it's probably not even legal, Theresa. You
can get out of this.
Theresa: We both woke up with wedding rings. You know, we have -- here -- a
marriage license to prove it.
Whitney: Oh, my gosh. You really are married to Julian Crane.
Theresa: I know.
Whitney: Theresa, you said that you both woke up. Does t bed?
Theresa: Yes.
Whitney: Does, um, it?
Theresa: That's exactly what it means, Whitney. Not only did I marry Julian
Crane, I had sex with him.



Luis: Sheridan! Sheridan!
Sheridan: Luis!
Luis: Sheridan? Sheridan!
Sheridan: Luis!
Luis: Sheridan! Sheridan!
Luis: Sheridan! Sheridan!
Luis: Sheridan!
Luis: Sheridan!
Luis: Please God, let me find her. Sheridan!
Luis: Oh, thank God. Over here! Please! Hurry! Over here!



Whitney: I can't believe what I'm hearing. You actually had sex with Julian
Crane?
Theresa: Yes. You know, but I thought that i was making love to Ethan. You
know, I had this -- this wonderful dream where I was marrying Ethan in the
chapel, but now I know it wasn't a dream. I was marrying Julian Crane.
Whitney: You know, Theresa, I told you not to even come down here. I mean, we
both talked about Julian Crane's reputation. How could you even let yourself be
put in that kind of situation?
Theresa: I told you, Whitney, I really believed that i was convincing him to
adopt Ethan. And we had so much champagne!
Whitney: Ok, ok, fine. What are we going to do now, Theresa? I mean, you
can't marry Ethan because you're already married to his father. I mean, at least
the man who we thought was his father. You slept with Ethan's father.
Theresa: I know. My whole life is falling apart. What am I going to do?



Bruce: Oh, what a way to spend a honeymoon. It's too bad. Was a beautiful
wedding. You and Theresa were both really bombed, but you held yourselves
together. You stood up in front of that justice of peace and you said those
vows. Then you grabbed her and you gave her some kind of a kiss.
Theresa: Mmm, mmm!
Julian: God. Why can't I remember anything?
Bruce: About 10 magnums of champagne, I'd say.
Julian: No wonder my head's exploding. God. If this is a nightmare, I wish
someone would wake me up.
Bruce: Oh, I'm sorry, buddy, this is no dream.
Julian: You're right. How could things ever get any worse?
Bruce: Well, like you said, could get a lot worse if Ethan found out you
married his girl.
Julian: Ethan can never find out. No one can. No one knows except for you,
me, and Theresa. As long as we keep our traps shut, we're safe. No one else who
knows us was at the ceremony.
Henry: Oh, these must be the photos from last night's wedding. Hmm.
Henry: Oh, what a travesty of the marriage sacrament.



Ethan: Excuse me. Hi. Are you the justice of the peace?
Henry: Well, yes, I am. May I help you?
Ethan: Yes. I'd like to have a wedding here at the chapel tonight.
Henry: Oh, that's fine. Our schedule's wide open. And you're the best man,
hmm?
Chad: Yeah, yeah, that's right, the best man.
Ethan: Yeah, and my bride and the maid of honor should be here soon. So what
kind of services do you offer?
Henry: We offer a full-service chapel, nondenominational. We can provide you
with a photographer, a videographer, flowers, music, witnesses, even the rings.

Ethan: Oh, well, that's great. I notice you were looking at some photographs.
Wedding pictures?
Henry: Well, yes, this was a service we had last night.
Ethan: You mind if I look at them? I'd like to see the kind of work your
photographer does. I'm looking for the perfect picture,



Hank: Maybe you and I should let Sam and Grace talk this out.
David: I told you, I'm not going anywhere unless Grace wants me to.
Sam: Grace, please tell him to leave. He's only going to cause you more
trouble, make you more unhappy.
Grace: Sam, he knows so much about my past. What if he knows about my past
before I got amnesia? I mean, I have finally met someone who knows me and might
be able to make me remember.
Sam: Sweetheart, come on, I know you think David can help you, but trust me,
he can't. It's all a pack of lies. Your life is with me and the kids. The only
way for you to face the future without fear is to forget about David,
concentrate on our future.
David: Sam is right.
Grace: What?
David: Sam you have to forget about me. You have to let me leave Harmony.



Theresa: So tell me what to do. I mean, how can I fix this?
Whitney: Theresa, you're going to go to Ethan and you're going to tell him
everything.
Theresa: I can't do that, Whitney, it would kill him.
Whitney: Oh, ok, so you're going to be married to two men at once, then?
Theresa: No. No, Mr. Crane is going to fix that. I mean, he's going to get an
annulment, so by the time we get back to Harmony and we have our church wedding,
I'll be free. So there's no reason to tell Ethan what happened. I mean, that
would just upset him.
Whitney: Theresa, will you just listen to yourself? How can you have a happy
marriage based on so many lies?
Theresa: But how can I tell Ethan that I married the man he thought of as his
father and that I slept with him?
Whitney: I know it's not going to be easy for you to do. It's going to be
difficult, I know.
Theresa: Difficult? No. Whitney, it would be impossible, and I can't do it.

Whitney: Theresa, you have to do it. Listen to me, Ethan knows Julian's
reputation better than anyone. He's not going to blame you for this.
Theresa: Oh, yes, he will. He'll never love me again if he hears what i've
done.
Whitney: Look, you've already had one wedding canceled because you didn't
tell Ethan the truth, that you knew he wasn't a Crane and you didn't tell him.

Theresa: I know.
Whitney: And I told you to tell him the truth then, but you didn't listen to
me. And he found out anyway and your wedding was ruined. Now it's like you have
a second chance. Have to do is be honest. You've already tried lying and it's
backfired. Just do the right thing for once. Tell Ethan the truth. It's the only
way your relationship stands a chance. Uh, these photos aren't really a good
example of our photographer's work. I have others that I can show you.



Ethan: Oh, well, then maybe I should just hire a photographer of our own. I
mean, I really want my bride to have wonderful pictures of the ceremony.
Henry: Well, no, no, now, it's not that our photographer isn't any good. He's
excellent. well, the couple that I married last night weren't exactly your
typical young lovers. It was the middle of the night. Oh, I got a phone call.
Woke me from a very sound sleep. Do you take Theresa as your lawfully wedded
wife?



Julian: Wassup? Wassup!
Bruce: Wassup!
Julian: Wassup!
Theresa: Ooh!
Henry: Your lawfully wedded wife?
Theresa: Whoo! Yes. Mm-hmm.



Henry: At any rate, these photos aren't fairly representative of the kind of
wedding that we offer here at the chapel.
Chad: Well, how come?
Henry: Well, let's just say we wouldn't put them in our brochure.
Ethan: Now I'm really curious to see these photos.
Henry: Well, I'd really rather not show you these pictures. The marriage was
really rather strange.
Chad: Strange? How?
Henry: Yeah, well, the man was quite a bit older than his bride and they both
had been drinking quite a lot. In fact, the groom had a bottle of champagne in
his hand during the entire ceremony.
Ethan: Not exactly a marriage made in heaven.
Chad: Nope.
Henry: Yes, well -- oh, enough about last night, though. What can I do to
make your wedding a happy and a memorable occasion?



Julian: I don't even want to think about what Ethan will do if he finds out I
married Theresa. He'd jump to conclusions, of course. He'll blame me. He'll say
that I got her drunk and manipulated her into marrying me.
Bruce: He knows you pretty well, doesn't he?
Julian: I fail to find the humor in this situation, Bruce.
Bruce: Oh, come on, then you're not looking deep enough, old buddy.
Julian: Damn it, would you just help me find a way -- oh, no.
Bruce: Now what?
Julian: Theresa's brother. He hates my guts already. If Luis finds out I
married his sister, Ethan's going to have to put the pieces of my body back
together before he can kill me.
Bruce: This just keeps getting better.
Julian: It amuses you to think of me being drawn and quartered? Oh, wait, I
just remembered -- Luis will never know about this.
Bruce: Oh, why not? What's to keep him from finding out?
Julian: Let's just say a little plan of mine recently blew up in Luis' face.
He'll never cause me trouble again.



Luis: My fiancée's in the water. We've got to get her out of there.
Man: It's ok, buddy. We've got you.
Second Man: What the hell happened here? We saw the explosion from way out.

Luis: Sheridan's in the water. We've got to get her out of there!
Man: All right, take it easy, pal. You're lucky to be alive.
Second Man: You've got a bad cut on your head. Ron, get the first-aid kit.

Luis: Sheridan's hurt. We've got to get her out of there.
Man: We'll find her. We've got to take care of you first.
Luis: Look, forget about me! Sheridan and I are getting married. So you get
on the radio and call for help. Get a search party.
Ron: All right, we'll get you fixed up in no time.
Luis: Where's your radio?
Man: Sorry, it's down. Look, we're going to head back to shore, try and beat
that storm. We can send a search party out from there.
Luis: It's going to be too late! Sheridan's hurt! We've got to get her out of
there! Sheridan! Sheridan!



Grace: Now you want to leave?
David: Yes. Yes, look, Sam is right. I should leave Harmony right away. I
can't stand to see you so torn, so unhappy.
Hank: Wait a minute. You just said you weren't leaving Harmony as long as
Grace wanted you to stay.
David: I changed my mind. I was wrong. Sam is right. Look, if you take me out
of the equation, Grace lives a happy life.
Sam: Well, that's the first thing you've said that makes sense.
Grace: David, you can't just go. I have so many things I want to ask you
about my past.
Grace: What if I have more questions?
David: Look, Grace, I love you and I would do anything to get you back the
way you were when we were married.
Sam: Oh, come on, David!
David: But I can see that my being here is causing you pain. And I can't
stand that, so I'm going to leave.
Sam: Well, there's the proof that you needed, that you were never married to
him. How can a man walk away from a woman he supposedly loves so much?
David: You don't get it, Sam, do you? I'm walking away so that she'll be
happy. I love her enough to sacrifice my own happiness. I'm letting her go so
that I won't cause her any more pain, even though it's killing me.
David: Look, I'll write. I'll let you know where I am from time to time, in
case you have any more questions about the past.
Grace: I just wish you would stay.
David: Grace, I want you to be happy. And you can't be while I'm in the
picture. So I hope -- I hope you enjoy your new house and Sam and your kids. And
I hope you will live happily ever after.



Whitney: Theresa, you have to tell Ethan the truth.
Theresa: I'm still not sure I can, Whitney.
Whitney: You have to. He's going to find out sooner or later.
Theresa: Not necessarily.
Whitney: Well, you of all people should know that secrets always have a way
of coming out. But if you tell him, he will forgive you.
Theresa: I don't know. I mean, I don't think that any relationship is strong
enough to survive this.
Whitney: Well, I'll tell you right now I don't think your relationship is
strong enough to survive any more lies. Theresa, honey, listen to me, Ethan
loves you. He was going out of his mind when he couldn't find you after the
wedding fell apart. Even knowing that you lied to him, he didn't care. He was
still going crazy till we found you just now.
Theresa: But if I tell him what I've done, it'll break his heart completely.
He'll never forgive me.
Whitney: Yes. Yes, he will. He knows that you don't love Mr. Crane. He'll
understand. Give him a chance to understand.
Theresa: Why can't I turn back the clock to yesterday?
Whitney: Well, you can't. And you have to think about how Ethan's going to
feel if your secret comes out later. Ethan's not going to be angry with you for
marrying Julian Crane, but he will be furious with you if you lie to him again.
Just tell him the truth. If you don't, I really believe that you could lose him
forever.



Henry: Now, what time would you like the ceremony to start?
Ethan: Well, as soon as my bride gets here, which should be soon.
Henry: Excellent. I am so glad to marry a young couple who takes their
marriage vows seriously. So unlike that couple I married last night. All these
beautiful flowers were brought in just for that wedding.
Ethan: Oh, well, that's lucky for us. I mean, these are my bride-to-be's
favorite flowers.



Julian: Damn Theresa, anyway, for agreeing to marry Ethan now. As if things
weren't bad enough. Why couldn't she have just said, &quot;no, I want to go back to
Harmony, I want to be married in a church&quot;? What kind of a catholic is she,
anyway?
Bruce: Well, that would've been too easy. You could've gotten an annulment in
time. Hey, wait, wait a minute. You don't have to worry about Theresa and Ethan
getting married right away.
Julian: What the hell are you talking about?
Bruce: Well, I just remembered -- there's only one justice of the peace at
the wedding chapel.
Julian: Yeah, so?
Bruce: Well, the minute he sees Theresa, he'll recognize her and he'll refuse
to marry her again.
Julian: Oh, no. My God, if Theresa walks into that chapel and the justice of
the peace sees her, Ethan will find out everything. I cannot let her go to that
chapel. Ethan will kill me. on the show. I think I will go so crazy.



Luis: Sheridan!
Man: Going to have to tell him I don't think anybody could've survived that
explosion.
Ron: I'm surprised he did.
Man: Look, you'd better sit down.
Ron: You've lost a lot of blood. Sit down and let us put something on it, all
right? What's your name, buddy?
Luis: It's Luis.
Man: Look, we're going to head back to shore. The wind's blowing up.
Luis: No, I am not leaving her out here! Sheridan is my life.
Man: We'll find her, but we have to get back to shore.
Luis: I'll find her, all right?
Ron: Look, you're in no shape to help anyone, buddy.
Luis: Can't lose her again.
Man: Look, we're going to get you back to the harbor, let somebody look at
you. When you feel strong enough, you can come back out with the search party.

Luis: No!
Man: No!
Ron: Hey! Hey! He's too weak. He'll never survive in this.
Man: Where'd he go? You see him?
Ron: No.



Whitney: Go to Ethan now, Theresa. Tell him the truth. Don't let another
stupid lie come between you.
Theresa: All right. I will do it. I have to be honest with Ethan. I'm going
to go to him and I'm going to tell him right now!
Whitney: Good! Good! Oh. Oh, honey, I am so, so proud of you. You won't be
sorry.
Theresa: Oh, thank you for talking sense into me. Thanks for everything.
Always.
Whitney: It's ok. I'm going to wait here for you, ok?
Theresa: Ok.
Whitney: Wish you luck.
Theresa: Thanks. All right. All right.
Whitney: Ok, you can do it.
Whitney: I'd better call my mom, let her know what's going on.



Julian: Yes, this is Julian Crane. Would you connect me to the room of Luis
Lopez Fitzgerald, please, and hurry. I have to get a hold of Theresa, tell her
to stay put. She must not go to that chapel under any circumst-- yes? Oh, damn
it! It's busy.
Bruce: Then you'd better get over there, and fast.
Julian: I'll go to the balcony. It's quicker.
Bruce: Here's to you, Julian, and your new lovely bride. Oh, jeez.
Julian: Whitney? Where's Theresa?
Whitney: Shh! I'm leaving a message for my mother. So anyway, mom, I just
wanted to call you, and I'll call you later to let you know that everything is
just fine. Ok, so please, please, don't worry. Oh, oh, and if you --
Julian: Psst! Where is Theresa?
Whitney: If you talk to Theresa's mom, will you tell her that Theresa's just
fine, too? We're both ok. Oh, one more thing -- please call Judy Pierce for me.
I'm supposed to give her a tennis lesson in the morning and I'm not sure that
I'm going to make it. And let me just see if there's anything else.
Julian: Just hang up.



Theresa: Whitney's right. I have to tell Ethan the truth. It's the only way.




Henry: Still no bride?
Ethan: No, not yet. But wait till you see her. She's the most beautiful woman
in the world.
Chad: Oh, yeah, yeah, she's a beauty, all right.
Henry: Oh, I'm sure she is.
Ethan: Yeah, once you see her, you'll never forget her.
Henry: Oh, I guess I'd better put these away in case the couple wants copies.

Ethan: Sure, sure. Oh, you dropped one.



Grace: No, David, wait. You can't go.
Sam: Grace, please, let him go. He wants to leave. Now, let's get on with our
lives.
Grace: Sam, I don't think we can get on with our lives if David leaves. I
need a resolution. I need closure.
Sam: I'll help you forget any of this ever happened.
Grace: I don't think you can do that. Look, I'm sorry, Sam, but if David
leaves, if I don't have a resolution to this, I'll always look back and wonder
if I betrayed my vows to another man.
Sam: You didn't betray your vows, not if you were never married to him.
Grace: But what if I was? And then every time I took communion, I would be
afraid that I was committing sacrilege -- that is if I even take communion. Now,
I'm sorry, Sam, but if we don't resolve this, I'm afraid I would never be happy
in my life again.



Whitney: Well, I guess that's all. I just wanted to let you and dad know
where I was so that you wouldn't worry about me. I love you guys. Good-bye.
Julian: Finally!
Whitney: What do you want, Mr. Crane?
Julian: Where is Theresa? It is imperative that i find her.
Whitney: Theresa is on her way to the wedding chapel. She's going to tell
Ethan everything.
Julian: Everything? So she told you about last night?
Whitney: Yeah, she told me.
Julian: Oh, she can't tell Ethan.
Whitney: I just talked myself blue trying to convince her that that's the
right thing to do.
Julian: You're wrong! It is not the right thing to do and she won't get a
chance to confess, not if the justice of the peace sees her first.
Whitney: Justice of the peace? What does he have to do with anything?
Julian: Because there's only one here and he married Theresa and me last
night! The moment he sees Theresa, he'll spill the beans and Ethan will go
ballistic!
Whitney: Oh, my God.
Julian: God! We have to stop Theresa --
Whitney: Ok.
Julian: Before she gets to that chapel!
Whitney: All right.



Henry: I can get those, Ethan, thank you.
Ethan: Oh, sure. No problem.
Henry: Now, what time do you expect your bride?
Ethan: Well, should be any minute. Can't wait to marry her.
Henry: Oh, I can see that.



Theresa: Just keep telling yourself you are doing the right thing, Theresa.
You have to be honest with him. You have to be honest.



Man: See him anywhere?
Ron: No. Not a sign.
Man: I think he's gone.
Ron: Yeah. I think you're right.
 Man: Whoever this Luis was, may he rest in peace.vv



  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;&nbsp;
 &nbsp;




















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Thursday 8/23/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">



&nbsp;


 Thursday 8/23/01 &nbsp;


Proofread by  Elissia
&nbsp;
Ron: Luis! Luis!
Captain: Give it up, Ron. He's gone, and we need to get back to the
harbor.
Ron: We can't just leave him out here, cap.
Captain: He was so weak when he dived overboard.
Ron: We've got to keep on searching. His love for this Sheridan girl
will keep him alive, give him strength.
Captain: There's no way Luis is going to survive. When we get back to
the dock, report the accident.
Ron: I'm not giving up, cap. I can't. Luis is alive, and he's out
there. I know it.

Charity: Poor Theresa. Her life's been destroyed. And Sheridan and Luis
-- they've lost so much.

Miguel: It's going to be all right, Charity. We will be off this island
soon.
Reese: We'll build another fire on the beach.
Jessica: And we'll just signal another boat.
Miguel: They pass by all the time.

Simone: You are so selfish, Kay. It is incredible.
Kay: Simone, you would've done the exact same thing to get Chad.
Simone: Poured water all over the bonfire wood so it wouldn't light?
Are you crazy?
Kay: No. I'm in love.
Simone: If you had given the rest of us even a moment's thought, we
would've been able to light that fire, someone would've seen it, and we
would be halfway home right about now.
Kay: Simone, now who's being selfish?
Simone: What?
Kay: All I'm doing is what i have to do to get a chance with Miguel.
That's it.
Simone: You probably think that story te picked up on the internet is
going to come true, that Charity's going to die and you're going to end up
with Miguel.
Kay: Yeah, but it's not --
Simone: You ought to be ashamed of yourself, Kay. I'm ashamed for you.
Kay: Simone, am I doing anything to Charity? No. So if something
happens to her, it's not my fault.
Simone: Of course it is.
Kay: How do you figure?
Simone: If you hadn't interfered with that fire, we would be on our way
home by now. If anything happens to Charity, if she dies, it is going to
be on your head. No one else's.

Charity: We're doomed, Miguel. We're all doomed.

Norma: Charity's dead on -- and I mean dead.

Julian: We have to get to that wedding chapel and stop Theresa from
going in. If that justice of the peace sees her, he'll recognize her from
our wedding last night, expose her, and then Ethan will know she lied to
him again.
Whitney: Theresa has to be the one to tell Ethan that she married you
first.

Ethan: Well, anyway, she should be here any minute, and then you'll see
how beautiful she really is.
Henry: Just by the way you smile when you talk about your fiancée, I
can tell you're truly in love.
Ethan: It's the real thing, and it's forever.
Henry: Oh, not like that couple I married last night. I doubt they'll
last a week.
Ethan: It's too bad.
Henry: It was all so odd. They turn up in the middle of the night -- a
pretty young woman and a considerably older man. Oh, "letch" is a very
unattractive word, but I'm afraid it fit him. And the two of them had
obviously been drinking.
Ethan: Well, some couples just don't take wedding ceremonies that
seriously. But I assure you, my fiancée and I do. I mean, to us, it's
sacred.
Henry: Oh, it'll be such a pleasure to hear a respectable, level-headed
young girl say, "i do." The one from last night was anything but.
Ethan: Well, once you meet my future bride, you'll never forget her.
Chad: She's a keeper.

Theresa: Whitney's right. I have to be honest with Ethan. Go in there
		now and tell him everything. I have to be totally honest.

Julian: Theresa should be here. Oh, no.
Whitney: What?
Julian: Could she have gone in already? I have to stop her. Oh, dear
God.

Captain: Didn't I just get through saying we need to get back to the
harbor?
Ron: Over there -- I think I saw him.
Captain: I see him.
Ron: We've got to get him out of the water.
Captain: Keep the light on him. I'll bring the boat 'round.

Luis: You happy?
Sheridan: Yes! I've never been ha I'm with the man I love, far away
from everything and everyone. I hope this day never ends.
Luis: Good, because I hope it lasts forever, too.
Sheridan: Oh, I love it out here. Don't you?
Luis: It is perfect.
Sheridan: Ah.
Luis: Hmm.
Sheridan: We should buy a boat. Wouldn't that be wonderful?
Luis: Hey, I always wanted to get a second-hand boat.
Sheridan: Yeah?
Luis: We could teach the kids to sail. Sail up and down the Harmony
coast.
Sheridan: We're going to have a wonderful life together.
Luis: Yeah.
Sheridan: Luis!
Luis: Sheridan? Sheridan --
Sheridan: Luis! Luis!
Luis: Sheridan?

Miguel: You're so cold. Hey, could someone put some more wood on the
fire?
Jessica: I will. I will.
Miguel: Thanks.
Jessica: Hey, Norma, could you help me get some more wood?
Norma: Me? Sure, honey.
Jessica: Thank you.
Norma: Don't even think about going anywhere. I'll be back in a flash.

Tabitha: Ah!
Timmy: Timmy thinks Timmy and tabby should get out of here while the
getting's good.
Tabitha: And go where? We're trapped on this island, Timmy. Woods are
swarming with warlocks, and now we have the pleasure of Norma's company
here at the campsite.
Timmy: Timmy thinks this is like being between a rock and a hard place.

Tabitha: Hmm. Well, I'll take both of those over this. Well, at least
Norma can't chop us into pieces while the kids are around. She won't want
any eyewitnesses.
Timmy: Timmy hopes tabby's right. Otherwise, if Charity is, Timmy and
tabby are doomed.

Miguel: You'll see. We'll be back in Harmony before you know it.
Charity? Charity? Oh, my -- Charity -- Charity!
Reese: What's the matter?
Jessica: Is she ok?
Miguel: Charity? I think she's dead. Charity? Charity? Charity?
Charity.
Reese: It's as I thought. Charity's not dead. She's just in one of her
trances.
Miguel: Are you sure, Reese?
Reese: I'm positive. Her low heart and breathing rate are consistent
with everything I've learned on the internet about trances. She's probably
on overload from one of her premonitions and her mind is protecting her by
going into a trance.
Jessica: Makes sense.
Reese: Of course it does. I just said it.

Kay: Simone -- I think this trance may be it.
Simone: Is what?
Kay: The thing that's going to kill Charity.
Simone: You're actually wishing Charity dead.
Kay: No, all I'm wishing is that I get Miguel, and there is nothing
wrong with that.

Miguel: I wish there was a doctor here to check her out. Hey, I don't
suppose you've had any medical experience, Norma?
Norma: Not a lick. Whoo. Up till recently, I ran a small motel. And
before that, I was a butcher.

Ethan: Julian, what's going on? Why'd you burst in here like that?
Julian: Oh. Well, I'd lost track of time. I was afraid I might have
missed the ceremony.
Ethan: Oh, Theresa's not here yet. You haven't missed anything.
Julian: Oh. What about the justice of the peace?
Ethan: He's in his office making some calls.
Julian: Oh.
Chad: I'll go get him when Theresa gets here.
Julian: Good. Then we have time.
Ethan: For what?
Julian: To talk.
Ethan: Oh. All right. I just wish I knew what was keeping Theresa.
Chad: You know girls, man. They're always doing the last-minute hair
and makeup fix.
Ethan: Yeah, yeah, you're probably right. Just like you said, Julian --
you know, a woman wants her wedding day to be perfect.
Julian: Perfect, yes.
Ethan: You only get married once. You want it to be a day you never
forget.
Julian: Definitely be a day Theresa will never forget.

Theresa: Oh.
Whitney: Theresa? What is wrong with you? Are you all right?
Theresa: I'm not sure. I was going into the chapel to talk to Ethan,
and I just got woozy. I don't know if it's a hangover from champagne or
nerves or what.
Whitney: All right, all right, can you sit up a little bit?
Theresa: Yes. Oh. Oh, no. Let me just stay like this for a few minutes,
ok?
Whitney: All right. Why don't I just get you some water or something,
all right?
Theresa: No, I'm all right. What was going on with Julian? Why did he
go flying into the chapel?
Whitney: Well, he realized that there's only one justice of the peace.
And as soon as he sees you, he's going to recognize you.
Theresa: One justice?
Whitney: You won't have a chance to tell Ethan the truth because as
soon as the justice sees you, he is going to blow the whole thing.
Theresa: Oh, my gosh. What am I going to do? I mean, if I can't be
honest with Ethan, my life is over.

Ron: It's going to be ok.
Captain: Don't be too sure. This storm's about to get real nasty. The
wind's getting stronger. The sea's getting rougher.
Luis: Sheridan --
Captain: Luis, remember me?
Luis: You -- you have a boat. You're going to help me rescue Sheridan.
Captain: We're going to get you back to the dock. We're going to get
you a doctor, ok? You have to rest.
Luis: No. No. We have to rescue Sheridan. Radio for a search party.
Captain: I told you -- it's broken. We're going to get you back to the
dock. We can call a search party from there.
Luis: No. We have to rescue Sheridan now. I'll go get her myself.
Ron: You're not going anywhere in your condition.
Luis: Sheridan. Sheridan, where are you?

Timmy: Trance? What could that mean, tabby?
Tabitha: Never know with Charity. She's always flipping out over one
thing or another. But I think that this could have been induced by the
warlocks.
Timmy: But why would the warlocks want Charity in a trance?
Tabitha: I haven't a clue, lad, but you can rest assured it wouldn't be
good. No, not good at all.

Miguel: Simone, you were a candy striper. You, too, Kay. Can't you take
a look at Charity?
Simone: I only know the basics.
Kay: You know more than I do, Simone.
Simone: It's low but steady. Reese is right. I mean, she is in a
trance, but she's really cold, and that's not good, Miguel.
Miguel: Ok. We're going to need some more wood. Keep the fire going
strong.
Norma: Well, I got a pretty new ax I'm still breaking in, but I'm going
to need some help carrying what I chop down. Ah -- Tabitha can help me.
Bring your doll, honey.
Tabitha: Who, me? Oh, no, I wouldn't be any help at all. I'm far too
old. I'd only be able to carry a few sticks.
Reese: She'd carry a lot more if she'd put that stupid doll down.
Jessica: I'll help. I'll carry the wood.
Tabitha: Oh, thank you. Thank you, Jessica, dear.
Jessica: You're welcome. Let's go.
Norma: Better watch your back, tabby baby. Not to mention your arms and
legs. You might not be coming back from this little trip in one piece.
[Norma chuckles]
Tabitha: Oh.

Luis: Sheridan. Sheridan.
Captain: Luis --
Luis: Sheridan.
Captain: Come on. The explosion was huge. It blew your boat completely
apart.
Luis: No. Sheridan --
Captain: It's incredible you survived. It's lucky we found you. You'd
have drowned.
Ron: There's a big storm blowing in.
Captain: Look, we've searched everywhere. We've scan with a
searchlight. You've called out till you're hoarse. If anybody else
survived the blast, we'd have found them by now.
Luis: No, you're wrong.
Captain: Am I? It's time you faced facts. You go back into that water
one more time, it's over for you, too. You're chasing a ghost, son. You
got to accept it -- Sheridan is gone.

Whitney: Theresa, stick to the original plan. You have to tell Ethan
everything that happened.
Theresa: What if the justice of the peace already did?
Whitney: If he had, trust me, we would know. Don't forget -- Ethan is
going to be all over Julian. We would have heard the yelling.
Theresa: And there would be a terrible fight.
Whitney: Look, you have to tell Ethan first. If you don't tell him,
he's going to find out eventually and you're going to risk losing him
forever.

Ethan: You know, Julian, before you came, the justice was telling us
about this strange ceremony he performed last night.
Julian: Was he really?
Ethan: Yeah, he said that this couple called him in the middle of the
night demanding that he marry them. Forced the justice to wake up and
perform the ceremony. Bruce: Whoa.
Julian: Oh. Well, that's some story.
Ethan: Well, actually, there's more. He said it was an older man and a
much younger woman.
Julian: Well, it's hardly unheard of. And as long as they loved each
other, who cares?
Ethan: See, the justice didn't get the impression they did. He actually
said the older man was a letch.
Julian: I'm sure they got married for all the right reasons under the
best of circumstances.
Ethan: And they were drinking.
Chad: Yeah, the old guy was holding a bottle of champagne through the
whole ceremony.
Julian: Really? I'm sure he had good reason.
Ethan: You know, Julian, I -- why are you defending this guy?
Julian: Well, no reason. I just hate hearing people disparaged when
they're not around to defend themselves.
Ethan: Since when? You know, wait a minute. I think I know why you're
defending this guy. Yeah, you already knew about the wedding, didn't you?
Julian: I have no idea what you're talking about.
Ethan: I think you do. I think you know exactly what I'm talking about.

Kay: Charity's fine. Why is he still so worried about her?
Simone: He loves her, Kay. Really loves her.
Kay: I have to find a way to get him away from Charity so he can spend
some time with me and get him to realize that I'm the only girl that's
going to make him happy.
Simone: Kay --
Kay: I wouldn't be spending all my time having stupid premonitions and
being all needy.
Simone: You're about the neediest person I've ever known.
Kay: I'd focus all my energy on Miguel's needs, making sure he had
everything he ever wanted in life.
Simone: You are really certifiable. Whatever happened to you being
good, not getting a black mark on your soul?
Kay: How am I not being good?
Simone: Do you want me to go down the list?
Kay: Simone, all I'm doing is making sure that I have a chance with the
love of my life.
Simone: You are trying to split up two people who are crazy about each
other.
Kay: Wait. I've got it. That's it.
Simone: What's it?
Kay: I know how I can get Miguel away from Charity. And if this works,
maybe she won't even have to die for us to be together.

Tabitha: Oh.
Jessica: Did you say something, Tabitha?
Tabitha: Oh, no. I was just thinking that my lumberjacking days are
well behind me.
Jessica: Yeah, well, maybe we could take a few minutes and maybe just
talk.
Tabitha: About what, dear?
Jessica: Charity.
Tabitha: Yes?
Jessica: It's just that her premonitions are starting to bother me.
Tabitha: Yes, well, I must say none of them seem too terribly jolly.
Jessica: You know what? And they all seem so real to her. I just -- I'm
starting to think that Charity might actually be able to see in the
future. [Tabitha gasps]
Tabitha: Oh.
Jessica: Oh. You really are hurting, huh?
Tabitha: No, dear. No. I'm all right. What were you saying about
Charity?
Jessica: Do you think she can see into the future?
Tabitha: Well, wouldn't surprise me. No, wouldn't surprise me at all.

Norma: I need your help, father. I don't seem to be able to get Timmy
and Tabitha alone. What can I do? I can't kill them with witnesses around.
So I have to split them apart from everybody else. But how? [As father]
the key to killing them is Timmy. Separate Timmy from Tabitha and use the
little jerk to lure Tabitha to her death. [Normal voice] oh. Oh. Thank
you, father. Oh, I knew I could count on you. [As father] you're welcome,
buttercup. Now make your father proud and kill them. Kill them both!

Ron: You sure you should have done that, cap?
Captain: Had to do something to stop him.
Ron: Yeah, I guess you're right. At least we can try to save Luis.
Captain: Keep a close eye on him. If he goes over the side one more
time, he's a dead man.
Luis: Sheridan.
Luis: Not going to let it end this way. Sheridan isn't dead. I know she
isn't. Sheridan!
Ron: Luis! Luis!

Julian: Wh--
Ethan: That's what your friend Bruce came by to talk to you about
earlier. You were probably applauding your friend marrying a much a man.
you know, I can't believe I ever really thought I was a Crane.
Chad: I know what you mean.
Ethan: We have nothing in common, Julian.
Julian: We have more in common than you'll ever know. Ethan, why don't
I go see if I can't round up Theresa?
Ethan: No, Julian, I'll do it.
Julian: I don't think that's a good idea.
Ethan: Why not?
Julian: Well, because -- isn't it obvious? If you go looking for her,
she'll feel pressured. And you must be gentle with your new bride, Ethan.
Remember that.
Ethan: Well, just be sure and tell her that she has an impatient groom
waiting.
Julian: I will. [Julian laughs]
Julian: Ahem. You have to be particularly gentle when it's her second
marriage in less than 12 hours. Where have you been?
Theresa: Right here. I mean, you ran so fast, you ran right by me.
Julian: It was a good thing I was fast. Hopefully I've headed off
disaster. What we have to do now is come up with an excuse for Ethan.
Whitney: An excuse, Julian?
Julian: Yes. Your marrying Ethan on this island is totally out of the
question. You can't do a thing until i come up with an annulment.
Theresa: What? Before you said that I had to marry Ethan or he would
think that something was wrong --
Julian: Forget what I said. Come. Let's go.
Whitney: Theresa, wait a second. You're going to listen to Julian
crane? Listen to me. The only way to save your relationship is to be
honest with Ethan.
Julian: Oh, that's right. Be honest with him. Tell him the truth. I've
always heard the best way to save a relationship with a fiancé is to tell
him that you're married to the man he always considered to be his father.
Theresa: Maybe he's right.
Whitney: No, no, he couldn't be more wrong.
Theresa: But if I tell Ethan everything, he may never want to see me
again, Whitney. And it's not like Julian and I only got married. I mean,
we actually had sex. Isn't that disgusting?
Whitney: Yes, but --
Julian: I wouldn't necessarily call it disgusting.
Theresa: I wish I could forget everything that happened last night.
Julian: I wish I could remember more of it.
Whitney: Oh --
Theresa: Look, Whitney, I know that you're right. But I'm afraid that I
can't bring Myself to tell Ethan.
Ethan: Tell me what, Theresa?

Ron: There.
Captain: How is he staying afloat?
Ron: He's determined to find his fiancée.
Captain: We've got to get him out of there before he goes under for the
last time. Frank, bring the boat 'round!
Luis: I need to find her.
Ron: Whoa. You're not going anywhere, mate.
Captain: You've got to rest!
Ron: He's ok.
Captain: Cover him up. Frank! Get us out of here!
Ron: Him and Sheridan must have had something real special going on.
Captain: I only hope she knew how much he loved her while she was
alive.
Luis: Sheridan. Sheridan.

Ethan: What is it you can't bring yourself to tell me, Theresa?
Theresa: I -- well --
Julian: She's too nervous to say.
Ethan: Say what?
Julian: She'd rather you postponed the wedding and waited until you got
back to Harmony.
Ethan: Is that true? You really want to wait until we get back to
Harmony?
Theresa: No. No, I don't want to wait.
Ethan: Then, let's do it. Let's get married right here, right now.
Julian: Where's the --
Ethan: You say something, Julian?
Julian: Oh, me? Oh, no. No, nothing, nothing.
Theresa: Ethan -- before we do this, there's something that we need to
talk about. There's something that I have to tell you.
Ethan: Ok, I'm listening.
Theresa: I -- I've changed my mind. We can't get married. Not here. Not
now.
Ethan: But why? Hey, look, is this because you're nervous? Prewedding
jitters -- everyone gets them all the time. But once we're married,
they'll be gone. And then we can go back to Harmony and have a church
wedding.
Julian: But wouldn't two weddings be redundant?
Ethan: People do it all the time.
Julian: I know, but a proper ceremony in the old Harmony church --
Ethan: Theresa --
Theresa: Hmm?
Ethan: I think we should become husband and wife right here.
Theresa: Husband and wife. I want that more than anything in the world.
Just not now.
Ethan: I don't understand. Why can't we get married here? What is it
you're not telling me?

Norma: Tabitha -- [Tabitha gasps]
Norma: We could get the wood a whole lot faster if you'd put down your
doll and give Jessica and me a hand.
Tabitha: I can't. My doll is such a comfort.
Jessica: Tabitha, I really have to agree with her. I mean, it's just
that we have to get this wood back to camp as fast as we can. Please?
Tabitha: Oh, very well. Anything for Charity. I won't be far away, lad.

Timmy: Don't worry. Timmy can help get wood for Charity.
Tabitha: What?
Timmy: He won't let anybody see him.
Tabitha: All right. But don't wander off, now. Stay close.
Norma: You were so right, father.

Simone: When will the next boat pass by the island, Reese?
Reese: That's what I'm trying to calculate right now.
Kay: Hey. I think you and I should go gather some firewood around the
clearing. It's getting kind of low.
Miguel: I'm staying with Charity.
Kay: Well, yeah, but you also want her to be warm, don't you? So let's
go get some wood. Come on.
Miguel: No, Kay.
Kay: Miguel, she's going to be fine. I mean, Simone and Reese are right
over there.
Miguel: I'm going to stay here.
Kay: Ok.
Reese: Come on!
Simone: What's wrong?
Reese: Problems with the uplink. Maybe if we tried another area, I
might be able to get a better signal. Over there.
Kay: That's right, Reese. You and Simone go away and stay away while I
try and get Miguel to leave Charity's side. What are you saying, Kay?
Think positive. You're not going to try. You're going to get this man. Ok.
Let's go. [Kay cries]
Miguel: Kay? Kay, is that you?
Kay: Yes.
Miguel: Where are you?
Kay: Over here. [Kay sobs]
Miguel: What's wrong?
Kay: Miguel, I'm so scared. What if we never make it off this island?
Miguel: Of course we are. And soon. You'll see.
Voice: Charity!
Second voice: Charity!
Third voice: Charity!
Warlock: Hello, Charity. We have so much to tell you.
Second Warlock: But you must listen very carefully.
Third Warlock: And do exactly what we tell you to do.

Captain: How's he doing?
Ron: I don't know. Not so good.
Captain: It's amazing -- his total commitment to finding this woman.
Too bad. No matter how heroic this search of his was, it can't change one
thing -- Sheridan's dead. She's never coming back.
Luis: Sheridan.

Ethan: I don't understand what the problem is.
Theresa: I just -- I just want to go someplace where we can talk alone.

Ethan: We'll have plenty of time to talk after the ceremony.
Theresa: Ethan, I don't feel right.
Ethan: Theresa, I have just one request of you right now.
Theresa: What?
Ethan: Just take all your fears, your jitters, your doubts, and just
put them away. This is what I want, and I know this is what you want, too.

Theresa: I really do. I do.
Ethan: Then let's get on with it. Look, we'll go back home and do the
church wedding there. But I just want to make this official, you know,
legal. We've waited long enough.
Whitney: Ethan, I think Theresa's right. Maybe you guys should just
wait.
Julian: Oh, wait. There is no maybe. You can't do it now. It's not
right. See, it's too hasty.
Henry: All right. Do we have the happy couple? Oh, good lord!
Ethan: What is it?
Henry: You two.

Jessica: Do you think this is enough wood?
Tabitha: More than enough.
Jessica: Good. Let's go back to camp.
Tabitha: Oh, splendid idea. We're turning back, Timmy. Oh, happy day.
Timmy? Timmy?
Jessica: They're both gone -- your doll and Norma.
Tabitha: Norma. Oh, no. Timmy? Timmy, where are you?
Timmy: Tabby? Must've been Timmy's imagination.
Norma: Oh. Oh. I'm going to make you so proud, father. First I'll chop
up the doll. Then I'll gut the witch. They're as good as dead, father.
Good as dead.

Miguel: I promise you, Kay, we are getting off this island. You're just
worried about Charity.
Kay: Oh, Miguel --
Miguel: What is it? You're not thinking about that story Reese found on
the internet, are you? It is just an old legend. There's no truth to it.
Kay: But, Miguel, what if there is?
Miguel: No, there isn't. All right? Charity is not going to die. We'll
all be found soon, and Charity's going to be just fine.
Warlock: Come to us, Charity!
Warlocks: Charity!
Warlock: We have so much to tell you.
Second Warlock: So many secrets to tell.
Third Warlock: We can help you. We can help you save Theresa.
First Warlock: And Sheridan.
Second Warlock: And Luis.
Third Warlock: Come to us, Charity.
First Warlock: Charity --
Second Warlock: Come to us, Charity.
First Warlock: Come to us.
Warlocks: Come to us, Charity. Charity, come to us.
Warlock: Yes.
Warlocks: Yes.
Warlock: Join us.
Warlocks: Join us in the fire!
Warlock: Come to us.
&nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Friday 8/24/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="none">




 &nbsp;
Passions Update Friday 8/24/01

		Proofread by  Elissia
	  Hank: I'm sucking wind, big brother. I got to pack it in.
Sam: Already?
Hank: Sam, we've been going at it nonstop for hours. The construction
crew's gone home.
Sam: You can pack it in if you want. I'm staying out here.
Hank: Come on, sam. You need a rest.
Sam: I can't stop. I want our house rebuilt. I want my home back --
Grace's, mine, and the kids'. I want my life -- I want my life back to
Normal again.
Hank: I know what you're going through, bro, but it's not the house.
Sam: What?
Hank: Even if you all move back in, it's not going to be the same.
You're still going to have to deal with this David thing.
Sam: Grace was never married to that man. I don't care what he says or
what documents he's got. David Hastings is a liar and a con. He's taking
advantage of Grace's amnesia.
Hank: I don't know.
Sam: Well, I do, and I'm going to do everything I can to prove it.
There's no way I'm going to let that man destroy my family.
David: No, it isn't a question of not wanting to work for you. As far
as I'm concerned, you're the best magazine on the planet. I'm just not
taking assignments right now. I have no idea when. All I know is, is that
I'm going to be staying here a little while longer. I don't care about my
career. This -- this is more important. Truth is it's the most important
thing in my life.

Grace: Sam's still out there working on rebuilding our house.
Eve: He's trying to make things the way they were before.
Grace: This situation with David is really tough on him.
Eve: On you, too. I'm worried about both of you, Grace.
Grace: I just wish there was something I can do. I can't remember
anything about my past. I can't remember if I was married to David.
Eve: Well, he seems pretty adamant that you were.
Grace: Sam's even more adamant that I wasn't. But David keeps coming up
with proof.
Eve: It's pretty compelling evidence.
Grace: You know, he was all set to go for my sake, said he didn't want
to see me go through this anymore. But I asked him to stay. I told him he
couldn't leave.
Eve: Why?
Grace: I have to know if this man is my husband. I can't spend the rest
of my life wondering. I have to put this mystery of my past to rest.

Ron: We'll be on the dock soon, Luis.
Ron: He's still out cold, cap.
Captain: It's a miracle he's still alive -- how he survived the blast,
the boat blowing up.
Ron: He still thinks his Sheridan survived, too.
Captain: No way she could be. He was like a superman out there trying
to find her.
Ron: Normal man would've drowned. He kept diving in. The power of love,
eh, cap? You ever seen a man so all fired up and determined?
Captain: Never. But he can't change one thing -- Sheridan's gone. Dead.



Ethan: Just take all your jitters, your doubts, your fears, and put
them aside. I want to get married, and I know that's what you want, too.
Theresa: I do, Ethan. I really do.
Ethan: Well, then, let's get it done. Look, when we get back to
Harmony, we'll have a church wedding. I just want to make this official,
you know, legal. We've waited long enough.
Whitney: Maybe Theresa is right, Ethan. Maybe you guys should just
wait.
Julian: There is no "maybe." You can't do it now. It's not right. It's
too hasty.
Whitney: Yeah.
Henry: All right. Do we have the happy couple? Good lord!
Ethan: What? What is it?
Henry: You two.
Henry: "Julian, do you take Theresa to be your lawfully wedded wife,
and before these witnesses do you avow to honor and love and care for her
for as long as you both shall live?"
Theresa: Yes.
Henry: "And do you take her with all of her faults and strengths, as
you offer yourself to her with all your faults and strengths, and will
help her when she needs help and allow her to help you when you need help?
Do you choose her as the woman with whom you wish to spend the rest of
your life?"
Theresa: Ooh!
Bruce: Ha-ha! Yeah! Oh, baby!
Henry: I know you two from last night.

Tabitha: Timmy?
Jessica: They're both gone -- the doll and Norma.
Tabitha: Oh, Norma. No. No. Timmy, where are you?
Jessica: I'm sure they're fine. She probably just took him back to
camp. You know, Norma probably has him.
Tabitha: Norma. Yes, that's what I'm afraid of. Timmy?
Norma: I've got him now, father. Timmy's all mine. He won't escape me
this time. In a few minutes, he'll be nothing but a bunch of pieces
scattered through the woods. And then -- oh -- and then I'll do the same
thing to Tabitha! Oh!
[Kay sobs]
Miguel: Look, I'm telling you, Kay -- all right, that story Reese found
on the internet -- it's just an old wives' tale. A legend, you know?
Kay: But he said that --
Miguel: I don't care what Reese said. Charity is not going to die. None
of us are.
Kay: Miguel, I'm just -- I'm so afraid.
Miguel: Kay, you are a wonderful friend, and I know that you are just
as worried about Charity as I am. But nothing bad is going to happen to
her. She's going to be just fine.
Kay: I hope so.

Warlock: Charity, come close. Close.
Second Warlock: We have so much to tell you.
Third Warlock: So many secrets.
First Warlock: We can help you save Theresa.
Second Warlock: And Sheridan.
Third Warlock: And Luis. We'll save them from the danger you saw them
in.
First Warlock: The pain. Let us help you, Charity.
Second Warlock: That's right. Good girl.
Third Warlock: Yes, join us. Join us in the fire.
First Warlock: Yes.
Second Warlock: Join us.
First Warlock: Just a little closer. Another step and you'll be with
us.
Warlocks: Come, Charity. Come, Charity.
First Warlock: We will help you.
Warlocks: Come, Charity.
First Warlock: Another step and you'll be with us.
Warlocks: Come, Charity.

Ethan: What do you mean, you know these two from last night?
Julian: Uh -- the justice was over at the hotel last night, and he
stopped by my table when Theresa was there to persuade me to take you back
into the Crane family. So he's --
Ethan: Wait. I thought you said you didn't know Theresa was here.
Julian: Did I? Oh. No. No, no, I think you're mistaken. I meant I
didn't know Theresa was here at first. Well, we're old chums. So, you see,
the justice saw us at the hotel, that's all.
Ethan: Then I guess introductions aren't necessary.
Julian: No. We're old friends. But before we begin the ceremony,
justice, there are a couple things I'd like to go over with you, make sure
everything is -- is in order. Ahem.

Whitney: Is that him, Theresa? Is that the justice who married you and
Julian last night?
Theresa: Yes, yes, that's the one. But I was so drunk last night, I
thought that I was marrying Ethan. Oh, this is such a mess.

Julian: You would be wise to keep your mouth shut and do exactly as I
say.
Henry: But I --
Julian: Nothing happened here last night. There was no wedding. Do you
understand me?
Henry: No, I --
Julian: Do you have any idea who I am?
Henry: Well, yes --
Julian: I am Julian Crane. My family owns this entire resort. I can
have this chapel put out of business just like that. So you damn well
better do as I order.
Henry: Well, what do you think --
Julian: No one can ever know that you performed a wedding ceremony last
night. As far as you're concerned, Theresa and I never married. It never
happened.
Henry: But --
Julian: No "buts." You're to marry Ethan and Theresa right now.
Henry: You don't understand --
Julian: No, you're the one who doesn't understand. I am a Crane. People
do as I tell them. If you don't want to find yourself out on the street --

Henry: There's the legality.
Julian: I say what's legal and what's not legal.
Henry: But bigamy?
Julian: I don't give a damn about that. I will take care of that. You
just perform this ceremony without another word about last night. Do I
make myself clear?
Henry: Oh, yes. It's all perfectly clear, Mr.. Crane.
Julian: Excellent.

Tabitha: Timmy!
Timmy: What was that? Sounded like Timmy's princess calling him. Tabby?

Tabitha: Is that you, Timmy?
Timmy: Over here, Tabby.
Tabitha: Oh. Oh, Timmy. Oh, Timmy, I was so worried about you. Oh, I
thought Norma had got a hold of you.
Timmy: Timmy thought Timmy and Tabby were safe as long as Jessica was
around.
Tabitha: Yes, well, Jessica's back at the camp, which is where we ought
to be. Last place we should be is wandering around in these woods with mad
Norma on the loose, ready to chop our blinking heads off. Come on, come
on.

Norma: Oh! Oh! Damn those two!
Norma: Oh. But when I finally do get them, it'll be so sweet to watch
them suffer the slow and agonizing death I've got planned for them.

Warlock: Come, Charity. Come to us.
Second Warlock: We will help your friends.
Third Warlock: Come, Charity, come.
Warlocks: Come. Charity, come.
Warlock: Come to us.
Simone: Charity, no!
Miguel: Something's wrong. Charity!
Kay: Something's wrong. Yes.
Reese: Charity?
Simone: Charity, what are you doing? What are you doing?
Miguel: What's going on?
Simone: Charity was just about to walk into the fire.
Miguel: What? Charity, are you all right?
Reese: Looks like she's in some kind of a trance.
Miguel: Charity.
Charity: Miguel.
Miguel: I'm right here.
Simone: We're all here, Charity.
Miguel: Why were you so close to the fire?
Charity: Miguel, they want me to join them. They're calling me. They're
going to tell me things, help me and tell me secrets.
Miguel: Who? What do you mean? Who was calling you?
Charity: Don't you see them? They're still there. They're right there
over the fire. There. Come on, don't you see them? Don't you hear them?

Julian: So, Ethan, you all ready to tie the knot?
Ethan: Yes. And before we begin, I just want you to know that I'm --
I'm glad that you're here. Although you're not my father anymore, I'm -- I
just think it's good that you're part of an important part of my life.
Julian: Yes, I certainly am part of it.

Whitney: Theresa, you have to tell Ethan the truth. That's all you have
to do.
Theresa: What? Ok. Say, "I'm sorry, but i accidentally married your
ex-father and had sex with him last night." I mean, how is Ethan going to
get past that? How am I going to be able to explain myself to him?
Whitney, I don't understand how it happened.
Whitney: I know that it's not going to be easy to tell him these
things.
Theresa: He's never going to want to be with me again, Whitney. Look, I
know it's terrible not to tell him, but if I do, I will lose him.
Whitney: But, honey, Ethan loves you. And look how many times he's
forgiven you in the past.
Theresa: But doesn't there come a time when there's no forgiveness
left?
Whitney: Theresa, when two people love each other, they just work
things out.
Theresa: I'm not sure anyone can work through this.
Whitney: Well, you're going to have to try, Theresa. If you are not
going to tell Ethan and you're going to go through with marrying him, then
you will be committing bigamy, and that is a crime. This whole thing is
going to get more and more out of control and it's going to just go crazy.

Theresa: No, no. Julian said that he was going to take care of this.
He's going to use his Crane family power to -- to erase our marriage and
make it like it never happened.
Whitney: Theresa, you're fooling yourself. And deep down I really think
that you know it.
Ethan: Ok. I've been away from my bride long enough. My beautiful
bride.
Whitney: You know what? I am almost done with her hair and we're going
to do a little makeup.
Ethan: No, no, no, no. She is perfect just the way she is. The justice
of the peace is ready to begin the ceremony. He wants to get us married
before the winds pick up. It looks like we're in for a big storm.
Theresa: Oh, well, maybe we should wait, then, Ethan.
Ethan: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We have waited long enough.
Now, let's go and get ourselves married.
Theresa: Ok.
Ethan: Theresa -- I love you so much. I can't wait for us to be husband
and wife.

Ron: How much longer before we put back in, cap?
Captain: Hard to tell with this wind.
Ron: I don't know how much longer Luis can last. He's lost a lot of
blood and his body took a real beating. The man needs a doctor.
Captain: Right now I'm just hoping we can beat this storm.
Ron: As soon as he hears his Sheridan didn't make it, he might figure
he's got nothing left to live for.
Luis: Sheridan. Sheridan. Sheridan.

Sam: If you or anyone else thinks I'm going to give up trying to prove
that Hastings is a liar --
Hank: I didn't say "give up." I just think that you're going to have to
start facing the possibility that he was married to Grace.
Sam: Look, he can wave around all the marriage certificates he wants
because I know they're bogus. So I'm going to keep digging until I can get
the proof that he's a fraud. It's out there. I know it is.
Hank: Well, I hope you find it, bro. I hate to have to see you go
through this.
Sam: I called St. Anastasia's in Hartford where Hastings claims that he
and Grace were married.
Hank: Do they have any records?
Sam: Well, they searched the file, and they came up with a church
record of the marriage.
Hank: Well, so it's in their books?
Sam: Not if it's a fake planted by David.
Hank: The same way you think that he forged the marriage certificate in
Hartford city hall?
Sam: What, and you don't think he's capable of that?
Hank: I don't know. I --
Hank: What about a witness? If they really were married, the priest who
performed the ceremony.
Sam: I asked. A father Mike was in cha at St. Anastasia's back then.
Hank: Is he still around? Can you get in touch with him?
Sam: Well, I was going to go down and meet with him, but he's on
vacation. I left word for him to call me ASAP.
Hank: What are you going to do, just show him pictures of Grace and
David?
Sam: Oh, no. I'm going to take them to Hartford. I want the priest to
see them in person. And if he doesn't recognize them -- which I'm 100%
sure that he won't -- then we'll know. We'll finally have the proof that
this is all a lie. Grace was never married to David. Never.

Eve: Grace, I can understand the need to find out if David is your
husband, to remember your past. But still --
Grace: But you think i should've let him go.
Eve: The past is just that -- it's the past. The present is Sam and
your family.
Grace: I know.
Eve: You have such a strong marriage.
Grace: Eve, I love Sam and my children more than anything. But if what
David says is true, if I was married to him, then I must've loved him. He
waited 20 years, and he didn't remarry. He waited for me to come back.
Eve: Or so he says.
Grace: Ok. If David is lying, then why did he drop everything the
minute he saw my picture in that magazine? He got on a plane that very
day. He came here to Harmony to find me. For him to have done that, we
must have shared a very strong love.

Norma: Oh, don't worry, father. I'll get them. I won't let you down.
What was -- a plan? Oh. Oh. That's a good one. Real good.

Charity: I saw them in the fire, Miguel.
Miguel: It's ok.
Charity: No. They were telling me they could help me. They were calling
me. They wanted to tell me secrets.
Miguel: Who?
Charity: They weren't people. They -- they --
Kay: They were talking to you but they weren't people?
Charity: Well, it's hard to say what they were. I --
Miguel: You don't have to, all right? All you have to do is take it
easy.
Tabitha: What's happened here?
Simone: Charity saw strange things in the fire.
Tabitha: What strange things?
Simone: I'm not sure, but they were calling out to her, trying to get
her to go into the fire.
Tabitha: The warlocks.
Reese: What do you mean, "warlocks"?
Tabitha: Nothing, Ross. I'm just concerned for poor, dear Charity.
Charity: I wish I could see them again. I want to -- I want to go to
them. I want to hear what they have to say.
Miguel: No, Charity. No. All right? You need to be with me right now.
Kay: He should let her go. Maybe the people from her planet will just
beam her up and we can get back to Normal.
Simone: Knock it off, Kay.
Jessica: This is really starting to freak me out.
Miguel: Jessica --
Jessica: No, like, really. First Charity starts having premonitions
about -- about Theresa and Luis and Sheridan all in danger. And then --
then our boat that's supposed to take us back to the mainland catches fire
with Tabitha in it. You know, and you're seeing things and hearing things
in the fire.
Kay: See? Even Jessica knows it's Charity's fault.
Jessica: After everything that we went through with the fires of hell,
I'm just scared it's happening all over again.
Reese: You mean the evil?
Jessica: What if evil is coming back? What if it's coming back again?
Tabitha: She has no idea how close to the truth she is.

Grace: What David says could be true. He knew about a scar on my foot.
He knows what juice I like, how I drink my tea. He knows things about my
family. He knows that I see and speak to a little angel girl.
Eve: Grace, isn't it possible that David is just guessing? Maybe he
just found this information on the internet, just like Sam said.
Grace: Oh, come on, eve. The angel? David says that we were married in
a roman catholic church. If that's true, you know what that means? That
means that in the eyes of God I am married to David and that all my years
with Sam --
Eve: Oh, Grace, don't think that. You can't.
Grace: I don't have another choice. David has come to Harmony. He says
that he married me. He says that I am is wife. I can't go on with my life
without knowing whether or not David is telling the truth.

Sam: You know, I'm not just thinking about myself here. It's Grace that
I'm worried about. I'm worried about what David is putting her through,
the effect it's having on her.
Hank: Hey -- hey, hey. It's rough on both of you, ok?
Sam: I need answers. Proof.
[Phone rings]
Sam: Sam Bennett. Priest: Mr. Bennett, this is father Mike.
Sam: The priest from St. Anastasia's in Hartford?
Father Mike: Yes.
Sam: Well, they told me you were on vacation.
Father Mike: I am. But I called in for my messages. Yours sounded
urgent.
Sam: It is, father. When do you think we could meet?
Father Mike: Well, as luck would have it, I'm driving down the new
England coast. I'm afraid I'm a lobster junkie. How do the lobsters in
Harmony rate?
Sam: Well, you won't find any better.
Father Mike: Excellent, because I just entered the city limits.
Sam: You're in Harmony? That's fantastic. When can we meet, father.
Father Mike: Well, I'm here overnight. I'm staying at the rectory at
st. Margaret Mary's.
Sam: Well, how about if I come to the church tonight?
Father Mike: Yes, I suppose that'd be all right.
Sam: This means a lot to me, father. Thanks, and I'll see you tonight.
This is it, hank. David's lie is about to be blown to pieces.

Ethan: Oh, my God, Theresa, you're shaking. What -- I don't remember
you being this nervous back in Harmony at our wedding. What's wrong?
Theresa: It's happening fast.
Ethan: Hey, look, in a couple of minutes we'll be husband and wife.
Henry: Are we ready to begin?
Ethan: We are.
Henry: Dearly beloved, we are gathered here together to join this
couple in holy matrimony. If there be anyone among us who objects --
Whitney's voice: You're committing bigamy.
Theresa's voice: I can't lose Ethan!
Julian's voice: I'll take care of this. No one will know.
Whitney's voice: Tell Ethan the truth.
Theresa's voice: I can't tell him!
Julian's voice: No one will ever know.
Whitney's voice: You are committing bigamy, Theresa.
Theresa's voice: I can't!
Whitney's voice: Bigamy!
Julian's voice: no one --
Whitney's voice: Bigamy!
Theresa: Stop! I'm sorry. I just can't go through with this. We can't
have this wedding, Ethan.
Julian: Uh-oh.

Norma: Oh. Oh. I got to hand it to you, father. This is a wonderful
plan. I'm going to get those two this time, and when I do, they're goners!
[Norma laughs]
Norma: Oh.

Miguel: Ok, guys, look, we can't panic. I know a lot of weird things
have been happening, but we've got to stay focused. Our biggest concern
right now is Charity. I don't think she should stay on the island any
longer, so I'm going to try to get her home, have dr. Russell check her
out, make sure everything's ok.
Reese: Well, I don't know how. Our boat's gone. We have no way to
communicate with anybody.
Miguel: We've got to think hard. All right? We've got to spread out and
try to cover as much of the island as we can. Maybe there's someone else
here, someone with a way to contact help.
Simone: Someone else?
Tabitha: Well, I think it best if we all stay together. I'm certain
there's no one else here.
Reese: [As Tabitha] and how can you be so certain?
Tabitha: Well, I --
Reese: [Normal voice] hey, nobody knew Norma was here, but we found
her. Timmy's voice: Uh-oh, princess.
Miguel: Someone will have to stay here while we search, make sure
Charity's ok.
Kay: I'll stay.
Simone: No. You come with us, Kay, help us look. It would be best if
Reese stays.
Kay: But I think that i should probably --
Simone: He can still work on his computer, right, Reese? See if you can
finally get a connection and send an e-mail for help.
Miguel: That's a good idea.
Tabitha: Well, what now, then?
Miguel: We split up, try to cover as much of the island as we can.
We've got to find a way out of here. Come on.
Kay: Thanks a lot, Simone. You're a real pal.
Simone: I'm not letting you put Charity in danger. Not over some stupid
obsession.
Kay: You can't stop me. No one can. I'll just have to find another way.



Ethan: Theresa, what's wrong?
Theresa: Ethan -- listen -- last night --

Captain: Someone call a doctor! It's an emergency! We need help out
here!

Whitney: What in the world was that?
Ethan: What the hell? Sounds like someone's been hurt.
Whitney: Oh.
Julian: Wait! Don't you do this. You can't tell Ethan we married. I
told you I'll take care of it.

David: So, what's this all about?
Sam: I contacted St. Anastasia's in Hartford, see if they had a record
of your marriage to Grace. They do.
David: That's where I told you we were married.
Sam: I know what you told us, but I still don't believe you.
David: You checked with the church, right?
Sam: Yeah, and I don't believe the church records, either. Grace, now,
I know right now i don't have any solid evidence, but I'm going to go with
my heart on this one. I know you were never married to that man, and I
think I may have found a way to prove it.
Grace: How?
Sam: I contacted father Mike, a priest at st. Anastasia's. He's on
vacation, and as luck would have it, he's passing through Harmony. Hank, I
think you better go get changed. I want us all to go to the church and
meet with the priest, have a little talk with him.
David: This is ridiculous.
Sam: You sound nervous.
David: The church has documents that prove --
Sam: Nothing. Now, I'm betting that father Mike won't recognize you
two, won't remember marrying you because he never did. Let's go. The
sooner we get to the truth, the better. And then I'll deal with you.

Miguel: All right. Look, we've got to split up and fan out. There's got
to be someone else on the island, someone who can help us.
Jessica: Yeah.
Kay: Ok. Let them all go. I've got something better to do.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't like this one bit.
Tabitha: You think I'm having the time of my life? Not only are the
warlocks after Charity, they're probably employing her to help destroy us.
Not to mention nutso Norma lurking around with her ax.
Timmy: What'll Timmy and Tabby do?
Tabitha: When I know, you'll be the first to hear, believe me. Right
now we'll just keep moving. I'll think of something.
Norma: Aha! You're not getting away this time, Timmy dear. Not this
time.

Captain: Get a doctor!
Ethan: What's the problem?
Captain: Explosion.
Chad: What?
Captain: A boat blew up at sea. There's a man -- he's seriously
injured. He needs medical attention right away.
Chad: Oh, damn.
Whitney: Gosh.
Julian: My God, I'd almost forgotten.
Henry: I'll go back inside, call a doctor.
Ethan: How did this happen?
Captain: We don't know. We sailed over to see what happened, found a
man floating in the water.
Julian: Was this man the only person on the boat?
Captain: No, he was with his girlfriend vacationing, staying in the
hotel. A young couple.
Theresa: You don't -- you don't think it could be --
Ethan: No, no, no, no. It's not Luis and Sheridan.
Theresa: Ok.
Ethan: There's no way.

Sam: I appreciate you taking time out of your vacation to meet with me,
father Mike.
Father Mike: Your message sounded important.
Sam: It is. Extremely important.
Father Mike: How can I help?
Sam: Well, the church office told me that you are the priest who
performed all the weddings at st. Anastasia's 20 years ago.
Father Mike: That I did.
Sam: I was hoping that you could meet a few people and tell me if you
recognize them.
Father Mike: Very well.
Sam: Do you remember marrying those two?

Tabitha: The best we can hope for is to find a way off this damned
island before something catastrophic can happen. So keep a sharp eye out
for Norma. Timmy? Timmy? Timmy? Where are you?
Norma: No hope for you now. You're all mine. [Kay sobs]
Reese: Kay, what are you still doing here? How come you're not
searching with the others?
Kay: Reese, I --
Reese: Kay, what is it?
Kay: I was just so scared. I couldn't be out in the woods by myself. I
just really didn't want to be by myself. Um -- Reese, can you just hold
me, please? Reese, I need you to hold me.
Reese: Shh. Oh, my sweet Kay.
Warlock's Voice: Charity.
Second Warlock's Voice: Charity.
Third Warlock's Voice: Charity.
First Warlock's Voice: Come to us.
Second Warlock's Voice: We want to help you.
Third Warlock's Voice: Come to us.
Kay: Hold me, Reese.
Warlocks' voices: Come to us. Come to us.

Sam: Do you recognize them, father?
Father Mike: Sorry. I don't recognize either one. I just can't remember
them.
Sam: You see? I told you it was a fake. It's a lie. David was never
married to you.

Theresa: What if it's them? I mean, what if it is Luis and Sheridan?
Chad: Come on, guys, come on. This is a popular hotel, right? Tons of
people vacation here.
Ethan: Chad's right. It's probably just another couple.
Ethan: Luis!
Whitney: No.
Theresa: Oh!
Ethan: Wait. Sheridan -- the woman he was with -- what happened to her?

Captain: We searched everywhere. Luis nearly died trying to find her.
I'm afraid she's gone. There's no way she could've survived.











  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Monday 8/27/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="none">




 &nbsp;
 Monday 8/27/01
  Provided by Stephanie
		Proofread By  Elissia Tabitha: Timmy? Timmy, where are you? Oh. Did that doll wander off? Or
did the warlocks grab him? Oh, Hades forbid, is he in Norma's clutches?
Timmy!
[Timmy whimpers]
Timmy: Timmy's afraid!
Norma: Well, you should be, you overstuffed imp. It's checkout time for
you and Tabitha! [Kay sobs]
Reese: Kay, what are you still doing here? How come you're not
searching with the others?
Kay: Oh. Reese, I --
Reese: Kay, what is it?
Kay: I was just so scared. I couldn't be out in the woods by myself. I
just really didn't want to be by myself. Um -- Reese, can you just hold
me, please? I just really need you to hold me.
Reese: Shh. Oh, my sweet Kay.
Warlock: Charity.
Second Warlock: Charity.
Third Warlock: Charity.
Second Warlock: Come to us.
Third Warlock: We want to help you.
Warlocks: Come to us.
Kay: Hold me, Reese.
Warlocks: Come to us. Come to us.
Reese: How's that, my sweet?
Kay: Perfect. You're so strong and manly. And smart, too. Sometimes I
forget just how smart you really are.
Warlock: Come to us. Charity. We have things to tell you.
Second Warlock: So many secrets. Come to us, Charity.
Third Warlock: Come to us.

Pilar: Ivy. What are you doing here? The evening mass ended a while
ago.
Ivy: Well, then, what are you doing here, Pilar?
Pilar: I help tend to the garden.
Ivy: Oh. Well, your selflessness seems sanctimonious when you question
my motives for being here.
Pilar: Ivy, I know you better than anyone. You say that I'm your only
friend, the only person you can confide in. Now, tell me, what are you
doing here at this hour?

Sam: I told you Hastings was a fake. You heard father Mike. He married
every couple at st. Anastasia's in Hartford back then, and he told you he
didn't recognize you or Hastings.
Father Mike: That's true. I -- I don't remember either of you.
Sam: Which means that you were never married to this -- this creep. I
don't know what your game is, but it's over. You are finished.
Grace: I'm -- I'm sorry, Sam. But it's not over for David and me.

[Theresa cries]
Ethan: Sheridan can't be dead. She can't be.
Ron: I'm sorry. I need to go help the captain secure the boat before
the hurricane hits.
Theresa: Oh. Luis will be all right, won't he?
Ron: I don't know, miss. Like the captain said, we saw an explosion. By
the time we got to your brother's boat, all we saw was debris. We found
Luis in pretty bad shape, pulled him onboard to take him ashore, but he
kept on diving back in the water to find his girlfriend, Sheridan.
Ethan: No, no, wait. Are you sure there was no sign of her?
Ron: If the explosion didn't get her, she has to have drowned in the
rough seas churned up by the storm. I'm sorry, but Sheridan has to be
dead.
Ethan: No. It can't be.

Timmy: Tabitha! Save Timmy from Norma!
Norma: Oh. That's right, tiny Tim. Get that hag you hang out with over
here. Oh. This pit I dug should do the trick. It's deep enough to keep
wise imp Timmy and bigmouth Tabitha from climbing out. [Norma chuckles]
Timmy: Why is Norma covering the hole? Someone might fall in by
accident.
Norma: Well, now I know why Tabitha calls you batting for brains. I'm
covering the pit so your dear old princess doesn't see it. When she comes
looking for you and finds you tied up to the tree -- ooh, she's going to
run to your rescue. But she won't get to you because she'll fall into the
pit instead.
Timmy: That's mean!
Norma: Oh, well, then I'll toss you in to keep her company.
Timmy: That's meaner.
Norma: Miss bigmouth Lenox -- she'll be sorry she ever called me
stupid. I'm smart as a whip, aren't I, father? [As father] you're the
smartest little girl in the whole wide world, and you're going to prove it
by killing Tabitha and her toy boy.
Timmy: No!
Tabitha: Timmy! Timmy, where are you?
Timmy: Tabby!
Tabitha: Timmy!
Timmy's voice: Oh, no. Princess is heading straight for a hole in one!

Theresa: Luis. Luis. Please, someone get a doctor!
Whitney: I'll get somebody.
Ethan: Look, you said she's dead. Did you -- did you find her body?
Ron: No, but like I say, if the boat exploding didn't get her, she must
have drowned.
Ethan: I mean, what kind of explosion was it? Did the boat hit
something? Was it the engine? I mean, where was she? Did you find anything
that belonged to her?
Chad: Ethan, listen, slow down. Look, I know you're upset, but give the
guy a chance to tell us what happened.
Ron: I'm sorry. I've told you everything I know. The only reason the
captain and I knew about Sheridan was because Luis kept diving back in the
water to look for her. He loves her like crazy.
Ethan: They were supposed to get married.
Chad: Look, man, is there any chance -- I mean, any chance at all --
that Sheridan's still alive?
Ron: I don't see how. The captain and I searched the area where we
found Luis. We saw debris but no sign of Sheridan.
Ethan: Why didn't you call for help?
Ron: We wanted to, but our radio was down. In the end, all we could do
was to try to save Luis.
Whitney: Here's a doctor. Theresa, here he is.
Theresa: Oh, please.
Whitney: Please hurry.
Theresa: You have to save my brother. You can't let him die, ok?
Doctor: Just a minute.

Basil: Mission accomplished, Mr.. Crane.
Julian: Shh.
Basil: We blew up the boat as ordered. Luis may live, but we took out
Sheridan for sure.
Julian: Sad but necessary job well done. A pity my poor sister had to
pay the ultimate price. Better she than me. [Thunder]

Pilar: Answer me, Ivy. What are you doing here at this hour? And don't
pretend that you've suddenly found religion.
Ivy: Pilar, I have no reason to lie to you. I just came to leave these
flowers on the altar.
Pilar: Really?
Ivy: Yes, really. Look, I felt bad when I crashed into the church on
the day that Ethan and Theresa were going to get married, and I thought
perhaps I ought to leave flowers on the altar every now and then. Is that
so sinister?
Pilar: Well, the flowers are pretty, but that's not why you brought
them.
Ivy: Excuse me?
Pilar: Do you honestly believe the lord will accept those flowers in
exchange for breaking up Sam's marriage?
Ivy: Pilar!
Pilar: God does not accept bribes, Ivy, and you should be ashamed of
yourself for even offering one.
Ivy: Now, wait just a minute, Pilar. I gave up on Sam, even though he
and I were once deeply and passionately in love.
Pilar: So you s
Ivy: And I meant it. Pilar, I finally realized that Grace and Sam have
a rock-solid marriage and that there was no place in Sam's life for me.
Pilar: And then, out of the blue, David Hastings came into town.
Ivy: Yes, he did, and that has changed everything.
Pilar: God help us all.
Ivy: Pilar, if David Hastings married Grace before the eyes of God,
then they belong together. And if they belong together, then Sam is free.
And if Sam is free, is it so wrong for me to hope that maybe we could be
together? I'm sorry. No. Until David Hastings gives up, I am not going to
give up.

Sam: Grace, what do you mean it's not over between you and David?
Father Mike doesn't remember seeing you or Hastings, much less marrying
you.
Grace: Sam, I just can't say it's over until I am 100% certain that I
wasn't married to David. Or it'll haunt me the rest of my life.
Eve: Grace, honey, be sensible. Now, if father Mike's name is on your
marriage license and he says that he didn't marry you, then you are not
married. Somebody must've forged his signature.
Sam: Exactly!
Grace: Sam, what are you doing?
Sam: I'm putting Mr.. Hastings here under arrest. The charge --
kidnapping my wife.

Warlock: Charity, we need your help.
Second Warlock: There are secrets we must tell you.
Third Warlock: Things we must warn you about.
Charity: What things?
Warlock: We will tell you everything.
Second Warlock: But you must come to us.
Third Warlock: You have the power to help us.
Charity: No. I don't have any power.
Warlock: Yes, you do.
Second Warlock: Now, come to us.
Third Warlock: We will tell you about the girl who will take Miguel
from you.
Charity: What girl?
Reese: Well, I know a lot of things about a lot of things, things that
I haven't told you yet.
Kay: Well, why don't you tell me, Reese. Tell me what you know.
Reese: Well --

Sam: An attorney will be appointed for you without charge before
questioning. Do you understand?
David: Yes.
Sam: Good. Hank, call the station house. Have them bring over a squad
car to take in Mr.. Hastings.
Grace: Sam, I wish you wouldn't arrest David. I need to know for
certain that i wasn't married to him, and with him being in jail, it's
going to be so much harder.
Sam: Grace, honey, what else is there to know? Until now, the only
proof that you had that Hastings was your husband was his say-so, some
forged documents, and his so-called memories of things that any good
detective could've found out for him. And now, for the first time, you
supposedly have an eyewitness to your marriage. Hastings thought that he
could con father Mike into saying he officiated at your wedding. Now,
people can lie, but the church can't. Father Mike told you he never
married you and David. Now, what more proof do you want? David Hastings is
nothing but a con. What his game is, I don't know and I don't care. I just
want him out of our lives.
Hank: I'll take him outside, wait for the squad car.
David: Maybe this'll help you. Grace was very fond of a small side
chapel at St. Anastasia's, the one with an angel statue.
Father Mike: We have such a chapel.
David: She wanted to be married there.
Father Mike: People are married in that chapel from time to time.
Sam: What does this prove?
Hank: Nothing, that's what. Anyone can make up that story.
David: Try to remember, father. Try to remember pronouncing us husband
and wife under the eyes of God in that small chapel.

June: Your sister was a sweetheart, Mr.. Crane. I talked to Sheridan
while basil reset the timer for the -- for the bomb. She was crazy about
Luis, so happy and in love.
Basil: Oh, can the cheap sentiment, June. We did our job. Sheridan's
dead. Now, when do we get paid?
Julian: Once they cart Luis off and clear the beach.

Ethan: Yes, hello, shore patrol? No, listen, a woman is missing off the
shore of the Bermuda pavilions resort. Send a rescue boat fast.
Doctor: He's coming to.
Theresa: Oh!
Doctor: I'll need to examine him at the hospital.
Theresa: Oh, ok.
Doctor: No bones appear to be broken. He's been badly shaken and lost a
fair amount of blood.
Theresa: Ok.
Luis: Where is this?
Ethan: Luis?
Luis: Huh?
Doctor: Take it easy.
Luis: What -- what are you doing here? [Luis groans]
Theresa: We'll explain later when you're stronger.
Ethan: Just relax.
Doctor: You'll be ok.
Luis: Sheridan? Where's Sheridan?
Theresa: Just stay calm. Save your strength, ok?
Doctor: Take it easy.
Theresa: You've been hurt. We're going to just take you to the
hospital. Just relax, please?
Luis: I'm not going to any damn hospital.
Ethan: Luis --
Theresa: Luis --
Luis: Tell me where Sheridan is.
Ron: I'm sorry. We searched as long as we could, but there was no sign
of her anywhere.
Luis: Sheridan is out there. I know that she is. We have to -- we've
got to find her, guys.
Ethan: Look, just tell us what happened, all right? It will lead us to
her.
Luis: Wait. I was -- I was getting out of the water, back into the
boat, and -- Sheridan: Luis!
Luis: I heard Sheridan scream out my name. And I started forward to see
what was wrong. The boat exploded before I could get to her. Sheridan's
out there somewhere. We have to save her.
Theresa: Luis.
Ethan: Look, Theresa -- we can't get married now. I have to go try to
find Sheridan. You understand, don't you?
Theresa: Of course I do, Ethan.
Ethan: Ok. But, you know, when you stopped the wedding before, you said
you had something important to tell me. What was it?

Tabitha: Timmy! Timmy, where are you? Timmy!
Norma: Now I'm going to take my hand away. But if you so much as
whimper for help, I'll chop your head off. Understood?
Timmy: Mm-hmm. Permission to speak, sir -- ma'am.
Norma: Permission granted. But keep your voice down. I don't want
Tabitha to know you're here until I finish rigging my trap.
Timmy: Norma doesn't know Timmy's princess like Timmy does. Tabby will
never fall for that pit trick.
Norma: Look, Tabitha loves Timmy. She's going to let her emotions cloud
her judgment. When she sees you in trouble, she's going to run to save you
and fall into the pit. I'm using you as bait to nab her.
Timmy: That's not fair.
Norma: Forget fair, small fry. This is war, and there's only one winner
-- me or Tabitha. And it's going to be me, right, father? [As father] yes,
Norma, my sweet, little buttercup.

Reese: Well, I've been doing research on the perfect kiss. It starts --

Kay: You know what, Reese? Why don't you tell me a little bit more
about that legend -- you know, the one with the girls that were in love
with the Same guy, the one with the premonitions ends up dying and the
other girl gets the guy?
Reese: Well, that's pretty much it. Now, about that kiss --
Kay: Actually, I wanted to know, did the girl and the guy end up living
happily ever after?
Reese: Ahem. You know, the legend -- the legend doesn't really say, but
I suppose the boy grieved over the girl who died for a while and then he
hooked up with the girl who didn't die.
Kay: That's what I was thought.
Reese: Kay, why are you so worried about these legends all of a sudden?
Oh, wait. I bet I know.
Kay: You do?
Reese: Yeah. You have such a sweet heart. Probably the girl with the
premonitions who died reminds you of Charity. It's a good thing Charity
doesn't have to worry about some girl stealing Miguel away from her.

Charity: What girl is going to take Miguel away from me?
Warlock: Think, Charity.
Second Warlock: You have the power to know and see all.
Third Warlock: Just as you saw that Theresa would make a mistake that
would destroy her, and she did.
Charity: Are you saying that i can see into the future?
Warlock: You saw Theresa's fate coming.
Second Warlock: You have the power to see everything coming.
Third Warlock: Everything. [Warlock chuckles]

Ethan: Why did you stop our wedding? What did you want to tell me?
Theresa: Ethan -- I had a terrible feeling that something was wrong.
Tonight was definitely not the right time for us to be married.
Ethan: I trust you, Theresa. I trust you with my own life. I've got to
try to save Sheridan's. [Luis coughs]
Luis: I'm coming.
Chad: No, Luis. Look, you better get yourself to a hospital like the
doctor said, all right? I' go an.
Luis: The hell with the damn hospital what good is my life without
Sheridan?
Doctor: I can't in good conscience allow you to go out on a rescue
mission.
Luis: Look, it's my call. I'll get myself to a hospital when I know
that Sheridan's ok.
Ethan: Julian!
Julian: I was just saying a prayer for poor Sheridan.
Ethan: Why haven't you organized a search-and-rescue party?
Julian: There's a hurricane coming, Ethan. I don't want to put people's
lives at risk.
Ethan: But she's your sister. I mean, if we don't do something, she
might die.
Julian: You heard the local. The sad truth is Sheridan is no doubt
already dead. And to endanger more lives by heading out to sea with a
hurricane fast approaching is both foolhardy and pointless.
Luis: I'm going.
Ethan: So am I.
Chad: Count me in.
Ethan: What about you, Julian? Are you coming or not?

Pilar: No matter what happened between David and Grace, you must leave
Sam alone. Sam loves Grace, Ivy, and he always will.
Ivy: Pilar, without Sam, I have nothing. Julian has probably already
divorced me. Ethan is going to marry Theresa. God knows my other children
never want to come home. Is it so wrong for me to hope for a little
happiness now that there's just a chance I might have Sam again?

Sam: Now, people can lie.

Ivy: That sounds like Sam's voice. What's he doing in the church this
late?

David: Take a good look at us, father. Do you remember marrying us?
Father Mike: I'm sorry, but your faces don't ring a bell.
Sam: Of course you don't remember, father, because you've never seen
any of these people before.
Grace: You know, Sam, I am beginning to think you're right. If the
priest had married David and me, he'd remember us. I don't know about
David, but I really haven't changed that much in the last 20-some years.
David: Maybe this'll jog your memory. Grace was wearing a simple white
dress and a hat with a broad brim.
Sam: Oh, enough of this nonsense. You're trying to browbeat father Mike
into remembering something that never happened. Now, I'm sorry, Grace, but
this man belongs in jail.

Pilar: Will you give up now? Sam and Grace are still married, and they
		will always be married. There will never be a place for you in Sam's
		life.

Reese: Ahem. So, do you believe my theory about Tabitha?
Kay: Uh-huh.
Reese: You do? You believe she's a witch, too?
Kay: Who's a witch? What?
Tabitha: Have you seen Timmy anywhere? I can't find him.
Kay: No. Did you put him down somewhere?
Tabitha: Well --
Reese: Or did he get up and just walk away?
Tabitha: Not now, Ross.
Reese: I'm telling you that doll is alive.
Kay: Cool it.
Tabitha: What about Norma? Have you seen her? Well, perhaps Charity can
help me. Where is she?
Reese: Charity! Oh, I'm supposed to be keeping an eye on Charity! Oh,
no. She's gone.
Kay: Hey, don't worry about it, Reese. She's probably just with Miguel
somewhere.
Reese: "Don't worry"? How can I not worry? She said she was hearing
voices in the flames.
Tabitha: The warlocks.
Reese: I bet you do know all about the warlocks, don't you, Tabitha?
Tabitha: Excuse me. I have to find Timmy.
Reese: I'm telling you, Kay, that little doll is alive and that woman
is a witch.
Tabitha: Timmy? Timmy! Timmy, where are you?
Timmy: Over here!
Tabitha: Stay where you are, lad. I'll come and get you!
Norma: Oh, and I'll get you, Tabitha, thanks to my little helper here.
Oh, Timmy. Timmy, this is just as father and I planned it. You've lured
Tabitha into my trap. [Timmy struggles]

Ethan: Well, you're obviously too scared to risk your own life to save
Sheridan's, so just get lost.
Julian: I saw the head of hotel security. I'll have him take you out.
Basil! I want you to take these gentlemen out on a boat to look for my
sister. Just make damn sure that they don't find Sheridan alive.
Basil: That wasn't part of the deal. Besides, a hurricane's moving in.
Julian: I'll double your money. Just make sure they don't find her
alive.
Basil: Deal. Boys, Mr.. Crane told me how important this is. Let's get
a move on.

Ethan: Luis, are you sure you're up for this?
Luis: All I care about is finding Sheridan.
Theresa: I know that this is something that you have to do, but it
scares me. Luis, it's -- it is dark and there's a hurricane coming.
Luis: We're going to be ok, all right? Sheridan's going to be ok. She's
got to be. Come on.
Ethan: All right.
Theresa: Wait, Ethan.
Ethan: What?
Theresa: Please be careful. I will die a million deaths until you come
back.

Sam: Now, look, you tried every trick in the book, but you can't
convince father Mike of something that never happened. Now, against my
better judgment, I'm going to give you a choice -- jail or the first plane
out of Harmony. Now, what's it going to be? Time's up. I'm taking you to
jail.
Father Mike: Grace -- was your hair always that color?
Grace: I don't know, father.
David: No, it wasn't. You tried coloring it at home before the wedding,
but it wound up blond. And you were so upset, you bought that hat from a
street vendor on the way to the church. After we got married, we laughed
about the fact that we almost missed getting married by a hair.
Father Mike: It's coming back to me. Your hair color was like the hair
of an angel in a Leonardo da Vinci painting.
Grace: It was?
Father Mike: I can see it now. You held out for the side chapel with
the angel statue.
David: What did I tell you? We are husband and wife.
Sam: Hair coloring and a side chapel don't constitute proof of
marriage. The only thing you've done is trick this priest into believing
that he officiated at your wedding.
David: Well, if he can answer my next question, it'll prove that he
married Grace and me.

Whitney: Chad -- you know, you don't have to go help rescue Sheridan if
you don't want to.
Chad: Well, would you think more of me if I didn't go, if I was a
coward like Julian crane?
Whitney: No, no, no. Of course not. It's just that it's so dangerous,
and no one would think any less of you if you didn't go.
Chad: Yeah, well, Ethan's going, so I'm going. Besides you know I like
saving ladies in distress.
Whitney: You just keep yourself in one piece for me, ok?
Chad: If I don't come back, will you miss me?
Whitney: Of course I'll miss you.
Chad: Whitney --
Whitney: I'll miss you because Simone thinks that you're her boyfriend
and she'll be devastated if you don't come back.
Chad: Yeah. Simone.
Whitney: Chad -- will you please be careful?
Whitney: I'll be devastated if you don't come back.
Ethan: Don't worry about me, all right? I'm not going to let anything
happen to me or anyone else. Once we find Sheridan and bring her back, the
four of us are going to walk into that wedding chapel and we're going to
get married.
Theresa: But, Ethan --
Ethan: No, no, look -- forget about scanning my mother's letter into
your computer. Forget about not telling me i wasn't a crane. Forget about
asking Julian to take me back into the family. I don't give a damn about
those things. All I care about is marrying you, and nothing is going to
stop us next time.

David: This will prove once and for all that we're married. I'm going
to ask him about your ring finger. Your cat scratched your hand on the
morning of our wedding. You put a bandage on your ring finger. And when it
came time for me to slip the ring on, I couldn't fit it on because of the
bandage. Father Mike, you remember the color of Grace's hair at our
wedding, but do you remember anything else, anything different? Something
about one of her hands, maybe?

Ivy: I have a feeling my future rests on whatever that priest says.
Pilar: I hope he cannot answer David's question.
Ivy: Pilar.
Pilar: Sam and Grace have had a long and happy marriage. They have
weathered all the problems that have been threatening it. They deserve
some peace.
Ivy: Well, I deserve Sam more.

Sam: This is getting us nowhere. So what if father Mike remembers,
what, the color of Grace's nail polish?
David: Let --
Sam: That doesn't mean that you were married to her.
David: Let him think. If he doesn't remember, I'll stop trying to prove
what is true. But if he does remember -- well, then, Grace will know
without a shadow of a doubt that he married us.
Father Mike: I remember now. Grace's ring finger had a small bandage on
it.
Sam: This is ridiculous!
Grace: No, Sam! That is exactly the story that David just told me. And
		it's true. Everything he said is true. God -- David and I must be
		husband and wife.
Tabitha: Timmy! Stay where you are, lad! I'm coming to get you! [Timmy
struggles]
Norma: This is it, father.
Tabitha: Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Oh, Timmy! What happened to you? Why have
you -- [Tabitha screams]
Norma: Gotcha! [Timmy struggles]
Reese: I'm so worried about Charity. I mean, Miguel asked me to keep an
eye on her. I mean, what if she's not with Miguel? What if -- what if
something terrible has happened to her?
Kay: What could possibly have happened?
Reese: By order of probability, any number of things. I mean, she could
be lost or hurt or -- or the warlocks could've gotten her.
Kay: Reese, you don't really believe in warlocks, do you?
Reese: You bet I do. They're real. Tabitha admitted it and she's a
witch, so she should know.
Kay: Well, I'm sure Charity's just fine.
Reese: I hope so. Because if the warlocks really have returned to
warlock island, we could be in super trouble. Supernatural trouble.
Warlock: Come into our cave, Charity.
Second Warlock: Join us.
Charity: No. Leave me alone. I want to be with my friends.
Warlock: We are your friends, Charity.
Second Warlock: If you help us, we will help you.
Charity: How?
Warlock: We will tell you secrets.
Second Warlock: So many secrets.
Warlocks: Come to us, Charity. Come to us.

Father Mike: I'm sorry it took a while, but I remember everything now,
the entire ceremony. Under the eyes of God, I married Grace and David at
St. Anastasia's church in Hartford. I hope I've been of service to you. I
remember you both being so happy and in love.
Eve: Oh, my God. If a priest remembers Grace and David's wedding, then
they must really be husband and wife.
Hank: What an unbelievable mess.
Pilar: Poor Sam and Grace -- the turmoil this puts their marriage in.
Ivy: What marriage? This is the moment I have been waiting for. Sam is
free. He's free to be mine again.
David: At long last, Grace, you have the proof. We are husband and
wife.
Sam: No. No. It can't be.

&nbsp;[Thunder] [phone rings]
Basil: Yeah?
Julian: What's the latest?
Basil: Still no sign of your sister. Even if she survived the
explosion, there's no way she survived in the waves that this hurricane's
picking up.
Julian: All right, good. You keep looking. I don't want Luis to accuse
me of giving up too soon. [Thunder]

Luis: Sheridan! Sheridan! Sheridan!
Luis' voice: Please, God, don't let me lose her.







  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;

















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Tuesday 8/28/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="none">




 &nbsp;
 Tuesday 8/28/01
  Provided by Stephanie
		Proofread By  Elissia Miguel: Charity? Kay? Reese?
Jessica: Where'd they go?
Simone: I hope they didn't go look for help.
Miguel: Yeah, I hope not. I mean, we've been all over this island, and
there's not a soul here but us.
Jessica: Yeah, just Norma and Tabitha.
Simone: So this means that since the boat was destroyed we're stuck
here.
Jessica: No, no, don't say that, don't say that. No, we will find a way
to signal for help, you know, unless --
Miguel: Unless what?
Jessica: Unless we die first, like Charity's premonition.
Reese: Charity!
Miguel: Reese. Reese, Kay, where's Charity?
Reese: She hasn't come back yet?
Jessica: What?
Miguel: But what do you mean, "come back"? She's not here?
Reese: Kay and I just turned our backs for a second.
Miguel: You were supposed to keep an eye on her, Reese. She's in a
trance.
Reese: I know, Miguel. I'm sorry. I didn't think she'd leave camp.
Miguel: Yeah, well, she did. And I wonder where she went. What happened
to her?

Warlock: Come into our cave, Charity.
Second Warlock: Join us.
Charity: No. Leave me alone. I want to be with my friends.
Warlock: We are your friends, Charity.
Second Warlock: If you help us, we will help you.
Charity: How?
Warlock: We will tell you secrets.
Second Warlock: So many secrets.
Warlocks: Come to us, Charity. Come to us.
Charity: Who are you?
Warlock: We are the warlocks.
&nbsp;[Timmy grunts]
Norma: Ooh, I did it, father. I got Tabitha right where I want her --
trapped in my pit!
Tabitha: Oh. Ow! Ow. [Timmy grunts]
Norma: Oh, and I think I'll finish off the little imp, too. [As father]
don't cut your imps before they're killed. Get rid of the both of them
right now!
Tabitha: Oh. Oh. Somebody, help! Get me out of here! [Timmy screams]
Norma: [Normal voice] save your breath, you old hag. No one can hear
you!
Tabitha: Norma!
Norma: But I do have good news -- we're going to have an old-fashioned
clambake with you, Tabitha, and Timmy as the clams! [Timmy grunts]

Ivy: It's true. Even if Grace doesn't remember, the priest remembers
marrying David and Grace.
Pilar: Yeah, but she is married to Sam now, and he's determined to
prove that he is Grace's only husband.
Ivy: Pilar, you know how Grace feels about the sacrament of marriage.
If she and David were married in the church, there is no way she will ever
divorce him, and Sam will be free -- for me.

Father Mike: I remember now. I performed your wedding ceremony in St.
Anastasia's church in Hartford 20 or more years ago.
David: Thank you, father mike. I wasn't lying, Grace. We are married.
Sam: No. That can't be true. Grace would have remembered it. The church
is -- it's just too important to her. She'd never forget having taken the
sacrament of marriage.
Eve: Sam, you know that Grace has amnesia. She doesn't remember
anything.
Grace: No, no, Sam is right. I would remember something as important as
being married in a church, even if i have amnesia.
Hank: Not if your memory was wiped out completely.
David: Would you please take these cuffs off now, Sam? You know I
didn't try to kidnap Grace. She's my wife.
Sam: I still don't believe it.
Grace: You know, Sam, maybe you should just take those off until this
is all resolved.
David: It is resolved. Father mike is the priest who married us in the
church before God.
Grace: Did I really marry you?
David: Yes, you did. You don't remember, but you did.
Hank: Is anything coming back to you, Grace? Do you remember father
mike?
Eve: Do you remember anything at all about the wedding?

Manager: Ladies and gentlemen, please try to stay calm. We've been
through hurricanes before, and we're well prepared.
Theresa: Luis and Ethan and Chad -- they're out in the middle of it.
They're all in a small boat, Whitney. They could die.
Whitney: No, no. They had to try to go rescue Sheridan, Theresa.
Theresa: What if Sheridan's already dead? I mean, she was lost at sea
hours ago. And now my brother and the men we love can lose their lives
trying to find her.
Whitney: Don't say that. They're going to come back, Theresa. They have
to.
Theresa: This is my fault. I tempted fate.
Whitney: What are you talking about?
Theresa: I was drunk on champagne. I married Julian and slept with him,
and now God is punishing me and I'm going to lose Ethan forever.

Alistair: I hope you're calling with good news, Julian.
Julian: Yes, everything went off according to plan. The bomb blew up
the boat, and Sheridan is dead.

Luis: Sheridan! Sheridan!
Ethan: You see anything?
Luis: No!
Chad: God, it's getting rough out here!
Radio Announcer: All crafts should be in harbor by now. Hurricane-force
winds approaching the Bermuda coast.
Basil: We got to get back now! The hurricane's going to be in at us any
minute!
Luis: We're not going anywhere until we find Sheridan!

Pilar: Ivy, it's wrong to take such pleasure in other people's pain.
Ivy: My only pleasure is hoping for a future -- my future with Sam.

Grace: No. I don't remember anything about a wedding with you.
David: Nothing at all?
Grace: No, nothing.
Sam: Then that's the end of it. If Grace doesn't remember, then it
never happened.
David: That's ludicrous. Father mike just told you he remembers
marrying us. Do you think the priest would lie about it?
Sam: I'm sorry, father mike, but I think you're mistaken.
Father Mike: No, I remember everything quite clearly now. I didn't
remember Grace at first because her hair color was different. Then, of
course, she's older. But now I remember how much pleasure it was to marry
a couple so committed, so much in love.
Sam: No. Grace was never in love with that man.
Father Mike: I'm sorry, my son. I know how painful this is for you.
Sam: Grace, you can end this right now. Just tell David that you don't
remember him, that you want him to go away.
Father Mike: I remember something else, Grace. You were very upset
because your twin sister couldn't be there for your wedding.
Eve: Your sister, Faith.
Ivy: There it is -- more proof.
Grace: Oh, Sam, how could he know about Faith if he didn't perform the
wedding ceremony?
David: It happened, Grace. I know it's upsetting and I know you don't
remember, but I'm sure it'll all come back to you in time.
Eve: I think I might know of a way to get Grace to remember right now.

Manager: If you'll all just stay together here in the lobby, we'll make
sure you're protected. Please, don't go back to your rooms and don't go
outside.
Julian: Yes, father. Well, unfortunately, Luis survived the explosion.
Alistair: Well, I'm sorry to hear that. But with Sheridan dead, Luis
will be neutralized. He'll be too grief stricken to bother pursuing the
investigation of his father's disappearance.
Julian: Yes, I'm sure you're right, but I'm a bit grief stricken
myself. She was my sister.
Alistair: Yes, yes, yes. And of course I feel great sorrow at the loss
of my daughter. I am not a monster, but she brought this on herself. If
she'd only listened to us and given up Luis, why, she wouldn't have had to
die.
Julian: I know. You're right. If Luis had married Sheridan, he would
have gained access to information concerning his father's fate.
Alistair: Yes. Well, now, that danger to the family is over.
Julian: Was a high price to pay.
Alistair: Don't get sappy on me now, Julian. [Alistair chuckles]
Alistair: You had a choice -- risk going to prison or kill your sister.
You sought to save your own skin. Well, that's all over now. You can marry
Rebecca and concentrate on running Crane industries.
Julian: Uh -- yes, I certainly hope so.
Alistair: What do you mean you hope so? Is there something you're not
telling me?
Theresa: Oh, my God.
Julian: Oh, it can't be.
Theresa: Tell me we're not married.
Julian: No, no. Of course not, father. Everything will be -- will be
fine.
Alistair: Good. I'll keep in touch.

Theresa: I never should have lied to Ethan. I should have told him that
I married Julian. And now I'm afraid I'm never going to see him again.

Luis: Look! It's debris from the island dream.
Chad: Is that all that's left?
Basil: There's no way Sheridan could have survived!
Luis: She's alive!
Basil: We have to go back now! We're all going to die!
Luis: Look, you listen to me -- she's out there somewhere, and we're
not going back till we find her!
Basil: You can die if you want to, but I'm taking this boat back in!

Hank: Eve, what makes you think that you could help Grace remember her
past when she hasn't had any memories in all these years?
Grace: You know, Eve, whatever your idea is, I want to try it.
Sam: I agree. I know you won't remember marrying David because I still
believe it never happened.
Eve: David, I'll need your cooperation.
Sam: What's the matter, David? Afraid Grace will remember that she was
never married to you?
David: Not at all. I'll do whatever you ask. I'll do whatever it takes
to get my wife back.
Hank: Pretty confident, aren't you?
David: I have truth on my side. Grace and I were married according to
state law, in the eyes of God, in a church not -- not unlike this one. But
if Sam -- Sam wants more proof, I'll go along with whatever dr. Russell
has in mind. I just hope it's not too painful on Grace.
Grace: Nothing will be more painful than not remembering whether I took
sacred vows with you or not. I'm ready to try, eve.
Sam: What do you have in mind, eve?

Pilar: Sam has always thought that David was a con man. Maybe Eve has
found a way to prove it.
Ivy: David is telling the truth. He has to be.

Reese: It's as I said before -- Kay and I just turned our backs for,
like, a second. Look, I have no idea where Charity could have gone.
Miguel: Kay, what are you doing here? I thought you left with us when
we went to go look for help.
Kay: Oh, well, I did, but I was really, really scared in the woods by
myself, and I wanted to help Reese watch Charity. I was worried about her,
Miguel.
Simone: So what happened, Kay? How did Charity get the chance to just
wander off?
Reese: It's not Kay's fault. It's mine. Kay got me talking about the
legend of the two girls who came to warlock island.
Kay: And then we turned around and she was just gone.
Reese: I feel terrible about it, Miguel, especially after Tabitha came
by looking for her doll and I told her that Charity heard voices in the
flames.
Jessica: Wait -- voices in the flames?
Reese: And Tabitha said that they were the voices of the warlocks.
Simone: The warlocks?
Jessica: Ooh, this is too creepy.
Miguel: Look, Reese, was Charity still in a trance the last time you
saw her?
Reese: Yeah.
Miguel: Ok, then we have to look for her. Let's go.
Jessica: Let's go.
Simone: You let Charity wander off on purpose, didn't you?

Warlock: Do not be afraid.
Second Warlock: We are your friends.
Third Warlock: If you help us, we will tell you more secrets.
Charity: You said there was a girl trying to take Miguel away from me.
Tell me who the girl was.
Warlock: We can't tell you.
Second Warlock: Not until you help us.
Charity: Then tell me about Theresa. I had a premonition that she
couldn't be saved from a mistake she'd made, but I don't know what the
mistake was. Is she all right?
Warlock: You will learn everything about Theresa and your family and
friends once you help us.
Second Warlock: You have the power.
Third Warlock: You can help us. Come.
First Warlock: Come, Charity.
Second Warlock: Come to us.
Third Warlock: Come.
First Warlock: Charity.

Tabitha: Timmy? Timmy?
Norma: Hey, where do you think you're going, little man?
Timmy: Norma, you know that book Tabby wrote?
Norma: Yeah.
Timmy: "Hidden passions"? Well, it's going to make a lot of money.
Timmy will split a percentage of the profit with you if you just let Timmy
and Tabby go. 50/50.
Norma: Hmm -- no deal!
Timmy: 50/60!
Norma: I don't want your money. I want to see you and Tabitha dead!
Tabitha: Don't worry, Timmy, I'll catch you. [Timmy screams]
Tabitha: Oh, oh. Sorry about that.
Timmy: Oh. Ow.
Tabitha: Oh, oh. Oh.
Timmy: Oh. Oh. How could Tabby miss this time?
Tabitha: Oh, oh, I'll catch you next time, I promise.
Timmy: If there is a next time. Norma said she's having a clambake and
she's using Timmy and Tabby as the clams. Does Tabby know what that means?

Tabitha: Unfortunately, I do, lad. It means we're going to be steamed
to death in this pit like a couple of clams.
Timmy: Uh. How could Tabby not tell that Norma set this trap?
Tabitha: I don't know, Timmy. I just wasn't thinking.
Timmy: Norma said that Tabby loved Timmy so much she'd do anything for
him as long as he was safe.
Tabitha: Well, I guess I'm just a sucker for a pretty face.
Timmy: Timmy knew his princess loved him.
Tabitha: Well, a fat lot of good it'll do you when Norma starts
chucking burning logs into this pit.

Sam: Well, what's your idea, eve?
Grace: Yeah, how do you think you can help me remember if I was married
to David?
Eve: I want to try an experiment. It's not exactly scientific, and it
might be painful, Grace.
Grace: I'm willing to take that risk.
Sam: What are you going to do?
Eve: Well, sometimes the smallest clue can trigger a memory in the most
severe amnesia cases like Grace's.
Sam: Yes. I keep hoping something will trigger her memories so Grace
will know she never even met David Hastings.
Eve: Well, I think we have a unique opportunity here right now to jog
Grace's memory.
Hank: By doing what?
Eve: Well, father mike is the priest who says he married Grace and
David, and in a church not unlike this one. I think we should re-enact the
wedding ceremony.
Sam: What?
Ivy: Why won't they just believe what the priest says? I mean, why
would he lie?
Eve: Will you do it, father mike? Would you perform a wedding ceremony
for David and Grace?
Father Mike: I don't know. I'm not really prepared.
Eve: Oh, but you've married so many couples. I'm sure you know the
wedding vows by heart.
Father Mike: Yes, I suppose I do. All right, if you think it'd help,
I'll perform the ceremony.
Eve: Grace? David? Are you willing to give it a try?
Grace: Sam --
Sam: I say go for it. I know you won't remember marrying him because
he's lying, and it'll prove once and for all that I was right.
Grace: Ok, I'll do it. David?
David: I have no objection.

Weatherman: Ladies and gentlemen, we've just been advised that this
hurricane has been upgraded to a category five on the saffir-simpson
scale. That means winds in excess of 155 miles an hour, and the eye wall
of the storm is just about to make landfall on the little island of
Bermuda. Only two category-five storms have ever made --

Whitney: The hurricane's getting worse, Theresa.
Theresa: Oh, God, Whitney. We're going to lose them. I'm never going to
see Ethan or my brother again.
Whitney: And I'm never going to get to see Chad again. And there were
so many things i wanted to say to him, things that I'm never going to get
a chance to say. You know, I love my sister, and I would never do anything
to hurt her, but, you know, maybe Chad was right. Maybe if we should have
just told Simone we were in love, and she would have eventually
understood.
Theresa: Oh, I'm sure she would have. I'm sorry, but this is all my
fault.
Whitney: When will you stop saying that? It is not your fault Luis and
Sheridan's boat exploded.
Theresa: Yes, it is. Whitney, fate made that boat explode because I
didn't tell Ethan the truth. I should have told him about Julian and me.
Julian: Are you insane? No one else can know the truth. It's bad enough
you told your little chum here.
Theresa: Whitney won't tell anyone.
Julian: Oh, good, because in a very short time, it'll be just a memory
anyway. I phoned my attorney and told him to fly my jet down here, tout de
suite.
Theresa: Your lawyer's coming to Bermuda?
Julian: Yes. He'll erase all traces of our marriage by morning and it
will all disappear and then you'll be free to marry Ethan.
Theresa: If Ethan comes back alive.

Chad: Ethan! Ethan! Ethan! Hold on!



Father Mike: Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today --
Sam: Wait. I just want to make sure. This ceremony won't be legal, will
it?
Father Mike: No, of course not. In any case, they're already married.
Grace: Sam, look, I won't do this if you don't want me to.
Sam: No. I -- look, I want you to do it. I want you to remember your
past. But my gut still tells me this guy's a fake, no matter what father
mike says he remembers. I just wish I could prove it to you so you
wouldn't have to go through this.
Grace: Yes, so do I.
Sam: Well, since I can't prove it, go ahead. Don't worry about me. You
might remember something that could give us the proof we need that this
guy's a con.
Grace: All right. I'm ready.
Ivy: She's going to remember marrying David.
Pilar: I pray she doesn't.
Ivy: Please, God, please let her remember marrying David, and then Sam
will be mine. [Norma chuckles and laughs]

Kay: Simone, I did not let Charity just wander off. I was talking to
Reese, and then we turned around and she was gone. It's not my fault. It
was fate.
Simone: Yeah, right. You knew that Charity was still in a trance. She
could be in danger, and according to that legend, Charity could die on
this island.
Kay: Well, that would be fate, too -- again, not my fault. But when we
do get off the island, Miguel will be mine.
Simone: If we get off.
Miguel: Charity!
Jessica: Charity, where are you?
Miguel: Charity!
Reese: Charity, answer if you can hear us!
Norma: Oh, damn! It's those kids again!
Miguel: Charity? Oh, Norma, am I glad to see you. We thought we'd lost
you.
Norma: Me? I'm not lost. I'm right here.
Miguel: Have you seen Charity? She wandered off, and we're really
worried about her.
Norma: No, I haven't seen her. I've been busy cutting wood for the
fire.
Reese: Well, what about Tabitha and her little doll? Have you seen
them?
Norma: Can't say that I have.
Miguel: Ok, well, we think Charity's in danger. That's why we're
looking for her. Will you help us look? I mean, we need to spread out and
search.
Norma: Well, yeah, I guess so. I guess I can finish cutting wood later.

Jessica: Thank you.
Miguel: Thanks. Come on, you guys.
Timmy: Norma stopped tossing the wood down.
Tabitha: Yeah. It probably means she's gone to get more wood. Come on.
Now's the time to get out of here.
Timmy: Timmy's ready. What's the plan? Oh.
Tabitha: Um --
Timmy: Oh. Timmy's not going to like this.

Warlock: Come inside. Help us.
Charity: I'm afraid to go in.
Warlock: There's nothing to be afraid of.
Second Warlock: You want to know the fate of your family and friends,
don't you?
Charity: Yes, I want to know.
Warlock: We will tell you of the great danger your aunt and uncle face
in their marriage.
Charity: I thought they were through the bad times.
Warlock: There is more to come.
Second Warlock: Much more. Things that will tear them apart.
Third Warlock: Come into the cave, and we will tell you everything.
Charity: Why can't you tell me from here?
Warlock: No one else can know. Only you.
Second Warlock: Only you have the power to help us.
Third Warlock: Draw closer and we will tell you everything.
First Warlock: Everything.
Second Warlock: Closer.
First Warlock: Charity, come closer.
Third Warlock: Closer.

Father Mike: God, you have made the bond of marriage a holy mystery, a
symbol of Christ's love for his church. Hear our prayers for Grace and
David. With faith in you and for each other --
Hank: Hang in, big brother. It's going to be a good thing for Grace if
it helps get her memory back.
Sam: I hope to God she does. But she's not going to remember marrying
David. I know she won't.
Eve: Sam, I've read some cases where the patient's amnesia disappeared
completely when confronted with the right trigger.
Sam: Look, like I said, I hope she remembers her past, but that wedding
never happened.
Father Mike: Since it is your intention to enter into marriage, please
join right hands and declare your consent before God and his church.
David: I, David, take you, Grace, to be my lawful wife, to have and to
hold from this day forth, for better, for worse, for richer or for poorer,
in sickness and in health until death do us part.
Pilar: Please, God, let Grace remember that she didn't marry this man.
The wedding sacrament means so much to her, she just has to remember that
it never happened.

&nbsp;[Theresa and Whitney scream]
Julian: I need a limo.
Manager: What?
Julian: You have to send a limo to the airport. My attorney's arriving
any moment.
Manager: Mr. Crane, the airport is closed. There won't be any flights
in or out of Bermuda until the hurricane passes.
Theresa: Oh, this is horrible. We've had storms in Harmony, but never
anything like this.
Whitney: I know. Even our worst storms weren't this bad.
Theresa: If it's this bad here, imagine what it's like out at sea.
Imagine what Ethan and Luis and Chad are going through.

Luis: Hold on!
Luis: Agh!
Luis: You bastard,
Basil: We have to get back or we're all going to die!
Luis: I told you, I'm not going anywhere until I find Sheridan!
Basil: We're going back!

Tabitha: No, no, Timmy. You have to dig deeper into the rock and scoop
out the dirt. Move over to the left more.
Timmy: Timmy thinks Tabby would do a much better job digging.
Tabitha: I'm just trying to help. You don't want to hit a boulder, do
you?
Timmy: No.
Tabitha: Well, then, hurry up! We have to dig our way out of this
before Norma gets back.
Timmy: Timmy hit something!
Tabitha: I told you you would.
Timmy: Wow! Look what Timmy found!
Tabitha: Oh, stop stalling and keep digging.
Timmy: Tabby, you have to look!
Tabitha: Oh, all right. [Tabitha gasps]
Tabitha: Oh, my stars!
Timmy: What is it? What did Timmy find?
Tabitha: It's a -- it's a -- it's a warlock scepter. Oh, my, it could
destroy the entire island, Timmy.

Warlock: Come inside, Charity, and we will tell you everything.
Second Warlock: We will tell you about the old woman.
Charity: Old woman. You mean Tabitha?
Warlock: We can tell you no more until you help us.
Charity: But I don't know how to help you.
Warlock: We will tell you how. Come closer.
Second Warlock: Closer.
First Warlock: Closer.
Second Warlock: Closer, Charity.
Third Warlock: Closer.
First Warlock: Charity.
Second Warlock: Closer.

Miguel: Charity!
Simone: Where are you?
Reese: Charity, can you hear us?
Jessica: Where could she be?
Norma: I hope this doesn't take too long. I'm getting ready for a
clambake.
Reese: Don't you think Norma's a little weird?
Jessica: Oh, you say the Same thing about Tabitha. Do you think Norma's
a witch, too?

Warlock: Charity --
Second Warlock: Closer.
Third Warlock: Closer, Charity.
Second Warlock: Charity --
First Warlock: Closer, Charity.
Miguel: Charity!
Warlock: Join us!
Warlocks: Join us!
Charity: Miguel? Miguel, I'm over here!
Miguel: Charity, I'm coming! Hold on!
Charity: Miguel, help me! Miguel!
Warlock: Enter!
Miguel: Charity?
Kay: She's not here.
Miguel: But her voice came from this direction. Where could she be?

Ivy: Pilar, how can you pray that Grace not remember being married to
David? What if she was?
Pilar: If she was, that's God's will, but you have to stop praying for
the destruction of Sam and Grace's marriage.
Ivy: Well, as you say, if it's true that Grace and David were married,
then it's God's will.
Pilar: She will never remember being married to David because as Sam
said, it never happened. Sam and Grace will be together forever.

Father Mike: Grace?
Grace: Ahem. I, Grace, take you, David, as my lawful husband, to have
and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for
poorer, in sickness and in health until death do us part.
Father Mike: You have declared your consent before the church. May the
lord in his goodness strengthen your consent and fill you both with his
blessings. What God has joined, let no man divide.
David and Grace: Amen.
Grace: I -- I'm sorry. I don't remember anything about marrying you.
Sam: I told you. If you'd married David, you'd have some memory of it.
Let's go.
Eve: No, no, wait, wait. The ceremony's not complete. The groom has got
to kiss the bride.
Sam: What? No way! This has gone way too far.
Hank: Sam, eve's right. The kiss may be just the trigger Grace needs.
Grace: Sam, we've gone this far. We might as well see it through to the
end because I so much want to remember. All right, I will kiss you for the
sake of the truth.
David: I understand.

Officer: Is everyone all right here?
Woman: Yes, thank you.
Manager: We've made sure all the guests are gathered here.
Officer: Good. Now, the governor's declared a state of emergency.
Everyone's to remain here in the hotel until the curfew's lifted. Are the
boats secure?
Manager: I -- I don't know.
Theresa: There is one boat out there -- a search party for a woman
who's lost at sea.
Officer: There's a boat out there in this hurricane?
Theresa: Mm-hmm.
Officer: Don't they realize that this is a level five?
Whitney: Well, what does that mean?
Officer: It means it's a powerful, deadly. There's no way anyone could
ride this one out in the ocean.
Theresa: Oh, we're going to lose them, Whitney.
Whitney: Oh, please, God, help them.
Julian's voice: Perhaps it's just as well my attorney can't get here.
Theresa's such a hot little number, even more beautiful than Rebecca. If
that boat goes down and Ethan is lost, I just might have to stay married
to Theresa. Poor me.

Basil: Julian Crane put me in charge of this search, and I say we're
going back!
Luis: You listen to me! Hey! We're not going in until we find Sheridan.
You got that?
Ethan: There's something in the water!
Chad: What is it?
Ethan: I can't tell! It's something white!
Sheridan: Get the anchor unstuck?
Luis: Well, not yet. One more try should do the trick, though.
Sheridan: Ok. Coffee's almost ready.
Luis: Sounds good. It's Sheridan! I'm going in!
Chad: No, wait, Luis! Don't do it!
Basil: He's a dead man! We're all dead!







  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;

















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Wednesday 8/29/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="none">




 &nbsp;
 Wednesday 8/29/01

		Proofread by  Elissia Hank: You really think this is going to work, Eve?
Eve: Well, sometimes if one physically re-enacts a situation from the
past, it can trigger a memory. In this case, if David and Grace were
married --
Sam: Look, they're not married. Grace isn't going to remember the
wedding because it never happened, and this has gone on a little too long.

Hank: Let it play out. It's the only way to find out if Grace has any
memory of David and their wedding.

Ivy: Oh, this has to work, Pilar. Grace has to remember that she was
married to David because if she remembers, Sam won't be able to deny it
anymore.
Pilar: Marriage is sacred to Grace. If she really was married to David,
she'd never break her vows.
Ivy: Exactly. And then Sam will be free.

Bruce: Well, it doesn't look good for Ethan and the search party, does
it?
Julian: No. It's a pity. I rather liked the boy. Now that Ethan's gone,
I'm sure Theresa's going to need a great deal of consoling. She'll
probably take to her bed.
Bruce: And of course, you'll have to take to it with her.
Julian: Husband's duty, old man. She certainly has a longer shelf life
than Rebecca.
Bruce: Poor Becky-Wecky.
Julian: Well, I'll break it to her gently. I'll explain to her that i
married Theresa without knowing what I was doing.
Bruce: And if Rebecca tells you you have to have the marriage annulled?

Julian: I'm not a cad, Bruce. To just up and run off on my new wife? I
couldn't do that. No, as soon as I receive official word that Ethan is no
longer with us, I will e-mail Rebecca, informing her that she's not going
to be the next Mrs.. Crane. That slot is already filled.

Man: It's a bloody hurricane out there. I never should have agreed to
drive you. 100 American isn't worth getting killed for.
Rebecca: If you'll just kindly close your mouth and drive, I'll gladly
give you 200. Just get us there in one piece.
Gwen: God, we're lucky to be on the ground. I thought for a minute up
there that the plane was just going to break in two.
Rebecca: Gwen, life is about taking chances. You have to seize the
moment. I mean, it's not every day I have the opportunity to marry Julian
Crane, and I am certainly not going to sit back and wait while some little
hussy snatches him up. No, once the press announces that he's available,
the women are going to be swarming. But I am going to be the one to land
him. Within 24 hours, I am going to be the next Mrs. Julian Crane, and
I'll be the envy of every divorcee in society.

Luis: Listen to me! Hey! We're not going in until we find Sheridan, got
that?
Ethan: There's something in the water!
Chad: What is it?
Ethan: I can't tell! It's something white!
Sheridan: Get the anchor unstuck?
Luis: No, not yet. One more try should do the trick, though.
Sheridan: Ok. Coffee's almost ready.
Luis: Sounds good. It's Sheridan! I'm going in!
Chad: No, wait, Luis! Don't do it!
Basil: He's a dead man. We're all dead.
Chad: Luis!
Ethan: Luis!
Basil: You're wasting your breath.
Chad: Luis!
Basil: He's a dead man just like his fiancée. Why the hell is Luis
risking his life for this dame?
Chad: He loves her. And any man would do the Same.
Basil: You're out of your mind, all of you.
Ethan: Chad? Any sign of Luis?
Chad: Not yet.

Gwen: You know, this whole thing could end up a total disaster.
Rebecca: But the storm will die down.
Gwen: I'm not talking about the hurricane, mother. Although, it could
put me out of my misery for good.
Rebecca: Would you hush? You came down here to find out what's going on
with Ethan.
Gwen: Yeah, that's just it. You know, we know that Theresa is here, so
what if Ethan came down here to marry her? What if we get to the hotel and
they're already husband and wife?
Rebecca: What if, what if, what if? You know what your problem is? You
are too negative. You should be more like your mother and think
positively. Yes, positive thinking -- that's what's gotten me Julian. That
and staying focused. And now I'm within hours of marrying the man.
Gwen: Yeah. And Theresa could already be married to Ethan.
Rebecca: You know what i think? I think that Theresa will have once
again, without any help from us this time, messed things up. I think
you'll find that Ethan is now a free man.
Gwen: Well, I've never thought of you as a prophet, but this time I
really pray you're right about this.
Rebecca: You know, I've never been able to see into the future, but my
instincts are extraordinary.
Gwen: Ok, well, then, I'll take a page from your book. If I see an
opening, I'll pounce. I will do anything it takes to make Theresa look bad
in Ethan's eyes.
Rebecca: You know, once Julian and I are married, Ethan will see the
value in a union with you. You and he will be wed and Ethan will be
reinstated as a Crane.

Julian: How are you ladies holding up? Must be very hard knowing that
your fellas have drowned.
Whitney: Drowned?
Theresa: Who said that?
Whitney: What are you talking about?
Theresa: No.
Julian: Well, I mean, no one actually said it, but you heard the
captain. There's no possible way anyone could survive out there.
Theresa: They have to. I refuse to believe that they're dead.
Whitney: They're all coming back, Julian. All of them.
Theresa: You could get a helicopter. You could send out a rescue squad.

Julian: I already contacted the coastal authority here. I pleaded with
them, but they will not send anything out on the sea or in the air, not in
this. I begged them to reconsider, but they were adamant. They said
perhaps in the morning if the hurricane has abated.
Whitney: The morning will be too late, Julian.
Julian: No one asked Ethan and the others to go out there. Sheridan is
my beloved sister. I would do anything in the world to save her. But if
she is already drowned -- and I'm afraid we have to assume that she is --
why risk more lives? If there was anything that i could do -- anything at
all, short of swimming out there to rescue them myself -- you know I would
do it. Because after all, you are my wife.
Theresa: Thank you, Mr. Crane.
Julian: No, please, I thought we'd dispensed with that formality. You
can call me Julian. You can count on me for anything, Theresa, anything at
all.

Hank: Go easy, bro.
Sam: Well, he's taking advantage of the moment.
Hank: Let it play out.
Sam: Just watching him kissing my wife --
Hank: Grace doesn't want to kiss him. She's just doing it to find the
truth.
Sam: I know what the truth is.
Hank: Well, maybe this will actually trigger a memory in Grace.
Sam: What is it, Grace? Do you remember something?
David: How can you keep denying it? First we have the priest who
performed the wedding ceremony who says he remembers us. A priest, Sam.
Now you have Grace who remembers herself.
Sam: She didn't say that.
David: It sure felt like it to me.
Eve: Grace, did the kiss trigger a memory?
Grace: Sam --
Sam: No. Grace, don't tell me that. It's not possible.
Grace: I -- I remembered the wedding.
David: I knew it. Oh.
Ivy: Oh. Oh, thank you, God. Thank you so much. Now Sam and I can
finally be together.
David: Believe whatever you want, Sam, but Every word i told you is the
truth. Grace and I were married in Hartford by father mike long before she
Ever met you.
Sam: You're a liar.
Father Mike: Wait. I just recalled something else. Your mentioning
Hartford reminded me. Grace said she planned to go to Boston after the
honeymoon. She was going to take some courses.
David: That's exactly what happened. After we had our honeymoon, you
left for Boston, and I never saw her again until I picked up that magazine
and saw her photo.
Grace: Boston -- I lived in Boston? I mean, that's where we met.
Pilar: Oh, God. Poor Grace.
Ivy: Their marriage is really over.
Sam: Grace, when you and i met, you told me that you were certain, in
spite of your amnesia, that you'd never loved anyone else.
Grace: Sam, I don't -- I don't know. I mean, I just had this flash of a
memory.
Sam: Of what? Exactly what did you remember?
Grace: Not a lot.
Eve: Grace, any memory could be important. What was it?
Grace: We were in the church at the altar. We were so happy. I was so
happy.
Eve: The groom. Who was the groom, Grace?
Grace: It was David. At least I think it was David.
David: Of course it was me.
Sam: Wait a minute. What do you mean?
Grace: Well, I couldn't make out the face of the man I was kissing.

Theresa: I don't think it's a good idea for you to be holding my hand.
We don't want to make anybody suspicious.
Julian: Suspicious?
Theresa: Of us. You know, what happened.
Julian: Oh. You mean our wedding.
Theresa: I mean, nobody can Ever know about that. And once you get our
marriage annulled like you said you would, well, no one can Ever find out.
In the meantime, people have to think that I know you as Mr. Crane, the
man who is Ethan's father.
Julian: Oh, come now, Theresa. After what happened between us last
night, we'll always be more than mere acquaintances.
Julian: What is it, sweet Theresa?
Theresa: Don't touch me! What are we doing in bed with each other?
Julian: Well, making love, of course.
Theresa: No!
Julian: Granted, neither of us wanted it to happen, but to deny that it
did --
Theresa: Oh, I just don't want to talk about it.
Julian: Oh, I understand. It's been a very --
Theresa: Yes.
Julian: A very stressful Evening. Very, very upsetting, what with
Sheridan drowning and all.
Theresa: No, don't say that. They will find her, all of them.
Julian: I think it's time for a drink. What would you and your little
friend like? One of those fun island concoctions?
Theresa: No, I'm never drinking again, Mr. Crane.
Whitney: We're too young to drink, Julian. Something you knew very well
last night when you plied Theresa with champagne.
Julian: Oh. "Plied"? As I recall, she was a more-than-willing
participant. But I do suppose we might have had a bit too many. Well, I'll
be close at hand if you need me.
Julian: Ah, youth. So full of fire and hope. In this case, misplaced.
No one out there could Ever survive this hurricane.
Whitney: Julian is so gross. I can't Even believe you'd hold his hand,
much less, you know --
Theresa: Please, don't mention it to me.
Whitney: Ugh.
Theresa: Look, I can't stand him, but I have to be nice to him until he
gets our marriage annulled.
Whitney: If he gets your marriage annulled.
Theresa: Don't say that. He's got to do it. Our marriage has to be
totally wiped off the books, which means i cannot get on his bad side.
Whitney: You know, whatever, whatever. The only thing I can think about
right now is that our guys are out there all alone. I mean, what if
Julian's right? What if no one can survive this hurricane?

Chad: Luis!
Basil: He's gone.
Ethan: Shut up!
Basil: Your friend was swallowed up by the sea just like his fiancée.
Ethan: Look, I said shut up!
Chad: Luis!
Basil: If we don't head back now, we're all going to wind up dead.
Chad: Luis!
Ethan: Look! There! I see something! It's Luis!
Chad: I see him!
Ethan: Look! Look, he's got something with him.
Chad: Or someone.
Ethan: It must be Sheridan.
Chad: Here, you hold this. Keep an eye out. I'm going to try to pull
him in.
Ethan: All right. .

Grace: I -- I couldn't see his face, the man I was kissing. I couldn't
-- I couldn't make out who it was.
David: Me. It was me. Our re-enactment of the wedding made you
remember. You remembered the church in Hartford, your dress, the ring on
your finger. And then you turned and kissed the groom. Me.
Eve: Is that your memory, Grace?
Grace: Yeah.
David: The kiss triggered a memory of something that had happened to
you years ago.
Sam: Stop putting words in her mouth.
David: Look, we agreed that however slight the memory, it was
important. And obviously, the kiss had a huge impact on Grace.
Sam: It's not obvious to me.
David: How can you not see that this proves we're -- we're married?
Sam: Because it doesn't. It doesn't prove a damn thing.
Father Mike: Mr. Bennett, language. You're in a church.
Sam: Look, I'm sorry, father. But this guy has been manipulating the
whole thing.
David: What have I manipulated? We agreed that we would re-enact the
wedding.
Eve: Arguing like this isn't helpful because you're both right. I mean,
clearly, the kiss triggered a memory in Grace. But that doesn't mean that
that memory is of David as the groom.
Sam: It wasn't.
David: Oh, God.
Grace: Look, I don't know what this means, but if there is a chance --
Sam: Grace --
Grace: That David --
Sam: Listen to me. He is lying. He's lied since the day he got here.
Grace: But the priest remembers performing the ceremony.
Hank: Father, just about Everything is riding on this. Is there any
chance you could be wrong? Any chance at all?
Sam: Father, listen to me, man. You have got to be 100% sure.
Father Mike: I wasn't positive before, but I am now. 100%.
Grace: Sam --
Sam: Grace, come on. Come on. I'll get you some fresh air. Come on.
Pilar: I have to see if there's anything I can do. Eve? I heard the
whole thing, and I feel absolutely terrible for Sam and Grace.
Eve: Ivy. What, have you come here to gloat?

Chad: You're going to be all right, Luis.
Ethan: What about Sheridan?
Chad: It's just a white shirt!
Luis: I thought it was Sheridan, but --
Chad: Just take it easy, man. Take it easy.
Luis: It was only a shirt. But it's my shirt. This is the shirt that
Sheridan borrowed before the bomb exploded.
Basil: What's the matter with all of you? The woman's gone!
Ethan: Shut up!
Basil: Even if she survived the blast, there's no way she could live in
these waters. Look at him. He's a strong man and he's half dead. I tell
you, the girl's dead!
Luis: You son of a bitch!
Chad: He's not worth it, Luis! Luis, he's not worth it!
Luis: Look, one more word out of your big mouth and I'm throwing you
in!
Chad: Look, forget about him, ok? We need to save our strength so we
can find Sheridan!
Ethan: And we're not going back till we do.

Theresa: Julian is wrong, Whitney. He has to be. Ethan, Luis, and Chad
-- they're going to be ok. And they will come back to us as soon as they
find Sheridan.
Whitney: Yeah. Yeah, you're right. Of course they will.
Theresa: I couldn't go on without Ethan. He means Everything to me.
He's the air I breathe. And I decided that when he gets back, I am going
to tell him Everything, hold nothing back.
Whitney: Good. You can be completely honest.
Theresa: I know that it's going to be hard for me and it's going to be
terrible for Ethan to hear it, but I have to tell him that I slept with
Julian -- not only slept with him, but --
Whitney: You married him.
Theresa: Yeah, and I know that Ethan is going to be angry. But he has
Every right to be. Whitney, you were right all along. You can't build a
happy life based on lies.
Whitney: Right, because no relationship can Ever survive that.
Theresa: So this is going to be the ultimate test. You know? If Ethan
and I can get through this, if Julian does what he promised me and he gets
our marriage annulled, well, then, Ethan and I can start fresh -- you
know, build a life based on love and honesty. But if he doesn't forgive
me, I will die.
Whitney: No. Theresa, don't say that. Don't Even think it. Listen to me
-- whatever happens, life goes on. All right? I mean, yeah, you might not
be as happy, or you may still dream about someone that you can't have, but
--
Theresa: You're not talking about me and Ethan. You're talking about
you and Chad. You still love him, don't you? That hasn't changed, has it?

Gwen: I can't believe we made it here alive.
Rebecca: Oh, there's Julian.
Gwen: Oh, and that letch Bruce.
Rebecca: Come on.
Julian: I keep telling you there's nothing to worry about. I'll take
care of it.
Bruce: You may be a Crane, mon ami, but the law down here is the law.
Rebecca: Well, what law have you broken now, Julian?
Julian: Rebecca.
Bruce: And the lovely Gwen.
Julian: What are you doing down here?
Rebecca: What kind of a way is that to welcome your fiancée?
Julian: No, I just -- I -- why didn't you let me know you were coming?
Rebecca: Well, I wanted to surprise you.
Julian: You certainly have. Whatever induced you to come down here in
the middle of a hurricane?
Rebecca: A wedding.
Julian: A wedding? Rebecca, I --
Rebecca: Yes, what better place for you and I to be married than right
here in Bermuda? Oh, and I can promise you a honeymoon you will never
forget. Aah, there's my little sugarplum, ooh...!

Luis: She's out there, Chad. I know it! I feel it!
Chad: I'm with you, buddy.
Ethan: Oh, my God!
Chad: What?
Ethan: Look! I've never seen a wave that size in my life.
Basil: No!
Luis: Hang on!

Rebecca: Well, Julian, I thought you'd be happy.
Gwen: Yes, but you look downright miserable.
Julian: Yeah, well, it's just that we -- we've already had one tragedy,
and there might be another one in the making.
Gwen: What are you talking about? Wait a minute -- nothing's happened
to Ethan, has it?
Julian: Well, not yet.
Gwen: What do you mean, "not yet"?
Julian: Luis and Sheridan went out on a fishing boat. There was an
explosion.
Gwen: What?
Julian: Yes. Luis barely survived, but it appears that Sheridan was
lost at sea.
Rebecca: Oh. How awful.
Julian: Yes, you see, that's why it's really not a good time to be
talking about weddings.
Rebecca: Well, of course. It's just, well, too terrible.
Gwen: Wait, wait. Sheridan is -- she's my best friend. She can't be
dead. She was just about to marry a man that she was so deeply in love
with.
Rebecca: What other tragedy is in the offing?
Julian: I'm afraid that it does involve Ethan.
Gwen: Oh, no.
Julian: In spite of Everyone telling them that she couldn't possibly
still be alive, Ethan and Luis and their friend Chad have gone out to
search for Sheridan, and we -- we fear that they, too, could be lost.
Gwen: Why didn't Theresa stop him? I would never let him go out into a
hurricane.
Julian: Well, Theresa tried to stop Ethan, but as you well know,
they've been going through a difficult period. They may not be as close as
they once were.
Rebecca: Well, whose fault is that?
Julian: Well, Ethan's for being foolhardy. Don't blame Theresa.
Rebecca: Julian Crane is defending Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald? That's a
first.
Whitney: Look, it doesn't matter whether or not I love Chad. I took a
vow, Theresa. I swore that if simone survived, I would give up Chad. So,
you know, as far as I'm concerned, Chad belongs to Simone.
Theresa: Whitney, right now Chad could be fighting for his life and
thinking of you. Don't turn your back on him.
Man: Excuse me. I thought that you would want these.
Theresa: What are they?
Man: The photos taken during the wedding I performed last night.
Whitney: Oh --
Theresa: Oh, my God.
Whitney: Well, there it is in living color for the whole world to see.
Theresa: If anyone sees this and tells Ethan before I can confess it to
him, I'm dead.

Eve: You were here the whole time? You were here for the whole
re-enactment?
Ivy: Yes, I -- yes, I was.
Eve: How did you know that Sam and Grace would be here?
Pilar: She didn't know that Sam and Grace would be here. She came to
bring flowers to the church.
Ivy: Really, Pilar and I had no idea what we'd walked into. I -- well,
now that I'm here, I just would like to express my deepest sympathies for
what Sam and Grace are going through. I mean, I know their marriage means
Everything to them, and to find out that Grace is married to another man
--
Hank: It ain't over till it's over.
Eve: You are such a vulture, Ivy. Ooh, you would love for Sam and
Grace's marriage to be over so you could just swoop down and pick up the
pieces.
Grace: I don't know what to do. I -- I don't know what to think.
Sam: Hey. Take a deep breath.
Grace: It's -- it's almost as if it was real, as if I was really
married to David. And if that's true, it means I loved him because you and
I both know i wouldn't marry somebody i didn't love.
Sam: If you married him, Grace. None of this is for sure.
Grace: Sam, it is too late to deny it. Father mike said it was true.
Sam: It doesn't matter.
Grace: But, Sam, I had that flash of a memory.
Sam: But you couldn't see the groom's face.
Grace: It was David. It had to be David. Why else would I have a vision
of my wedding when he kissed me?
Sam: Look, it wasn't him. You never married him. Now, I'll talk to
father mike to see where we go from here. One way or the other, we're
getting David out of our lives.
Grace: It's just not that simple, Sam. I mean, how do I just walk away
from him?
Sam: You just do.
Grace: All I can think about is father mike saying that when David and
		I stood in front of him at the altar, he saw such love. If that's true,
		where did that love go? It didn't just go away. I must have loved him.
Ivy: Well, let's think about this for just a moment, shall we, Eve? Am
I the cause of Sam and Grace's problems? No, not this time. I have
absolutely nothing to do with the fact that Grace might be married to --
to this man.
David: David Hastings.
Ivy: Ivy Crane.
David: And this is father mike.
Ivy: Oh. Nice to meet you, father.
Father Mike: Likewise.
David: Forgive me for eavesdropping, but i couldn't help but wonder why
you would call this lady a vulture.
Eve: Because Ivy's been waiting to get her talons into Sam.
Ivy: Years ago when we were young, Sam and I were in love.
David: Really?
Ivy: Yes, we have a son together -- Ethan. He's probably going to marry
Pilar's daughter, Theresa.
David: So would I be so wrong in thinking, from what you're saying,
Eve, that you're hoping my reunion with Grace will free up Sam to resume
his past with you?
Hank: Sam will never give up Grace. Never.
Sam: It's -- it's hard to believe. I mean, to think that you loved
another man? What's worse is to think that you still might love him?
Grace: I'm just so confused.
Sam: Grace, how did this happen? Now you think that you might love
David?
Grace: No, Sam. That's not what I meant. What I meant was that if I had
married him, I must have loved him.
Sam: You didn't marry him. Grace, listen to me. He is playing mind
games with you -- taking advantage, using your amnesia, making you think
that the two of you have this great love. It's an obvious ploy.
Grace: Sam, father mike said it, too. It wasn't just David.
Sam: This is all part of his scam. He could've put that thought in
father mike's head. The guy is a pro.
Grace: Sam, the first time father mike saw David was in the church, and
he didn't recognize him right away. I mean, David didn't have any time to
brainwash the priest.
Sam: I know, I know. Grace, listen, I don't have all the answers. But I
will. I will get to the bottom of this if it takes the rest of my life.
Grace: Sam, you're not thinking like yourself. You're not thinking like
a cop. You're drawing conclusions without accepting the facts. You're
tailoring the evidence to fit what you think.
Sam: He's playing us all for fools, Grace. Believe me.
Grace: Sam, the fact is there's no way David could've influenced the
priest. And none of this is David's fault. He sees me as his wife. And the
fact is, he's right. I am his wife.
St.Whitney: Unreal.
Theresa: It's sickening.
Whitney: You know, I have to admit when you first told me, I didn't
really believe you, but now this --
Theresa: Whitney, what am I going to do?
Whitney: Look at your eyes, Theresa. Anyone who knows you would realize
you were completely drunk.
Theresa: This is the worst thing I've Ever done in my life.
Whitney: You know, how could you do this to her? How could you really
marry them? Anyone could see that they were drunk. They weren't in their
right minds.
Man: Well, people do have the right to get married Even if they're
drunk.
Whitney: That's disgraceful.
Man: That's how it is.
Whitney: So you're trying to tell me that that's completely legal?
Man: Perfectly legal, I can assure you.
Theresa: Whitney, we have got to make sure that nobody sees this. I
mean, nobody can find out that i married Julian until I have a chance to
explain Everything to Ethan. I mean, if somebody tells him what happened
before I can, it'll mean the end of us.

Julian: I -- I just feel sorry for the poor girl, losing her brother
and then Ethan. It's tragic.
Rebecca: Hmm. Tragic.
Gwen: Yeah, well, if Ethan dies, it's Theresa's fault, all her fault.
Bruce: Ahem. Julian, could I see you for a minute, please?
Julian: Oh, certainly. I -- would you excu-- ahem.
Gwen: Look at her, chatting it up over there. I mean, how could she at
a time like this? It's as if Ethan is the last thing on her mind.
Rebecca: There is definitely something very strange going on here.
Shall we find out what the deal is with our little Theresa?

Chad: Oh, my God. What are we going to do?
Ethan: I've never seen anything like this!
Basil: Hit it straight on! It's our only chance!
Luis: Sheridan.

Hank: You got to know that, Ivy. Sam will never stop fighting for
Grace. He'll never give her up.
David: Obviously, you feel that way. You're his brother. You want Sam
to be happy.
Hank: And he will be.
David: Sam has no claim on Grace.
Hank: Well, what do you call over 20 years of marriage and three kids?
I'd call that a pretty big claim, wouldn't you?
Pilar: It's not up to any of us to decide what Sam or Grace will do.
Eve: Pilar is right. And so is hank -- Sam's never going to give Grace
up. So you can stop salivating, Ivy. You're never going to get Sam.
Ivy: I think perhaps I'll just come back and decorate the church later.
It was nice to meet you both.
David: Good-bye, Ivy.
Father Mike: Take care.
Pilar: I hate to say it, Eve, but it looks like Sam and Grace's future
could be very painful.
Grace: I just need some time.
Sam: For what?
Grace: To -- to think, to figure out how I feel.
Sam: Grace, you're my wife. I love you and you love me.
Grace: And we have to resolve this, Sam.
Sam: And we will. Together. I'll help you through this, Grace, because
you're -- you're Everything to me. Everything. There's no one else in my
life but you.

Theresa: God, please don't punish me for keeping the truth from Ethan.
And don't take him away from me. Please bring him back, and I swear I will
tell him Everything. You're a justice of the peace. Well, you would know.
It's easy to get an annulment, isn't it?
Man: On the contrary, it can be a rather intricate process.

Bruce: Mm-hmm. Read this right here, big Julie, and boo-hoo. Bigamy on
the island equals automatic jail time. It's mandated by law -- says it
right here, no way around it. If you marry Rebecca, off to the slammer.
The Same goes for Theresa if she marries Ethan.
Julian: Does this man look worried?
Bruce: Shouldn't you be?
Julian: Ethan's lost at sea. That simplifies everything. I'll be here
to pick up the pieces. Theresa will never have to worry about bigamy.
Bruce: And what then? You'll stay married to the girl?
Julian: Well, you've seen her. Wouldn't you?
Bruce: Well she is a scrumptious bit of crumpet. What about Rebecca?
Julian: She and Ivy could console each other.

Rebecca: What's all the whispering about?
Gwen: Well, knowing Theresa, she's probably plotting something.
Rebecca: Well, maybe we can turn her little plot around, use it against
her, use it to help tear her and Ethan apart.
Gwen: Theresa. Hello.
Theresa: Gwen. Rebecca.
Rebecca: What's that photo you're hiding, Theresa?

Luis: Here it comes!
Basil: We're all going to die!
Luis: I'm not going to die today. I have to save Sheridan.







  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;&nbsp;
 &nbsp;


















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Thursday 8/30/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="none">





 Thursday 8/30/01

Proofread By  Elissia Tabitha: Hey. Put that down. That's not a toy and you're not Zorro.
Timmy: But Timmy's always wanted his own scepter.
Tabitha: Yes, well, I'll buy you a play one when we get home, if we
ever get home.
Timmy: But --
Tabitha: Do as I say, Timmy!
Timmy: Timmy thought it would help Timmy and tabby get out of the pit
before Norma comes back. And it's so shiny.
Tabitha: Hey! Don't you dare pick that up again! That is warlock
property. And if it falls into the wrong hands, it could destroy us and
this entire island.

Norma: Don't worry, father. I'll ditch the brats and get back to our
friends in the pit where I've trapped them. [As father] no need to rush,
buttercup. You don't want to raise others' suspicions. Act like one of
them, and look for the blonde girl. There will be plenty of time to kill
them later. [Normal voice] oh. You are so wise, daddy. You always know
just what to do.

Miguel: But I could have sworn Charity's voice came from this
direction. I mean, where could she have gotten to so quickly?
Reese: You got me, but there's no sign of her over that way.
Miguel: Damn it!
Simone: This is all your fault.
Kay: Excuse me? I'm to blame because my cousin's a certified space
cadet? She probably just wandered off in response to some kind of alien
transmission from above or something.
Simone: You purposely distracted Reese while you were supposed to be
watching Charity for Miguel.
Kay: Reese, can you just hold me, please? I just need you to hold me.
Reese: Shh. Oh, my sweet Kay.
Kay: Hold me, Reese.
Reese: Mmm. How's that, my sweet?
Kay: Perfect.
Reese: Hmm.
Kay: Well, I can't help it if Reese finds me attractive.
Simone: You used him, Kay, like you use everyone else who gets in your
way. I -- I swear, if Charity dies because of what you did, I'm not
covering for you. I'm going to tell everyone how you schemed to make that
old island legend come true all over again so that Charity would die and
you will end up with Miguel. This is pure evil, Kay, pure evil.
Miguel: Look, how could she have just disappeared? Charity! Charity,
where are you?

Warlock: Charity.
Second Warlock: Closer.
Third Warlock: Charity!
First Warlock: Charity? Join us.
Second Warlock: Closer, Charity.
Miguel: Charity!
Warlock: Join us! [Warlocks chant]
Charity: Miguel! Miguel!
Warlocks: Join us.
Charity: I'm over here!
Warlock: Come!
Charity: Miguel! Miguel, help me! Miguel!
Warlock: Enter!
Charity: Miguel. Miguel, help me.

Weatherman: Her name is Peggy, and she packs quite a wallop --
unpredictable, nearly impossible to track this one. We can only hope she
runs out of steam before she does any more damage, but I got to tell you,
it doesn't look good. Usually these storms weaken a little as they move
out to sea, but not this one. She's actually picking up steam, and our
worst fears could be realized if she were to converge with two rather
significant weather fronts in that area. For those of you who have not
been evacuated for one reason or another, we beseech you, stay in your
homes, board your windows and doors until Peggy passes. And for anyone
caught off guard out at sea without enough time to make it to land, may
God have mercy on your soul.
Bruce: Ah, you forget about hurricane Peggy. You're going to have to
deal with hurricane Rebecca once she finds out it's too late to become the
next Mrs. Julian Crane.
Julian: Well, it's her own fault if she gets upset. I told her to stay
in Harmony. I'd marry her once I got home.
Bruce: Well, hello? It was good she didn't trust you. The second you
got your divorce from ivy, you went off and married little Theresa.
Julian: Oh, let Rebecca kick up a storm when she finds out. It'll be
worth it, spending a lifetime of bliss married to a baby doll half my age.

Bruce: Half? Don't you wish, you old lecher. And doesn't baby doll
think you're going to dissolve this farce of a marriage?
Julian: Well, that was before Ethan was lost at sea. I'd be crazy to
let Theresa go now. She's my blushing bride, and I'm going to keep it that
way.

Theresa: Rebecca, Gwen, what are you guys doing here?
Gwen: Well, we might ask the same of you. What are you and Whitney
looking at?
Rebecca: Yes! Do let us see. There's nothing I like better than a nice
game of show and tell.
Luis: Here it comes! Basil: Oh, we're going to die!
Luis: I'm not going to die today. No, just save Sheridan.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't think the scepter will hurt Timmy and tabby. He
thinks it's Timmy and tabby's only hope on getting out of Norma's pit.
Tabitha: Oh, "Timmy thinks this, Timmy thinks that." Well, I think I'm
smarter than to trust someone whose brains are made from cotton batting.
Timmy: But Timmy knows what to do with the scepter.
Tabitha: Oh.
Timmy: Remember the spell Timmy cast in Hecuba's old lair underneath
the Crane mansion?
Tabitha: Oh, as if I could forget.
Timmy: If Timmy was able to beam Julian down here, then he should
definitely be able to beam him and his princess back up to the party.
Tabitha: This isn't an episode of "star trek," you know? You're out of
your league. And you're lucky that your antics didn't get us into any more
trouble than they did! Now, put that wand down this instant. I'm the one
who's going to get us out of here.
Timmy: Hold on a second, tabby. Let Timmy try one more thing. "Hecuba's
lair's -- is as nice as a house. But tabby needs to get out of here as
quick as a mouse!"
Tabitha: [Mousy voice] eek! Now look what you've done, Timmy! I'll
never be able to view the chaos upstairs.
Timmy: Princess?
Tabitha: [Normal voice] oh, oh. That was a complete disaster, and not
one I'm about to let you repeat.
Timmy: Timmy wishes his princess had more faith in him.
Tabitha: Oh, don't pout, Timmy. This scepter is a million times more
powerful than Hecuba's old wand. The warlocks use it as their primary tool
of destruction. It possesses more evil than your tiny pea brain could ever
fathom. Anyone who gets close to the warlocks or even gets close to their
most prized possessions risks their wrath and invites certain death. Is
that what you want, Timmy? Is it?

Miguel: Charity! Charity, answer me! Charity, where are you?
Simone: Happy, Kay? Is this your idea of loving someone? Look how much
pain you're causing Miguel.
Kay: Look, for the last time, Simone, I'm not causing anything. Ok? I
am not my cousin's keeper, and it is not my fault that she's a bona fide
nut case whose idea of having a good time is having premonitions and
sleepwalking. If something happens to Charity tonight, it's her own fault,
not mine.
Miguel: Where could she be?
Reese: I wish I knew what to tell you, buddy.
Miguel: Charity!
Charity: We're doomed. We're all doomed.

Julian: Oh, waiter -- refill. Waiter: But, sir, the hurricane --
Julian: I said I would like another drink, yes? Waiter: Yes, Mr. Crane.

Julian: Of course, Rebecca will be devastated at losing me, but one
must respect the sanctity of one's marriage, mustn't one, especially when
one is married to such a ripe nymphette?
Bruce: Oh, you are a piece of work, Julian.
Julian: I'm the luckiest man alive now that I've made the tempting
Theresa my bride.
Bruce: Well, we'll see how your luck holds out when Rebecca finds she's
been discarded for a girl younger than her own daughter. I mean, from the
looks of the broad, it's not going to be pretty.
Julian: Ahem. Waiter: Here you are, Mr. Crane.

Gwen: Why don't you want us to see the photograph, Theresa? What are
you trying to hide?
Theresa: It just isn't anything that you guys would be interested in,
really.
Rebecca: Then why do you look like bambi caught in the headlights? Let
us see what you have there. Oh, my. You really don't want us to see it.
Whitney: That's not it at all, Mrs. Hotchkiss. Theresa's just a little
upset right now. She's worried about Ethan, you know, out at sea in the
hurricane.
Rebecca: Well, aren't we all? But while we're waiting to get some kind
of news, we might as well amuse ourselves as best we can. So show us the
picture, Theresa -- now.

Ethan: Luis! Chad! Anyone! Somebody out there? Oh, my God! They're all
drowned!
Ethan: Luis? Chad! Can anyone hear me?
Chad: Ethan! Ethan!
Ethan: Chad! Thank God! Chad! Have you seen Luis or the guy that
brought us out?
Chad: No, I haven't seen anything since the wave hit us.
Ethan: I got to find Luis.
Chad: We'll find him! Just wait for him to be --
Ethan: Luis!
Chad: Luis!
Ethan: Luis!

Julian: With Ethan certain to have been lost at sea, there's no reason
on earth that i should annul my marriage to Theresa. I'm going to stay
married to my nubile young bride, and Rebecca's just going to have to lump
it.
Bruce: Well, like I said, she just doesn't look like the type that
takes rejection very well.
Julian: Uh -- I can handle Rebecca, and what's she going to do about it
anyway? Theresa and I are legally married, and that's the way it's going
to stay.
Bruce: You have got more chutzpah than brains. I mean, maybe you can
deal with Rebecca. But what about Theresa's brawny older brother? He's a
cop, isn't he?
Julian: Luis was lost in the hurricane along with Ethan.
Bruce: What -- wait. How can you be so sure about that? What if he
makes his way back and then he finds out that you've married his younger
sister? I mean, I don't care how weak and how battered he is by the storm.
He's going to rip your head off and he's going to use it for a punching
bag.

Rebecca: Enough stalling, Theresa. Gwen and I want to see what you're
hiding.
Whitney: Oh, leave her alone, Mrs. Hotchkiss. This is Theresa's
personal property. She doesn't have to show you anything.
Rebecca: Stay out of it! I'm not taking no for an answer.
Gwen: You know, mother, just forget about the picture. What I want to
know is how Theresa could let Ethan go out in such a ferocious hurricane
when she claims that she's in love with him.
Theresa: I do love Ethan, Gwen, and I tried to stop him and Luis and
Chad, but they wouldn't listen to me. They insisted on going to search for
Sheridan.
Gwen: Yeah, well, Sheridan is my best friend, but I wouldn't put the
life of the man I love at risk. He could die because of you. I hope you're
happy.
Theresa: I'm scared to death.
Rebecca: "Wedding photos." How very interesting.
Gwen: Oh, my God! Are you and Ethan already married?
Theresa: Give that back!
Whitney: Hey!
Rebecca: Oh, I don't think so, Theresa! Now that I know what's in here,
I'm especially interested in seeing it. Besides, don't you know that
everybody just loves looking at wedding photos? What's this? Oh, how
convenient -- an all-day, all-night wedding chapel right here on the
resort premises. It's a little tacky, but I've seen worse. Oh, this must
be the justice of the peace, but -- wait a minute. Isn't this the guy I
saw you talking to earlier?
Gwen: He officiated at your wedding to Ethan, didn't he?
Rebecca: Don't worry, Gwen. We're about to find the truth out for
ourselves anyway.
Weatherman: Eyewitness accounts are confirming what our satellite
pictures have been telling us. Hurricane Peggy is in a class by herself.
She is the biggest storm to hit these islands in years. We've even had
reports of a huge rogue wave out at sea swallowing up everything in its
path.
Bruce: No, that wave's got nothing on you, Julian. You are the rogue
meister around here -- at least until Rebecca takes you down a notch or
two. [Bruce laughs]
Julian: Ha-ha-ha.

Theresa: Give that back! That's mine!
Rebecca: Oh, I don't think so, Theresa. Gwennie and I are very anxious
to find out just who married whom.
Gwen: Yeah, these can't be pictures of you and Ethan getting married
because you couldn't have gotten him to marry you already!
Rebecca: Just steel yourself, sweetheart. I wouldn't put anything past
ms. Thing there. Besides, this resort specializes in spur-of-the-moment
weddings. That's the whole reason i flew down here -- so I could marry
Julian the minute his divorce from ivy was final. Is that why you're here,
Theresa?
Theresa: What?
Rebecca: You and Ethan. Were you hoping to have a quickie wedding with
Ethan?
Theresa: No, not at all.
Whitney: You know, it's none of your business why Theresa came down
here, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Oh, but I think it is. And in spite of your best efforts, I'm
going to find out why. This little secret the two of you have? It's about
to go public.

Tabitha: Now, give me your word that you won't touch that scepter
again.
Timmy: Timmy promises. Timmy just wishes he could do something to help
Charity.
Tabitha: Charity? Uh! That's all you can think about? Here we are,
trapped in this cooking pit, waiting for Norma to come back and roast our
rumps, and all you're worried about is miss namby-pamby Charity.
Timmy: But if Charity's trance was brought on by the warlocks, then she
could be in trouble, too.
Tabitha: Oh, not as much trouble as we're in, toots! Now, just get over
it!
Timmy: But Timmy still thinks the scepter is Timmy and tabby's only
hope.
Tabitha: No, forget the damn scepter, will you? It's -- it's more
deadly than any gun or a knife or even ax blade.
Timmy: Princess is a professional. She can use these things.
Tabitha: Yes, but without my full powers, Timmy, I'm not sure that even
i could handle it.
Timmy: But if Norma comes back --
Tabitha: Oh, we'll be spliced, diced, and/or baked to a crisp, right?
Timmy: Then princess has to try and save Timmy and his princess.
Tabitha: I'm afraid, Timmy. The last time I tried to do something on
this island, it completely backfired. I gave the wrong scepters to the
warlocks, and they've been trying to pay me back ever since. Oh. Oh, it
was terrible. I was only trying to help, and -- and it completely
backfired. I single-handedly undermined their entire scheme to destroy
mankind. Now, I mean, if I so much as just touch that scepter, I might be
blown to kingdom come.
Timmy: But if princess doesn't even try, then Norma will come back and
do something just as bad. Princess, please save Timmy!

Simone: We would have been picked up by a rescue boat if you hadn't
poured water all over the firewood so it wouldn't light.
Kay: Simone, don't you dare tell Reese, Jessica, or Miguel that I did
that.
Simone: Well, what's the difference what they know now, Kay? Charity's
lost, we're stranded, and I think we're all going to die on this awful
island. We're never going to make it home, thanks to you.
Miguel: I mean, how does someone just vanish into thin air?
Reese: Maybe we missed something. Maybe her voice was really coming
from the woods over there.
Miguel: I don't think so. You know, I heard Charity's voice coming from
right here.

Warlock: Come to us, Charity.
Second Warlock: Charity!
Third Warlock: We have so much to tell you!
Second Warlock: So many secrets to tell.
First Warlock: We can help you. We can help you save Theresa.
Second Warlock: And Sheridan.
Third Warlock: And Luis.
First Warlock: Come to us, Charity.
Second Warlock: Charity, come to us.
Third Warlock: Come to us, Charity.
Warlocks: Charity! Charity!
First Warlock: Come to us.
Second Warlock: Come to us.
Third Warlock: Come to us.
First Warlock: Yes.
Second Warlock: Yes.
First Warlock: And join us!
Warlocks: Join us in the fire!
First Warlock: Come to us.
Second Warlock: Come to us.
First Warlock: Come.
Second Warlock: Come inside. Help us.
Charity: I'm afraid to go in.
Warlock: There's nothing to be afraid of.
Second Warlock: You want to know the fate of your family and friends,
don't you?
Charity: Yes, I want to know.
Warlock: We will tell you of the great danger your aunt and uncle face
in their marriage.
Charity: I thought they were through the bad times.
Warlock: There is more to come.
Second Warlock: Much more. Things that will tear them apart.
Third Warlock: Come into the cave and we will tell you everything.
Charity: Why can't you tell me from here?
Warlock: No one else can know. Only you.
Second Warlock: Only you have the power to help us.
Third Warlock: Draw closer, and we will tell you everything.
First Warlock: Everything.
Third Warlock: Closer.
First Warlock: Charity.
Charity: No. Please, no. No.
Warlock: Charity's here.
Second Warlock: She will help us, and then --
Warlocks: She and her friends will die! [Warlocks laugh]
Timmy: But the warlocks' scepter is Timmy and tabby's only hope. If
princess doesn't do something fast, then Norma will come back and cook
Timmy and tabby for dinner!
Tabitha: Well, I don't think she'll eat us. On second thought, I
wouldn't count on that.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't want to be boiled, broiled, baked, or roasted.
Timmy's happy at room temperature.
Tabitha: All right. You've convinced me. There's nothing for it but to
do it.
Timmy: Then princess will use the scepter to help Timmy and tabby
escape?
Tabitha: I'll try. Let's just hope I don't explode into a thousand
pieces the instant I touch it.
Timmy: Timmy hopes so, too.
&nbsp;Miguel: Maybe she tripped and fell and she's lying unconscious
somewhere.
Reese: We've looked all around here, Miguel.
Miguel: Well, then, we'll look again! Are you with me or not?
Jessica: Of course we are.
Simone: Charity predicted we were all doomed, and I'm afraid she's
right.
Kay: Well, lots of Charity's predictions have been wrong.
Simone: Well, I'm afraid this one is not going to be wrong.
Kay: Simone, would you just stop it? Nothing's going to happen to any
of us. We're just -- we're going to get rescued soon enough, just not
until Miguel realizes that I'm the girl he loves.
Simone: You just --
Kay: Later. I got to go check on my man.
Simone: I hope this obsession of yours doesn't kill all of us, Kay.

Warlocks: It's time, Charity! First, you'll help us, and then you'll
die! First, you'll help us, and then you'll die! First, you'll help us,
and then you'll die! First, you'll help us, and then you'll die!

Julian: Trust me. I have Rebecca wrapped around my little finger. Once
I tell her that I'm married to Theresa, she'll just have to accept it.
Perhaps I'll even award her a condolence prize and let her be my sometimes
mistress. [Julian laughs]
Bruce: Ho-ho-ho-ho. You know, I don't know whether you are deluded or
the most arrogant son of a gun that i have ever met. But Rebecca Hotchkiss
doesn't seem to me the condolence-prize type, not when she's been counting
on becoming the next Mrs. Julian Crane after you finally legally
extricated yourself from ivy.
Julian: Well, then, she should have trotted herself down here a bit
sooner, don't you think -- early bird catches the worm and all that?
Bruce: Hmm, you got that one right. Theresa sure caught herself some
worm.
Julian: You're just jealous because I'm married to the most delectable
little morsel around. It's about time my luck changed. I've had a bad year
of it, you know?
Bruce: What, do you mean finding out Ethan wasn't really your son?
Julian: Well, that and a few other family matters. But that's all
changed now. I'm starting to get that Crane swagger back in my step.
Marrying Theresa's going to be the beginning of a brand-new life for me.

Theresa: That is mine! Give it back to me!
Rebecca: Forget it, Theresa!
Bruce: Well, it sounds like your new wife and your ex-fiancée are
having a bit of a tiff. You better get yourself over there.
Rebecca: I can't wait to see this mysterious photo.
Gwen: Don't, mother.
Rebecca: Why on earth not? Aren't you curious to see what Theresa's
been trying so hard to hide from us?
Gwen: No, not if it's pictures of her marrying Ethan. I can't -- I
can't look at pictures of their wedding.
Julian: What is going on? I can hear you ladies all the way across the
lobby.
Whitney: Rebecca over here stole Theresa's personal property right out
of her hands.
Rebecca: I just want to see what's in this envelope. My guess -- it's a
photo of her wedding to Ethan.
Bruce: Well, it's not bloody likely. They didn't get married.
Gwen: Are you sure?
Bruce: Po-- po-- positive.
Rebecca: Well, I -- I was so certain. Well, if that's not what the
picture's of, then what is it?
Julian: Well, I don't understand what all the fuss is about. Just take
it out and look at it, why don't you?
Rebecca: Thank you, Julian. I knew you'd take my side in this.

Ethan: Luis!
Chad: Luis, hold on! We'll find you! It doesn't look good, man.
Ethan: I know. But we got to keep looking. Wait! Look!
Chad: Where?
Ethan: Look over there. There's something floating in the water! Luis!
Luis!
Chad: Ethan, wait!

Timmy: Princess?
Tabitha: Yes?
Timmy: Can Timmy open his eyes now?
Tabitha: Yes, Timmy. I believe you can. Oh! I'm all right! Nothing
happened, Timmy!
Timmy: Yeah! Tabitha lives! Tabitha lives! Now Tabitha can use the
scepter to help Timmy and tabby escape before Norma comes back. Tabitha,
cast the spell to end all spells!
Tabitha: I'll do my best, lad.

Reese: Yo, Norma. Where you going to?
Norma: Oh -- I just thought I'd check the surrounding area again, see
if there's any sign of the blonde girl.
Reese: Well, thanks, but we've already checked this area pretty well.
How about you stick close?
Norma: Uh --
Reese: We don't want anybody else getting lost.
Norma: Sure. Oh, I'm sorry, father. I know you don't want to hear
another lame excuse. [As father] ah, don't be so hard on yourself,
buttercup. You'll kill Timmy and Tabitha when the opportunity presents
itself. I have complete faith in you! [Normal voice] well, thank you,
father. You don't know how much having your trust means to me. I won't let
you down, I promise.

Miguel: Charity!
Kay: Miguel, we'll find her. Ok? I know we will.
Miguel: Thanks, Kay. I hope you're right.
Reese: Hey -- I know you guys think I'm whacked about Tabitha, but
you've got to admit, there is something weird going on around here.
Miguel: Yeah, well, what's that got to do with Tabitha?
Reese: Doesn't anyone else find it a little peculiar that Tabitha comes
up missing at the same time that we can't find Charity? I'm telling you,
that woman is a witch.
Simone: I never took you seriously before, Reese, but maybe you're
right. I mean, so many strange things have been happening since we've been
here.
Reese: Including Charity's premonitions getting stronger.
Simone: That's what I keep trying to tell Kay.
Kay: And I keep trying to tell you not to be such a nervous Nellie.
Charity has premonitions all the time. A lot of them aren't even true,
right, Miguel?
Miguel: Not all of them, you know, but I'm really worried about the
ones she's been having here, especially since she's lost.
Kay: Well, that could just be a coincidence. I mean, she could just be
conjuring --
Miguel: Well, what's that? It's a piece of Charity's shirt. Look, she's
got to be around here somewhere. Charity! Charity, where are you?

Warlocks: You will help us, Charity. You will help us achieve our ends.
You will help us, Charity. You will help us achieve our ends. You will
help us, Charity. You will help us achieve our ends.

Whitney: Oh, give me that!
Rebecca: Well -- how dare you! You give me that!
Julian: What's the matter with all of you?
Whitney: Julian, there are pictures of you and Theresa getting married
in this envelope.
Julian: Good grief. I don't recall a photographer being at the
ceremony. Do you?
Theresa: Don't look at me! I mean, I don't even remember marrying you!
Whitney: Ok, it doesn't matter now. If Rebecca sees these, she's going
to know everything. You need to make sure Rebecca does not see the
pictures in these envelopes, Mr. Crane.
Rebecca: Thank you!
Whitney: Mr. Crane, get her!
Julian: Oh, what's the difference? She's going to find out sooner or
later anyway.

Chad: Ethan, wait! Wait! It's too rough!
Ethan: I got to see if Luis is still alive! Let's go! Look, I got to do
this for Theresa!
Chad: Ethan! Ethan!

Tabitha: Gargoyles and ghoul, weasel and mole, free Timmy and tabby
from this hellish hole! Oh, well. I knew it wouldn't work.
Timmy: Don't give up, princess. It's Timmy and tabby's only hope.
[Tabitha sighs]
Tabitha: Weapon of old, scepter of pain, let Timmy and Tabitha see home
once again! Oh, it's no use, Timmy. Oh, Norma's going to kill us.
Timmy: Try again, tabby, one more time. Timmy knows his princess can do
it.
Tabitha: If you insist. [Tabitha sighs]
Tabitha: Powers of evil, kibbles and bits, spares us our lives, get us
out of this pit!
Timmy: It worked, princess!
Tabitha: Oh!
Timmy: It worked!
Tabitha: Oh!
Timmy: Timmy and his princess will be saved!
Tabitha: Oh!

Norma: I'm getting nervous, father. I want to get back to Timmy and
Tabitha. [As father] don't rush off, Norma! You don't want the kids to
wonder where you're going. [Normal voice] yes, father. Oh -- I could
slowly slink away, then when I'm back at the pit, Timmy and Tabitha will
die a slow and painful death.

Miguel: Charity! Charity, where are you?
Reese: Hey, check this out.
Miguel: What is it?
Reese: This piece of Charity's shirt. It didn't just get snagged on the
rock. It's like -- it's like it's embedded in there.
Miguel: Let me see.
Reese: Weird, huh? How did this shirt get stuck like that?
Miguel: Look, what difference does it make? I just want to find her.
Charity! Charity!

Warlock: Charity has the power!
Second Warlock: Use your power to help us, Charity. Use your powers for
us.
Charity: I will help you. I will use my powers to help you.

Rebecca: Forget it, Theresa! I want to see what you've been hiding.
Bruce: What's in the envelope?
Julian: Wedding pictures of me and my lovely bride.
Bruce: Well, you don't want Rebecca to see those.
Julian: Well, why not? It'll spare me the unpleasantness of having to
break the news to her myself.
Bruce: No, no, wait, wait. I -- I don't think you've thought this
through properly. It's not like the broad gets dumped and you get on the
next available flight to avoid her wrath. The hurricane has made it
impossible for anyone to get off the island. Now, you might get stuck here
with your new wife and your scorned ex-fiancée for days to come.
Julian: Dear God, I hadn't considered that.
Bruce: Oh.
Julian: Uh -- Rebecca, perhaps you should reconsider. This is, after
all, Theresa's personal property.
Rebecca: You're doing it again. You're rushing to Theresa's defense.
What's going on here, Julian? I'm waiting, Julian. What's going on between
you and Theresa?

Chad: Ethan! Ethan!
Ethan: I'm over here! It's all right!
Chad: Ethan, could Luis still be alive?
Ethan: Oh, no!
Chad: Is he dead!
Ethan: He's gone! He's dead!





 &nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Friday 8/31/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="none">




 &nbsp;
Passions Update Friday 8/31/01

Proofread By  Elissia
Second warlock: Indeed!
Hank: Ivy has some nerve, hoping that Grace and Sam's marriage isn't
valid so she can make another play for Sam.
Pilar: Hank, in all fairness, I don't think Ivy came here knowing what
she would witness. She brought flowers to decorate the altar.
Eve: Pilar is right. I mean, Ivy couldn't have known that i was going
to try and jog Grace's memory by re-enacting what might have been her
wedding to David.
David: Excuse me, but that wasn't a &quot;what might have been&quot; my wedding
to Grace. That was a re-enactment of my wedding to Grace. We're married,
and it's high time you people accepted the fact that Grace is my wife.
Grace: What is Ivy doing here?
Sam: I have no idea.
Ivy: I overheard what went on inside, and I'm -- I'm really sorry that
it just made a bad situation worse.
Grace: Somehow I doubt that.
Ivy: Believe me, Grace. I know better than anyone else what a strong
marriage you and Sam have, and I'm sure that you can survive this
unexpected threat to your happiness.
Sam: Well, you got that right. Now, if you don't mind, I'd like some
time alone with my wife.
Ivy: Of course.
Sam: Grace, don't worry about Ivy. She's not our problem anymore. It's
Hastings. Now, you shouldn't believe a word he says.
Grace: What about the word of a priest, Sam? Father mike remembers
marrying David and me over 20 years ago. And by re-enacting the ceremony
like eve suggested, I actually had memories of our wedding.
Sam: Grace, you saw a flash of a man's arm, not David's face.
Grace: Sam, I had memories of a wedding other than ours!
Sam: Look, I know --
Grace: Isn't that enough?
Sam: Eve meant well, which --
Grace: Listen, just stop! The facts are there, Sam. You have to accept
them. I am -- I'm married to David Hastings. I'm David's wife.
Ivy: That's right, Grace. And soon Sam will be my husband.

Timmy: The spell tabby cast with the warlock scepters worked!
Tabitha: Oh, its power is incredible, Timmy! Maybe my spell did work.
Timmy: &quot;Maybe&quot;? Can tabby feel the wind? Timmy and tabby will be up,
up, and away before Norma comes back to bake them.

Miguel: Charity? Charity!

Norma: Oh. I'm getting nervous, father. I want to get back to Timmy and
Tabitha. [As father] don't rush off, buttercup. You don't want the kids to
wonder where you're going. [Normal voice] oh, yes, father. Oh. I could
slowly slink away. Then when I'm back at the pit, Timmy and Tabitha will
die a slow and painful death.

Miguel: I knew charity was just here, and finding this piece of her
shirt proves it.
Reese: But how did her shirt get stuck in the rock?
Jessica: I don't know. It looks like it's embedded in there, but that's
impossible.
Miguel: Look, what matters is that charity was just here. And we have
to find her. Charity?
Reese: Charity!
Miguel: Charity!

Simone: This is all your fault.
Kay: Is not. Charity just wandered off.
Simone: While you and Reese were supposedly watching her.
Kay: Well, what can i say? My cousin's a freak and a sneak.
Simone: No, Kay. You're the sneak. I know you purposely distracted
Reese while charity wandered off.
Kay: Uh-uh.
Simone: Uh-huh, because you think that story that Reese got off of the
internet is still going to come true -- that charity's going to die and
you're going to end up with Miguel.
Kay: Look, Simone, I haven't done anything wrong here and --
Simone: Yeah, right.
Kay: And I am sick and tired of you saying that it's my fault.
Simone: I just hope that you can live with yourself if your own cousin
dies.

Warlock: Charity, will you help us?
Charity: Yes, I'll do whatever you want.
Warlock: Free! First warlock: Free!
Warlocks: Free!

Rebecca: Julian, answer me. Why are you defending Theresa? Is there
something going on between you two?
Julian: I married Theresa?
Theresa: I married Mr.. Crane?
Bruce: Yep. And I was your witness. You see? The judge gave me the
marriage license for safekeeping since you two were so blotto. There it is
in black and white -- Mr.. And Mrs.. Julian Crane.
Theresa: Oh --
Rebecca: Julian, I'm your fiancée. Answer me. Did something happen
between you and Theresa that i should know about?
Bruce: Oh, this is a fine mess you've gotten yourself in, Julian. Let's
see you get out of it.

Chad: Luis is dead?
Ethan: What? I can't hear you!
Chad: Is he dead?
Ethan: He's gone! He's dead!
Timmy: Tabby's spell is working!
Tabitha: Oh.
Timmy: The wind's getting stronger!
Tabitha: Oh, maybe you're right, Timmy! Maybe the powers from this
warlock scepter will save us from our pitiful demise.

Miguel: Norma?
Norma: What?
Miguel: Do you see charity over there?
Norma: No -- I don't.
Miguel: Well, she's got to be around here somewhere. Will you keep
looking for her?
Norma: Oh, of course I'll keep looking.
Miguel: Thanks.
Norma: For a way to give you brats the slip! Oh. I was so close to
leaving, father. [As father] patience, buttercup. Timmy and Tabitha will
still be in the pit when you finally get away. You can cook them both
then. [Normal voice] oh. Norma's new England clambake. [Norma slurps]
Reese: Come take a look at this, Miguel. Really look at it. You see how
the fabric is embedded in the groove of the rock?
Miguel: Yeah.
Reese: It's like charity was walking through the rocks when -- bam! --
It closed behind her and caught a piece of her shirt.
Jessica: Exactly. That's what I said.
Miguel: Well, come on. I mean, how is that possible?
Reese: Well, I don't know, but when it comes to charity, stranger
things have happened.

Charity: What do you want from me?
Warlock: We want you to use your powers to help us!
Second warlock: To free us!
Third warlock: Without you, we are all doomed!

Rebecca: Well, what's going on with you and the little fajita?
Julian: Nothing, sweet cheeks. Now just give the envelope back to
Theresa.
Rebecca: Why? What's in it that you don't want me to see?

Whitney: Oh --
Theresa: Oh, my God.
Whitney: Well, there it is in living color, for the whole world to see.

Theresa: If anyone sees this and tells Ethan before I can confess it to
him, I'm dead.
Whitney: Theresa.
Theresa: Oh, my gosh, Whitney. If Rebecca sees that picture, she's
going to know that Julian and I are married, and then she and Gwen will
kill me.
Whitney: We just have to hope Mr.. Crane keeps Rebecca from looking
inside that envelope.

Bruce: If Julian doesn't, there'll be more fireworks in here than in
Boston harbor on the fourth of July.
Rebecca: Well, why don't you want me to see a simple photograph? What
harm could it possibly cause?

Chad: Are you sure he's dead?
Ethan: He's gone!
Chad: Oh, my God! I can't believe Luis is dead!

Hank: Stop saying that Grace is your wife. I've seen her with my
brother for over 20 years. Look. Look at these pictures. Grace and Sam
have a family together. Don't you see how much they're in love?
David: Grace and I were in love, too. Then she developed amnesia.
Hank: I'm sorry about that, but I still think you should leave Harmony
like you said you would. Let Grace be with Sam and their children.
Pilar: Hank is right. When a couple has a child together, they have a
bond that lasts forever.
Eve: Couldn't you just please respect that and leave before you cause
more heartache?
David: I came back to get the woman I love.
Eve: That woman doesn't exist anymore, David. Grace doesn't have any
memory of ever being that woman. All she remembers is being Sam's wife.
He's the only man that she remembers loving.
David: But what about Sam? Grace isn't the only woman he's ever loved.
You told me earlier that he loved Ivy, that they had a son together.
Eve: Yes, they do. Then their relationship ended and Sam met Grace.
David: The relationship ended. Why? Who broke it off, Sam or Ivy? Well?

Pilar: Ivy was tricked by her father into thinking that Sam didn't love
her anymore. Governor Winthrop wanted Ivy to marry Julian Crane so that
his father, Alistair, could help him keep the shipping business afloat.
David: So they were torn apart by circumstance, just like Grace and I
were.
Eve: I guess you could say that.
David: So Sam and Ivy were never able to have closure with one another.

Hank: What's your point?
David: That maybe deep down inside their love is still alive, like
Grace's love for me.
Ivy: Oh, the sooner that Sam can accept that Grace is married to David,
the sooner he'll be free and we can start the life we should've started
years ago.
Sam: I refuse to believe that you're Hastings' wife. Now, my instincts
as a cop tell me he's nothing but a liar. I wish he'd never come to
Harmony, that he'd been killed in one of those faraway photography shoots.

Grace: My God. Sam, don't say such things -- that you wish that
somebody was dead? I mean, this is not David's fault. He came to Harmony
looking for the woman he married 20 years ago. He hasn't lied to us.
Everything he said is proven to be true.
Sam: Grace, why are you defending him?
Grace: I am not defending David. I'm defending the evidence.
Sam: Look, I won't accept it. Hastings is a liar. Grace, i can feel it.

Grace: I'm sorry, Sam. I don't think he's a liar. I think he's -- he's
admirable. He's trying to save our marriage.
Sam: Damn it, Grace, you and David don't have a marriage! Grace, you're
my wife, and I won't let anyone take you away from me.
Rebecca: What is in this envelope, Julian?
Julian: Would you just give it to Theresa?
Rebecca: What is going on here? Why are you siding with the maid's
daughter? Am i not still your fiancée? Am i not still wearing your
engagement ring?
Julian: Yes, you're still wearing my engagement ring, but give the
bloody envelope back to Theresa. Why do you care what's in it anyway?
Theresa: Mr. Crane is right. Why do you care what's in it?
Rebecca: I do not like your tone, Theresa.
Theresa: You know, I can't believe that you are carrying on about an
envelope when Ethan, Luis, and Chad are at sea in a hurricane looking for
Sheridan!
Gwen: Get off your high horse, Theresa! If anything happens to Ethan,
I'm holding you personally responsible.
Theresa: Me, Gwen?
Gwen: Yes. You claim that you love him, and yet you let him put himself
in harm's way out in this stupid storm.
Theresa: I told you, I tried to stop him, but Ethan did what he wanted
to.
Julian: Ladies, would you just -- please, just calm down. It pains me
to say it, but I -- I think that you should prepare yourselves for the
inevitable.
Gwen: What do you mean?
Julian: That's a massive storm out there. The hurricane is huge. Some
are calling it the perfect storm. I mean, I'm sorry to say it, but I
believe that Ethan is already dead, as Chad and Luis must be.
Gwen: No.
Theresa: Ethan and Luis aren't dead!
Whitney: And neither is Chad, Julian.
Theresa: They are still alive, Whitney. I know it.

Chad: Luis is dead?
Ethan: No. It's basil.
Chad: If there's still a chance that Luis is still alive, we got to
find him.
Ethan: Yeah. Wait! Look, over there! Hurry! We got to get to him before
he goes down!
Chad: Luis!

Tabitha: It's working!
Timmy: The spell's working! [Wind dies]
Tabitha: Oh, sugar and spice. My spell didn't work after all.
Timmy: Try another one, tabby. Timmy and tabby have to get out of here
before Norma gets back.
Tabitha: &quot;Oh, ancient scepter of the warlocks, hear my plea. Help this
witch and this doll from Norma flee!&quot;
Timmy: And hurry, too, because Norma gives evil a bad name!

Miguel: You really think charity passed through here somehow?
Reese: That's exactly what i think. It's as if this were some sort of
secret cave entrance that opened up and then closed behind charity.
Jessica: No, no, no. Look, look, look, this is solid rock. There's no
opening, so --
Reese: None that we can see.
Miguel: I agree with Reese. All right, this has got to be some kind of
secret entrance. Now, how else would a piece of charity's shirt get caught
in what looks like solid rock? We've just got to find a way to pry it
open. Norma. Norma? Hey, could we use your ax to pry this rock apart?
Norma: Fudge! I was almost out of here.
Miguel: Hey. Thanks.
Norma: He took my ax, daddy. Oh, I feel so small and vulnerable without
it. [As father] don't worry, sweet pea. Miguel hitting your ax against the
rock wall will sharpen it even more. When you do get to Timmy and Tabitha,
you'll slice through them like butter! [Normal voice] mmm. Butter.
Miguel: Charity? Charity!

Charity: Before I help you, you have to help me warn Theresa, Sheridan,
and Luis that they're in danger.
Warlock: It's too late. They're all doomed.
Charity: No!
Warlock: See for yourself.
Charity: No! Please, no!
Warlock: It's all over for your friends, charity. They're all doomed!

Theresa: Ethan, Luis, and Chad are alive.
Whitney: Of course they are, Julian.
Gwen: How could you even think that anything has happened to them?
Julian: I'm sorry. I'm just being realistic, that's all.
Theresa: Ethan is ok. And as soon as he gets back, we are going to get
married. Do you understand? Ethan and Luis and Chad -- they are all alive.
They have to be.

Ethan: Luis, hold on!
Chad: Hold on!
Ethan: No!
Luis: Finally.
Ethan: Look, if we all stick together, we'll get through this.
Luis: Sheridan! Where's Sheridan?
Ethan: We'll find her.
Chad: Oh, my God.
Ethan: Oh, no.

Hank: Sam feels nothing for Ivy now. He loves Grace.
David: So -- so what about this Ivy woman? Dr. Russell seemed to get
angry earlier when she saw that Ivy was here. You said she wanted to sink
her talons back into Sam. I can only take that to mean that she still has
feelings for the guy.
Eve: Yes, she does. Ivy's made no secret of that.
David: You seem to know Ivy best.
Pilar: Yes. We go back a long way.
David: As far back as when she and Sam were together?
Pilar: Mm-hmm, yes.
David: How was their love?
Pilar: I will not lie to you, Mr.. Hastings. Sam and Ivy's love was as
sweet as it was passionate. They were very young and they were sure that
they had found their soul mates. Their love was powerful, intense,
all-consuming, and to see them together so blissfully -- it took my breath
away.
David: Sounds like they had something really special.
Pilar: Yes, they did.
Hank: But it's over. Sam and Grace are together. They have a family.
Pilar: Hank is right.
David: But Sam and Ivy were a couple first, just like Grace and I were.

Eve: Well, like hank said, Sam and Grace have children together.
David: You know, you people keep harping on the fact that Sam and Grace
had children together. That children alone should validate their marriage.
Well, what about Sam and Ivy? They have a son together. Maybe they should
be getting married and stay together, which would free up Grace to be with
her first love -- her one and only true husband.
Grace: Sam, you say you won't let anybody take me away from you, but
the truth is i may not be yours to being with.
Sam: Grace --
Grace: The evidence shows that I'm married to David.
Sam: I don't give a damn about the evidence, Grace.
Grace: A priest remembered marrying David and me in front of the eyes
of God. David is only doing what any man who's totally lost his wife would
do. He's fighting every way he can to get me back.
Sam: Why are you defending him?
Grace: I am just -- I'm saying that David is doing what he thinks is
right, like you would if you thought you lost your wife.
Sam: Grace, why are you talking about yourself in the third person?
You're my wife, and nothing Hastings says will change that.
Grace: It's not just what David says. It's court documents, it's church
documents, it's the word of a priest. Sam, he has a mountain of evidence
behind him, and it's time you started taking it seriously. I might not
legally be your wife.
Ivy: Oh, music to my ears. Soon Sam will be mine.

Julian: I'm -- I'm only trying to be realistic when it comes to the
watery grave that has no doubt claimed Ethan, Luis, and Chad. My intent is
not to upset anyone.
Bruce's voice: Forget the tearful trio, Julian. Rebecca will be more
than upset when she sees that picture of you and Theresa saying &quot;I do.&quot;
Julian: Rebecca, dear, it's tense enough waiting for word on the fate
of Sheridan's would-be rescue without you and Theresa fighting over some
silly envelope, so I insist you give it back to her.
Rebecca: Not until I know why Theresa doesn't want me to see it.
Whitney: Oh, give me this!
Rebecca: Oh! How rude!
Whitney: You want rude, why don't you look in the mirror?
Gwen: Hey, how dare you talk to my mother --
Whitney: Oh, shut up, Gwen, before I shut you up! You know, I am so
tired of you two rich bitches attacking Theresa all the time. I mean, just
because you have money, you think you can treat people like third-world
citizens? This is Theresa's property, and you know what? Whatever's in
this envelope -- it's her business, not yours. And you know what? If I
ever see you two give Theresa a hard time about Ethan or anything else, I
will personally make you two dogs ride out this hurricane tied to a tree
on the beach! Understand? Come on, Theresa.

Ethan: Come on!
Chad: Let's move! Let's move!
Luis: It's too late!

Tabitha: &quot;Oh, ancient scepter, lost but now found, carry out my spell
this time around. Grant this witch the power she lacks. Free the doll and
me before Norma attacks!&quot; Oh, blast it. The warranty on this thing must've
run out 100 years ago. There's no power left in it at all.
Timmy: It has to work. Charity could be in more danger from the
warlocks. Timmy and tabby have to escape Norma so Timmy can save his true
love.
Tabitha: Believe me, if the warlocks have got miss goody gumdrop,
there's nothing you or anyone else can do to help her. Your true love is
toast.
Timmy: No! Not as long as Timmy has a breath in his body.
Tabitha: Hmm. Hot air, more like it.
Timmy: Timmy will show his princess. Timmy will find another way out.

Miguel: Charity!
Kay: Miguel, you're never going to get through that. It's solid rock.
Miguel: Look, I have to, Kay. We have to get to charity.

Charity: Theresa, Ethan, Sheridan, Luis, and Chad -- they can't all be
doomed. They can't be!
Warlock: They are, and what has happened to them cannot be undone.
Charity: Well -- well, what about Miguel and my friends and Tabitha?
Are they all doomed?
Charity: No! Please, no! They can't all die!
Warlock: Then help us, charity!
Second warlock: If you help us, we can help you to save the people you
care about.
Charity: All right, all right. What can I do to help you? [Warlock
chuckles]

Rebecca: Oh. I cannot believe the way that girl spoke to us, Julian.
You go right over there and put her in her place.
Julian: Just let it go, Rebecca. We're all under a lot of stress.
Rebecca: &quot;Let it go&quot;? What is going on here? First you're defending
Theresa, now you're defending her friends?
Julian: I'll go get you and Gwen a drink. Obviously, you could both use
one.
Bruce: Boy, you're a smooth operator, old chap. Rebecca has no idea how
close she came to finding out that her fiancé is another woman's husband.
Julian: All of this could've been avoided if you'd have stopped me from
marrying Theresa.
Bruce: But a couple of minutes ago you were happy to have a young wife.
Now you're blaming me.
Julian: Yeah, you're right. Bound to be a few tense moments ahead, but
the bottom line is Theresa will make a delectable bride for years to come.
Rebecca will just have to accept the fact that she came in second -- a
distant second.
Bruce: You are one heartless hound dog.
Julian: Woof, woof.
Bruce: Listen, you better hope that Ethan and Luis do not come back, or
you're dog food.
Julian: Given the fury of this storm, I doubt we'll ever see them
again. Luis and Ethan are gone for good.

Rebecca: I wonder what's up with Julian.
Gwen: Well, he probably found some island wildflower to pluck, and your
showing up here unannounced has ruined his -- ahem -- gardening plans.
Rebecca: You're probably right. He can have all the dalliances he
wants, as long as i get the money, name, and power of being Mrs.. Julian
Crane. Just wish I understood why he was defending Theresa. There's that
justice of the peace, the one I saw talking to Theresa earlier. I bet he
knows what's up with that photo.
Gwen: Forget about that, mother.
Rebecca: No, Gwen, I can't. There is something strange going on with
Julian, Theresa, and maybe even Ethan. Now, I don't know what it is, but
I'm going to find out.
Gwen: How? Don't justices of the peace take some sort of, like,
confidentiality agreement, like doctors and priests and stuff?
Rebecca: Well, what if he has? Gwen, I have two fabulous reasons that
always override any confidentiality oath.
Gwen: Like what?
Rebecca: Watch mama work.

Theresa: I can't believe how you tore into Gwen and Rebecca. I mean, I
didn't know that you had it in you.
Whitney: Well, neither did I, I guess. But I guess the nerve of those
two, you know, just finally made me snap.
Theresa: Well, I love the part about tying them to a tree in the storm.
That was good.
Whitney: Thank you.
Theresa: The thought of it distracted me from worrying about Ethan and
Luis and Chad for a while.
Whitney: Theresa, I have to admit I'm really worried about Chad.
Theresa: Are you still thinking that you two could be a couple?
Whitney: Maybe. I mean, maybe I did misjudge Simone. Maybe she would
understand.
Theresa: Even Simone can't ignore a clue like your coming to Bermuda
with Chad.
Whitney: Yeah. I don't know. I just really hope Chad, Ethan, and Luis
come home soon.
Theresa: Please, God, bring our loved ones back to us.
Whitney: Amen.

Chad: Ethan! Luis! Ethan! Come on, come on! Oh, no.
Hank: Sam wants nothing to do with Ivy. He loves Grace. They have a
rock-solid marriage.
David: I hate having to say this, but you people leave me no choice.
What none of you seem to understand is that my marriage to Grace is the
only one that matters. It is a legal and sacred union recognized by both
state and church, and it is the only legal union that Grace is a party to.

Hank: What's your point?
David: Since Grace and I were married in a church in a ceremony
recognized by the state, Grace's marriage to Sam is invalid and illegal.
We are husband and wife and that's it. There's nothing you can do about
it.
Hank: Well, what happened to you leaving Harmony? To letting Grace and
Sam live in peace?
David: Grace is starting to remember her feelings for me. I have a
chance to win her back, and that's exactly what I'm going to do.
Eve: Oh, no.
Pilar: You cannot be serious.
David: Grace is my wife. I love her and she loves me. She just can't
bring herself to admit it yet.
Hank: Dream on, Hastings.
David: No, Hank. You and your friends wake up. Because as great as
Grace's love is for Sam -- and I see how great it is -- her love for me
was greater.
Sam: I can't believe how you're defending this guy after all the pain
he's caused us.
Grace: Sam, can't you see that this isn't David's fault? All he's done
is told us the truth.
Sam: You mean he hasn't been caught in a lie yet.
Grace: He hasn't lied, Sam. Everything he said has proven to be true.
David -- he just wants to rekindle a love we had -- a love that brought us
together in marriage, a love that lasted over 20 years, even though he
didn't know what had happened to me. A love that brought him back from
overseas because -- because he saw my picture in a magazine.
Sam: Grace, the way you were talking just now, it's as -- it's as if
you -- you have feelings for David?
Ivy: You're right, Sam. It did sound like that.
Sam: Grace, you were so passionate about David just now. I mean, it's
like -- it's like you're starting to remember that you once had feelings
for this guy? Grace? Honey, you're not saying anything. Am i right? Are
you starting to remember that you once had feelings for David Hastings?

Timmy: Timmy has to rest. If the warlocks have Charity, she's going to
have to hold them off for a while. What's that light coming from? Timmy
thinks the warranty on the scepter is still good.
Tabitha: Why is that, inspector gadget?
Timmy: Look!
Tabitha: Oh! Uh-oh.

Kay: What now?
Simone: Zip it!
Norma: Oh, first chance i get, I'm out of here! Timmy and Tabitha are
dying for me to get back.
Miguel: Look, we've got to find a way to split this rock open. Reese,
look, i need you to find a log or something to wedge in here.
Reese: One wedge coming up.
Simone: Look at Miguel trying to get to charity. He won't let anything
stop him. That's what real love is, Kay, not you plotting and scheming to
try to get him into bed.
Kay: Simone, my wanting to sleep with him is only a part of it. I
really do love him.
Simone: But he doesn't love you, Kay. He loves charity.
Kay: Well, charity's going to be gone soon, so Miguel won't have her to
love. But I'll be here. Miguel and I are supposed to be together, I just
know it.

Charity: Do you promise that my friends and I will be safe if I help
you?
Warlock: Oh, yes.
Second warlock: Oh, yes.
Third warlock: Yes, we promise.
Charity: All right. What do I have to do?
Warlock: We need your powers to help us destroy the horrible witch who
trapped us on this island centuries ago.
Charity: A witch? What witch?
Charity: Tabitha?
Charity: Tabitha?

Man: May I have everyone's attention, please?
Man: We've just received word that the rescue boat went down.
Theresa: Oh, God.
Man: I'm sorry, but none of the men survived.
Gwen: Oh --
Theresa: Ethan and Luis and Chad -- they can't be gone, Whitney. They
can't.












  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Monday 9/3/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="none">




 &nbsp;
 Monday 9/3/01

Proofread By  Elissia
Tabitha: No, no, Timmy, don't touch it!
Timmy: Why is it glowing? Tabby said it had no powers.
Tabitha: Yes. Well, I thought it was too old, but obviously, I was
wrong. There are still powers in that scepter, which means it's still
dangerous.
Timmy: But why? Because it belongs to the warlocks?
Tabitha: Yes. The warlocks have incredible powers, Timmy. And they're
also very unpredictable. You just don't know when they could strike.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't see any warlocks. Maybe it's just getting warmed
up.
Tabitha: Warmed up? That thing is fiery hot.
Timmy: Well, if tabby doesn't cast a spell and get Timmy and tabby out
of here, Norma's going to come back and kill Timmy and tabby.
Tabitha: Oh -- ooh. I'm sorry, Timmy, but if I touch that scepter, then
you and I could both be badly burned.
Norma: Ooh! I'm sorry, father, but I cannot leave my ax with that kid.
I need it to kill Tabitha and her stupid little friend. [As father]
patience, buttercup. I'm sure Miguel will soon give up trying to open that
rock with your ax. [Normal voice] well, I hope so because I need to get
back to that pit and finish them off. Oh, Timmy and Tabitha are so dead.

Jessica: I still don't see how Charity could've been swallowed up by a
rock.
Miguel: Look, she has to be in here, Jessica. All right, you see this
piece of cloth? It's from Charity's shirt.
Reese: I still think she walked through there and it closed behind her.

Jessica: Oh, rocks don't do that, Reese! You know, and people can't
pass through rocks. It just doesn't make any sense.
Reese: Well, neither do a lot of things that happen to Charity.
Miguel: I agree with Reese. All right, there's so many things we can't
explain. Look, and all I know is I think Charity's in here. And she could
be in danger. [Miguel pounds ax]
Miguel: Charity!
Simone: You're still hoping that that legend that Reese told you about
is going to come true -- that Charity's going to die and you're going to
end up with Miguel.
Kay: Can I help it if a legend comes true?
Simone: That's just it, Kay. It's not going to come true because Miguel
will never give up trying to find Charity. You and Miguel will never be
together. Never.
Kay: That is a lie. Miguel will love me, Simone. I know it.
Miguel: Charity! I know you're in there. Hold on, I'm coming! Ah!

Charity: Tabitha Lenox is the witch that trapped you on this island?
Warlock: Yes! Tabitha Lenox -- she's the witch.
Second warlock: And now you must help us, Charity.
Third warlock: You must help us free ourselves from this island.
Charity: How?
Warlock: There's only one way.
Second warlock: Only one way to free us.
Third warlock: You must destroy Tabitha Lenox.

Theresa: No! You can't be right. I mean, there is a mistake.
Man: I'm sorry. There's no mistake. The boat that went out to search
for Sheridan Crane went down. There were no survivors.
Gwen: No. Ethan.
Theresa: Oh, my brother. Luis -- I mean, they're dead?
Whitney: I don't believe it, either. I mean, Chad is not dead.
Man: I'm very sorry for your loss, ladies. Now if you'll excuse me.
Gwen: Oh, God. First I lost Sheridan, now Ethan. This can't be
happening, mother. It just -- it can't be.
Rebecca: Oh, Gwen, I'm so sorry. It's just too terrible.

Julian: Did you hear that? They're all dead -- Ethan, Luis --
Bruce: Try not to look so devastated, Julian. Your sister was lost,
too.
Julian: Yes, yes, I'm -- I'm very moved by my poor sister's passing,
but you realize what this means? Now that Ethan is dead, there's nothing
to keep me from being with my lovely bride, Theresa.
Bruce: What about your fiancée? Won't Rebecca have something to say
about your being married to Theresa?
Julian: Well, she won't be happy, but all she can do is make a lot of
noise and be annoying. On the other hand, if Luis and Ethan were still
alive, if they found out I married Theresa, they'd kill me.
Bruce: Kill you? Aren't you being a bit melodramatic, Julian?
Julian: Hmm, trust me -- I don't choose those words casually. At any
rate, they're dead and gone. There's nothing to stop me from enjoying my
new, young, and beautiful bride.

Theresa: They can't be gone. My brother and Ethan.
Whitney: Chad.

Tabitha: Look!
Timmy: See? This means the scepter still has lots of powers in it. If
Timmy can harness those powers, he can get Timmy and tabby out of this
pit.
Tabitha: No. Timmy, you don't understand the power of the scepter, or
the power of the warlocks. Anyone who gets involved with them is in grave
danger.
Timmy: That means Charity's in danger. Tabby said that Charity was in a
trance because of the warlocks.
Tabitha: Yes, well, that's my guess. And if it's true, we better steer
clear of her.
Timmy: No. Timmy loves Charity. That's even more of a reason for Timmy
and tabby to get out of this pit -- so Timmy can save Charity's life.
Tabitha: Oh, well, why don't we just worry about saving our own lives,
all right?
Timmy: Yeah, and when Norma comes back, she's going to bake Timmy and
tabby like clams!
Tabitha: Yeah, right. So start digging.
Timmy: Timmy still thinks he should use the scepter. He used the magic
wand in Hecuba's cave and it worked.
Tabitha: Yes, well, that was a very different thing. That scepter is
not at all like Hecuba's wand.
Timmy: Tabitha, look! The scepter wants Timmy to use it.
Tabitha: No, no, no, no, Timmy! You mustn't touch it. It'll be the end
of us both if you do.
[Miguel grunts]
Simone: I can't stop thinking about Charity's premonition that we're
all going to die here on this island. She said we were all doomed.
Kay: Simone, please. I told you Charity's a freak, ok? Nothing's going
to happen to any of us. We're not in danger -- nobody is except for maybe
Charity herself.

Charity: This must be wrong. Tabitha can't be a witch.
Warlock: She is a witch.
Second warlock: She trapped us here on this island hundreds of years
ago.
Charity: This is unbelievable.
Warlock: You must help us. You must destroy her.
Charity: I can't. Tabitha's my next-door neighbor. She's a harmless old
woman, a family friend.
Warlock: She is evil! You must help us.
Charity: I can't! I won't!
Warlock: Then you leave us no choice.
Second warlock: If you do not destroy Tabitha Lenox, then you and all
your friends must die.

Whitney: This is just unbelievable. I mean, they're all dead?
Theresa: No. No, I don't believe it. I won't! Captain, how do you know
that they're dead? I mean, did you see the boat go down? Did someone see
their bodies?
Captain: Nobody actually saw it happen. But the boat has disappeared
from the radar screen.
Gwen: So they could still be out there trying to survive?
Theresa: Have you sent a plane or a boat to find them?
Captain: We're in the midst of a violent hurricane. We can't risk other
lives.
Gwen: But you can't say that -- that our friends are dead for sure?
Captain: Our hurricane plane spotted bodies floating near the point
where the boat was last seen on the radar. I'm sorry, ladies, but your
friends did not survive.
Theresa: No. No, they are alive. They -- I won't believe that they're
dead! Ethan is alive and so are Luis and Chad! They have to be!

[Ethan coughs]
Ethan: Luis! Luis!
Ethan: Chad!
Chad: Ethan! Oh, thank God. Oh -- is he dead?
Ethan: No.
Chad: We got to find something to hang on to, man.
Luis: Hey -- did we find Sheridan?
Ethan: No, Luis.
Chad: It's a miracle we're still alive.
Ethan: We need to find something, some driftwood.
Chad: If we don't find something soon, we're dead!

Bruce: Ahem -- Julian? Uh -- yeah -- uh, pardon me for trying to inject
a bit of reality into this, but aren't you getting a little bit ahead of
yourself, old bean?
Julian: What do you mean?
Bruce: Well, I mean, if Ethan and Luis aren't dead, I mean, what makes
you think Theresa wants to stay married to you? I mean, you can see she's
devastated by the death of Ethan.
Julian: Well, I suppose that's only natural.
Bruce: Sure, she's in love with the boy, Julian. I mean, she's
desperately trying to believe that he's still alive. She's not exactly
rushing to your arms for comfort.
Julian: She will, dear boy, and once she does, I'll work that old Crane
magic, and before you know it, she'll be unable to resist me.

Theresa: It's not true. That's all. I mean, they're going to be found,
all of them.
Whitney: Right. We have to pray. Come on.
Gwen: That army captain had no right to say such things, especially
without proof. Julian, can't you do something?
Julian: Do something?
Gwen: Yeah. I mean, you have all the money in the world. Can't you
force them to send out a new search party to find Ethan?
Julian: How can I put other people's lives at risk? Ethan chose to put
out to sea in this storm.
Gwen: Yes, to find your sister. What is wrong with you, Julian? Ethan
was your son, or at least you thought he was your son. Why don't you want
to find him?
Julian: I would give anything in the world if he were found alive, but
it -- it's hopeless.
Gwen: No, it's not hopeless! Why do you act as though you don't want
him to be found? Why, Julian? Why do you want Ethan to be dead?
Julian: Oh.

Charity: Please don't hurt my friends. I can't let them die.
Warlock: You have seen the future through your powers, Charity.
Second warlock: The future of your friends. Remember?
Charity: Yes, I remember. I saw that before.
Warlock: You saw so many other things, too, didn't you, Charity?
Second warlock: And they will come true if you don't help us.
Third warlock: Help us, Charity. Use your powers to help us.
First warlock: Help set us free.

Tabitha: No, no, no, Timmy, don't.
Timmy: Timmy had to tell princess he knows he can cast a spell that can
get Timmy and tabby out of this pit.
Tabitha: No, Timmy, you can't. It's too dangerous.
Timmy: Timmy can't stand it! He has to save his princess and Charity.
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy. Timmy!
Timmy: See, princess? Nothing happened. [Tabitha screams]

Gwen: Your fiancé is behaving so strangely. Why is he refusing to help
find Ethan?
Rebecca: I don't know, but I agree. He's being very, very strange. I
think -- I think something happened on this island before we arrived.
Gwen: Oh, yeah? Like what?
Rebecca: I don't know, but it is so weird that Julian actually defended
Theresa when she was refusing to show me that photo she was hiding.
Gwen: Well, we know it wasn't a photo of Ethan and Theresa getting
married because Julian's friend said it didn't happen.
Rebecca: So what was the photo all about?
Gwen: I don't know. All I know is that Theresa sent Ethan out in that
storm, and I want him back.
Rebecca: Oh. I know. So do I. But I just can't shake the feeling that
something happened here on this island before we arrived and it affects
me.
Rebecca: I'm going to talk to that justice of the peace. I bet he knows
what was going on here before we got here.
Gwen: What's he going to be able to tell you?
Rebecca: I don't know. But I am going to use all of my God-given
talents to get the truth out of that man, whatever it is.

Tabitha: Timmy! Oh, Timmy. Timmy, Timmy! You're all right?
Timmy: Yeah.
Tabitha: Oh.
Timmy: Timmy told you it'd be ok.
Tabitha: Oh. But it won't be ok. Put that damn scepter down before
something else happens. It's too dangerous.
Timmy: No. The scepter was just proving to Timmy that it still has
powers.
Tabitha: You just be careful what you wish for because its powers won't
necessarily do us any good.
Timmy: Timmy's going to try a spell, ok? Get us out of this pit before
Norma comes back to chop us to bits.
Timmy: Maybe the spell wasn't witchy enough.
Timmy: Ah. Fire and brimstones, toads to the max, get us away from
Norma's big ax!
Tabitha: All right, all right. It's obvious that the scepter isn't
going to help us. The only way we're going to get out of here is to dig
our way out of here. Now, come on, help me.
Timmy: Timmy knows the scepter still has powers in it. He knows it.

[Miguel grunts]
Miguel: I think I'm getting it. Ah!
Jessica: Oh, my God! Miguel, are you all right?
Kay: Miguel! Are you ok? You're bleeding.
Miguel: I'm all right, Kay. Look, I have to keep trying to get to
Charity. [Miguel pounds ax]
Kay's voice: You can forget about Charity, Miguel. After she's gone,
you'll be all mine.

Warlock: You know your powers.
Charity: All my visions are true?
Warlock: All true.
Charity: But what about Sheridan and Luis and Theresa? I saw them all
in danger.
Warlock: See for yourself.
Charity: It's a funeral for Sheridan. Where's Luis?
Warlock: You know the answer, Charity.
Second warlock: He's gone, too.

Chad: Where's Luis?
Ethan: No!
Chad: Luis!
Ethan: Luis!
Chad: Luis!

Reese: Now, according to this, there is a cave back there, and the entrance
should be right about where that groove is that got Charity's shirt.
Miguel: I know Charity's back here, Kay. All right, she's trapped
behind this rock. There must have been some kind of landslide or
something, and these rocks were fused together. There's got to be a way to
crack this thing open. Come on.

Warlock: Keep watching, Charity.
Second warlock: Your powers will show you more of the future.
Charity: There's Theresa. She's all right. She's married to Ethan and
she's -- she's rich.
Warlock: Things are not always as they seem.
Charity: I -- I don't understand. Who was the man touching Theresa?
Warlock: Your powers will show you eventually. But if you want to see
more now, you must help us.
Charity: I want to know more about me and Miguel. Show me our future.
Warlock: You do not want to see this, Charity.
Charity: Why not?
Warlock: You do not want to see!
Charity: Oh. I get it. Because Miguel and I are going to have a
wonderful future. Isn't that it?
Warlock: Help us and you will see your future.
Charity: I want to see it now.
Warlock: All right. You may see. But we warned you.

Rebecca: I am just so fascinated by what you do. Running a 24-hour
wedding chapel. You must meet so many, many couples in love.
Justice of the peace: Oh, yes indeed. I meet all sorts of couples.
Rebecca: Oh, uh -- I'm sure you do. It's so romantic. I bet your chapel
is just lovely, too.
Justice of the peace: Oh, it's very nice, yes.
Rebecca: Do you think that it, well, would be possible that I could see
it?
Rebecca: Oh, goodie.

Bruce: Yeah, I still say that Theresa will never accept you as her
husband. She still loves Ethan. You know, the only reason she married you
is because you got her so drunk she didn't know what she was doing.
Julian: Nevertheless, she will learn how loving and persuasive I can
be. In fact, I'm going to start solidifying our marriage right now.

Julian: Theresa, you poor girl. I know how much you cared for Ethan.
Whitney, would you be a dear and get something hot for Theresa to drink?
She feels cold.
Whitney: I got a better idea, Julian. Why don't you go get her
something hot to drink? I'm not going to leave you alone with her.
Theresa: It'll be all right. It's ok.
Whitney: Are you sure?
Theresa: Yeah.
Whitney: I'll be back soon.
Theresa: You know, Mr. Crane, I'm really ok.
Julian: Please, dear, call me Julian. After all, I am your husband.
Theresa: Stop saying that. You said that we we're going to get this
marriage annulled, and you said that we were going to take care of this.
Julian: Well, I know, but since it appears Ethan's not coming back,
there's really no reason for us not to stay married, is there? Hmm?

Ethan: He's not going to make it!
Chad: Well, neither will we if we don't get out of here!

Julian: Let's go.

Gwen: Mother's right. There is something weird going on between Theresa
and Julian.

Theresa: Mr. Crane, we have to have this marriage annulled.
Julian: Well, let's not be hasty, dear. You know, some of the very best
marriages are arranged, couples who grow to love each other when they work
to find things in common.
Theresa: I -- I could never love you.
Julian: Ok, but -- but just hear me out, please, dear. I'm very, very
flexible. I could learn to -- to love margaritas and guacamole and
excessively bright colors and mariachi bands. We could turn the Crane
mansion into one big fiesta.
Whitney: Excuse me. Ahem -- here's some tea, honey.
Theresa: Thank you.
Whitney: Are you all right?
Theresa: Oh, yes. I'm all right.
Whitney: Why don't we just go sit down somewhere?
Theresa: Mr. Crane, please let me know if you hear anything about Ethan
-- or Chad -- or Luis.

Bruce: Well, that didn't seem to go well at all, did it?
Julian: It's just the first step, my friend.

Rebecca: Uh, yes, I saw you talking to a friend of mine earlier --
Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald?
Justice of the peace: Oh, Lopez Fitzgerald. Huh. Oh, she's a friend of
yours?
Rebecca: Oh, yes. Yes, we're very good friends. We haven't had much of
a chance to talk, though -- you know, the hurricane and the tragedy. Was
she here to marry Ethan?
Justice of the peace: Oh, yes.
Rebecca: But a mutual friend told me that they -- they didn't get
married.
Justice of the peace: No. No, they didn't. She heard that her brother
was in trouble, so the wedding was, you know, interrupted.
Rebecca: Oh, my. Well, you -- you seem so tense. What's bothering you?
Justice of the peace: Well, to tell you the truth, ms. Hotchkiss --
Rebecca: Oh, please, please. Call me Rebecca.
Justice of the peace: Well, thank you, Rebecca. To tell you the truth,
the whole situation with your friend's wedding was -- it was strange.
Rebecca: Really? Was Julian Crane here for the wedding?
Justice of the peace: Yes, he was.
Rebecca: Well, what happened that was so strange? Did it have something
to do with Julian?
Justice of the peace: I'd really rather not discuss Mr. Crane. He owns
this resort, you know. He could close me down.
Rebecca: Oh, don't worry about Julian. He and I are very good friends.
And you can trust me. So tell me what happened with this interrupted
wedding. Oh, I just want to help. Tell me what's making you so tense.

 Miguel: The ceremony was wonderful. Wasn't it,
sweetheart? Our wedding was everything I thought it would be.
Charity: Our wedding. Miguel's talking about our wedding. This must be
our honeymoon. I'm not going to die, and none of us are. Miguel and I are
going to be married.
Warlock: Keep watching, Charity.
Second warlock: All is not as it seems.
Third warlock: Some things are worse than death.

Tabitha: Oh, no! I've hit a huge rock down here. Come over and help me,
Timmy. I can't dig around it all by myself.
Timmy: This scepter is the key to getting out of here. Timmy can feel
it.
Tabitha: Timmy's going to feel my boot on his bottom if he doesn't get
over here and help me. If we can get around this rock, maybe we can dig
our way out of here before Norma comes back for her clam bake -- with us
as the clams, of course.
Timmy: Scepters of warlocks hope all is well Charity's in trouble so
Timmy's casting this spell break through that rock just like ringing a
bell. [Jessica screams]

Miguel: It's open. We can find Charity now.
Miguel: Come on, Reese.
Simone: Come on, Kay. We're going, too.

Norma: Finally!
Norma: Oh. Oh. This is it, father. I can finally return to the pit and
finish off Timmy and Tabitha once and for all. [As father] yes, my
precious. But your clam bake idea worries me. There's quite a bit of meat
on Tabitha and her brat. What if the teenagers decide to investigate the
delicious aroma? [Normal voice] I hadn't thought of that. [As father] come
closer, Norma! I have a much better idea! [Normal voice] oh -- oh.
Timmy: What -- what happened?
Tabitha: What? Oh, nothing happened, silly. Come on over here. I need
your help.
Timmy: No. Timmy saw lightning shoot out of the scepter. Did it split
the rock in half?
Tabitha: Of course not -- with that idiotic spell? Now, come on. Get
over here and help me dig.
Timmy: Timmy thought for sure he'd get his princess and himself out of
this pit and save Charity, too.
Tabitha: If Charity's with the warlocks, there's no saving her, Timmy.
She doesn't stand a chance.

Charity: You don't know what you're talking about. Look how beautiful
our honeymoon suite is. The -- look at the candles and the flowers and
it's so romantic.
Warlock: Keep watching, Charity. Keep watching!
Miguel: You are so beautiful. I love you so much. I can't believe we're
finally married. There is no other woman in the world for me.
Charity: Oh, I love you so much.
Kay: I love you, too, Miguel. I've always loved you.
Charity: Wait a minute. That's not my voice.
Charity: Kay. No!

Rebecca: You're going to tell me what was so strange about Ethan and
Theresa's interrupted wedding, huh? So what was it? I -- surely, you must
want to talk about it. Oh, it would help relieve all of this tension.
Justice of the peace: No, actually -- oh, there is something on my
mind, something that's been troubling me very deeply.
Rebecca: Oh, good. Well, tell Rebecca all about it.
Justice of the peace: It would have to be strictly confidential,
between us.
Rebecca: Oh, of course. Of course. It would stay right here in this
room. Hmm. Just between you and me.

Theresa: Please, God, we need a miracle, a miracle that will bring them
back to us.
Whitney: Are you even sure that there's a chance they could still be
alive?
Theresa: But I have to believe it, Whitney. We have to keep positive
thoughts, and we can't allow ourselves to believe that they're dead.
Whitney: But the army captain, he seemed so sure that there were going
to be no survivors.
Theresa: I don't care. Ethan is alive and so are Chad and Luis. I know
they're alive, Whitney.
Whitney: Right.
Theresa: I just know it. So we have to pray for them.
Whitney: Ok.

Luis: Where's Sheridan?
Ethan: Luis, you're too weak! Don't talk!
Luis: No, we got to find Sheridan.
Ethan: Listen -- Luis, she's gone.
Luis: Gone?
Ethan: Let her go. She's dead. She's gone.
Luis: Sheridan! Sheridan!

Bruce: Yeah, I still say you're setting yourself up for a big
disappointment with Theresa and you're playing with fire as far as Rebecca
goes.
Julian: I can manage Rebecca.
Bruce: Well, I certainly hope so because she's ready to get married
now. She has no idea you're already hitched.
Julian: I told you I can handle Rebecca. Stop raining on my parade.
Bruce: I'm just trying to get you to face a little reality.
Julian: The reality is I am married to that hot tamale over there and
I'm going to relive my honeymoon tonight, only this time, I'll remember
it.
Bruce: Wait a minute. What makes you think Theresa has the slightest
bit of interest? She's still grieving over Ethan.
Julian: Yeah. She will need comforting, so I will comfort her.
Bruce: What are you going to do?
Julian: Whatever it takes. Oh, you, bellboy -- come.
Bellboy: Yes, Mr. Crane?
Julian: I want you to do something for me.
Bellhop: Mr. Crane, I couldn't do that.
Julian: You'll do it or I will have your job.
Julian: Tonight Theresa will be my wife in every way.








  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;&nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Tuesday 9/4/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="none">




 &nbsp;
 Tuesday 9/4/01
  Provided by Stephanie
		Proofread By  Elissia Hank: You're wrong, David. Grace will never leave Sam.
Pilar: Hank is right. Nothing is more sacred to grace than her marriage
vow.
David: You're not getting this. Sam and grace aren't married. Both
church and state recognize our marriage. I am her only true husband.
Pilar: No!
David: And deep down inside, she knows that, and it won't be long
before she remembers -- s our love, our passion. She'll remember. And when
she does, she will leave Sam and come back to her true husband -- me.
Ivy: This is it -- the beginning of the end for Sam and grace's
marriage. Sam will finally be free to be mine forever.
Sam: The more I think about what you are saying, the more I believe
that you have really started to remember you had feelings for David
Hastings.
Grace:
Sam: The way you defended him for what he was doing, the way you said
how admirable it was that he had come back to Harmony to find you. It's
like -- it's like you two are connected, like your feelings for him have
been -- I don't know. Awakened?
Grace: Look, Sam, we need to talk about all of this.
Sam: Grace, I don't want to talk anymore, not until you answer my
question. Do you remember David as your husband? Do you remember your love
for him?

Miguel: Charity! It's me, Miguel! I'm here!
Kay: Miguel, wait. We've got to be more careful. I mean, we haven't had
a lot of luck with mineshafts and caves.
Miguel: I don't care, all right? Charity is all that matters. Charity!
Come on, Reese.

Charity: No. It can't be. Miguel's supposed to marry me, not Kay.
Warlock: Sorry, Charity, but this is your future.
Second warlock: The only way to change it is by helping us.
Third warlock: You must use your power to free us from this island.
First warlock: You must destroy the witch, Tabitha Lenox.
Charity: No, I can't destroy Tabitha. She's just a harmless old woman.
I can't!
Warlock: Then you'll never marry Miguel!
Second warlock: Never!
Third warlock: He will spend the rest of his life with Kay.

Timmy: Timmy still thinks this is the key to getting out of this pit.
Tabitha: If Timmy would get off his duff and start digging, we might
have a chance of getting out of here.
Timmy: But Timmy knows it still has powers in it. The scepter floated.
It glowed. Maybe if Timmy tried another spell, maybe that would do the
trick.
Timmy: Scorpions and toads, grimp and gruel --
Tabitha: Will you knock it off? Oh, you've tried spells and spells and
nothing's worked. Just put the damn scepter down and help me dig! If we
don't get out of here soon, Norma will be back to -- to hack us up into
pieces. Come on, Timmy.

Norma: Ooh. We're almost to the pit, father. [As father] kill them,
buttercup. Tabitha and Timmy. Make dear old dad proud. [Normal voice] oh,
I will, father, with a little help from my friends.

Rebecca: You said there was something strange about Ethan and Theresa's
interrupted wedding.
Henry: Do you take Theresa as your lawfully wedded wife?
Rebecca: So what was it? I mean, surely you must want to talk about it.
It would help relieve all this tension.
Henry: Yeah, actually, there is something on my mind -- something
that's been troubling me very deeply.
Rebecca: Oh, yes. Well, tell Rebecca all about it.
Henry: It would have to be strictly confidential, between us.
Rebecca: Oh, of course. We'd make sure it stayed right in this room,
just between you and me.

Julian: I also require a case of your very best champagne. My wife has
acquired a taste for this stuff, and tonight I shall deny her nothing.
Bellhop: Yes, sir.
Bruce: Now, what are you up to now, Julian?
Julian: Just looking to pleasure the little woman, you know, relive our
wedding night. So I told the bellhop to transform my room into a honeymoon
suite, complete with Theresa's favorite flowers from the wedding chapel.
Once she finally accepts the fact that Ethan is dead, is lost at sea,
she'll need comforting. Who better to do that than her new hubby?

Theresa: God will hear our prayers. Ethan and Luis and Chad -- they're
not dead. They will come back.
Whitney: Of course they will. They have to, right?
Gwen: Do you hear that storm out there, Theresa?
Whitney: It's pretty hard to miss, isn't it, Gwen?
Gwen: And you let Ethan go out into it.
Theresa: He said that he wanted to go, Gwen, to look for Sheridan.
Gwen: You say you love him, and yet you let him go out on that boat.
Whitney: Oh, go away, Gwen.
Gwen: If anything happens to him, I am holding you personally
responsible.
Whitney: You know what? Shut up and go away.
Gwen: I swear to God I will make you pay.

Luis: Sheridan! Sheridan!
Chad: Save your strength, Luis!
Luis: Sheridan!
Chad: I think he's passed out!
Ethan: We got to find shore! It's our only chance!
Chad: If we don't get him out of here soon, he's dead!
Ethan: Luis can't take much more of this!
Chad: Neither can we!
Ethan: Look! Land!
Chad: It's close!
Ethan: It's only a few minutes away!
Chad: Ok, let's do it! Come on!
&nbsp;Man: Mr. Crane?
Julian: Yes?
Julian: Oh. Thank you, captain, I'll tell them. Ahem.
Bruce: What was that all about?
Julian: A gift from the Gods. What I'm going to tell Theresa now will
only bring her closer to my bed.

Whitney: If you don't just back off --
Gwen: Why should I back off when this is all her fault? The big mystery
as to why you came down here? One would be a fool not to know you came
here to trick Ethan into marrying you.
Theresa: No.
Gwen: You've always been a liar, Theresa.
Theresa: I didn't mean for Ethan to be hurt!
Julian: Uh -- ladies, is everything all right?
Gwen: Have you found out anything about Ethan?
Whitney: And Chad and Luis?
Theresa: Mr. Crane, if you know something, please tell us.
Julian: It is with a heavy heart that I bring you the news that a body
has been found.
Whitney: Oh, my God.
Julian: It's the body of basil, my head of security here at the hotel.
He was also captain of the rescue boat.
Whitney: You mean the boat Chad, Luis, and Ethan were on?
Julian: A good and decent man, but, alas, dead.
Gwen: Oh, no.
Julian: And I regret to say that to hold out hope at this point would
be futile. We must resolve to accept the fact they're all gone -- Ethan,
Luis --
Julian: Chad, and Sheridan.
Julian: Oh, Theresa, it's -- it's all right. It's -- it's all right.

Bruce: Enjoy holding her in your arms, Julian, because if Rebecca finds
out you two are married, she's going to rip them right off of you.

Rebecca: Now, what were you going to tell me? Something about the
wedding and Theresa?
Bellhop: Just gather them all up.
Henry: What's going on? What are you doing with the flowers?
Bellhop: I've been instructed to move them.
Henry: All right. Just be quick about it.
Rebecca: Now, where were we?
Henry: You know, Rebecca, that feels so good.
Rebecca: Well, you just tell me what I want to know and I will make you
feel better than you've ever thought possible.

Eve: Grace loves Sam. She would never leave him.
Pilar: And he loves here.
David: Look, I don't doubt their love, but our love -- Grace's and mine
-- was deeper, more passionate, and she'll remember that. I know she will.

Pilar: No, Sam and Grace have a wonderful marriage.
Hank: Rock solid.
Eve: If what happened with ivy didn't come between them, then nothing
will.
David: Look, I understand your point of view. Sam and grace are your
friends, your brother and sister-in-law. Of course you want them to be
together, to be happy. But the thing is I could bring in three friends
that would want grace and me to be together, especially when they heard
that Sam had a great love with another woman -- ivy crane.
Pilar: That was years ago.
Hank: Sam has no feelings for ivy anymore.
David: Is that a fact?
Hank: What the hell is that supposed to mean?
David: What I mean is from everything I've heard, it seems it would be
better for all if ivy and Sam were together and grace and I could leave
Harmony to start our lives again.
Grace: No, I don't remember being married to David. What about the
proof, Sam? A marriage license? A priest remembers marrying us.
Sam: Grace, I don't give a damn about that. Look, the only thing I care
about is us -- you and me, our marriage.
Grace: But we don't have a marriage, Sam -- not a legal one.
Sam: Look, grace, the only -- [pager beeps]
Sam: Look, I'm sorry. It's the station. I told them not to call me
unless it was an emergency. I'll call them and I'll be right back. [Noise]

Grace: Who's there?
Grace: Ivy. You're still here, and you're eavesdropping. Oh, my God.
You heard every word that Sam and I said.

Julian: Oh, there, there, dear.
Gwen: Wait, if only one body was found, then -- I have to find mother.
I have to tell her.
Julian: Oh, now, it'll be all right. I'm here for you. I'm your
husband. I swore I'd take care of you and I will. I think we should go up
to my room, the room we should be sharing as husband and wife.
Theresa: Mr. Crane --
Julian: No, "Julian."
Theresa: How could you even --
Julian: Now, I realize you're in pain, dear, but perhaps this is a sign
that we should honor our wedding vows.
Whitney: Oh, you are such a pig! Get your hands off of her!
Julian: She's my wife.
Whitney: Oh, you've got to be kidding me. You guys were drunk when you
got married.
Julian: Well, a bit tipsy perhaps.
Whitney: And you're supposed to be getting the marriage annulled,
remember?
Theresa: Gwen's right. It's my fault, all my fault. I mean, Ethan
wouldn't have been down here if it wasn't for me. And neither would Chad.
Whitney: Oh, honey, no.
Theresa: I'm sorry.
Whitney: No, we still have each other.
Theresa: No. It's my fault.
Whitney: Honey, just calm down. It's ok.
Doctor: Everything all right here?
Whitney: Doctor -- it's ok.
Theresa: I'm sorry.
Whitney: Look, my friend here, she's really upset. Her fiancé and her
brother were out on that boat with my friend and the boat sank.
Doctor: I'll go get my bag and be right back.
Whitney: It's all right.

Julian: Doctor, before you go, I need a sympathetic ear. That young and
lovely girl is my wife.
Doctor: Really?
Julian: Yes, and obviously you can see she's considerably younger than
I am, and it's not that I really need it, but just in case -- [Julian
whispers]
Doctor: Viagra?
Julian: Just entre nous, doc.
Doctor: Don't you see what's going on here, the hurricane? People in
need of serious medical attention? Including your wife.
Julian: Well, it's not that I really need it. I told you I don't need
anything. As a matter of fact, I -- just in case --

Grace: You're like a vulture, just hanging around to pick at the bones
of our marriage.
Ivy: Now, that's not true, grace. I wasn't listening in on your
conversation. I came he to decorate the church. I brought flowers.
Grace: Oh, please, ivy. How many times have you thrown yourself at my
husband, tried to lure him away with sex, destroy our marriage?
Sam: Ivy. What the hell's going on here?
Grace: You want to know what's going on, Sam? I'll tell you. This woman
from your past -- "woman"? No. She's is pure bitch, and she is never going
to leave you alone, Sam. She is here now just waiting to pounce on you
like an alley cat in heat. Well, damn you, ivy crane. Damn you.

Miguel: Let's split up so we can cover more ground.
Kay: Right. You, Jessica, and Reese go that way, and Simone and I will
take this direction.
Miguel: Let's go.

Simone: You're not going to look for her at all, are you?
Kay: You always think the worst of me, Simone.
Simone: And what I think is pretty much true. Weren't you the one that
let her wander off? And before that, you tried to get --
Kay: Just forget that, ok? Come on, let's look for Charity. Charity!
Charity?
Simone: You're actually going to look for her?
Kay: Of course I am.
Simone:
Kay: Because I have a feeling that whether we find her or not, Miguel's
going to be mine anyway.
Simone: Really? Feeling?
Kay: I don't know. It's like I can just see it, you know - Miguel and
me together. Charity!

Charity: No. It can't be. Miguel loves me.

Tabitha: Oh, come on, Timmy, give me a hand here.
Timmy: Wait. Timmy's going to cast another spell.
Tabitha: Oh, you'll do nothing of the sort. Now, leave that scepter
alone and help me dig a way out of here before Norma comes back and turns
us into a couple of cutlets!
Timmy: Timmy and tabby will be out of this pit long before Norma ever
comes back.
Tabitha: Oh-ho.
Norma: Wrong again, you stuffed imp! Start saying your prayers because
you two are dead.

Rebecca: There. I can feel your whole body relaxing. Now, why don't you
tell Rebecca what she wants to hear, and then she'll make you feel even
better.
Henry: Well --
Gwen: Mother, I just --
Henry: Oh. Uh -- I'll just give the two of you some time alone.
Rebecca: Gwen, your timing needs a little work. I was just about to get
it out of him when you just barged in here and scared him.
Gwen: Get what out of him?
Rebecca: The truth about Ethan and Theresa's wedding.
Gwen: Well, I'm sorry, but they found a body.
Rebecca: They did?
Gwen: Yeah, the captain of the rescue boat that Ethan was on.
Rebecca: He's dead?
Gwen: Yeah, that means Ethan -- Ethan --
Rebecca: Oh, Gwen. Gwen, I'm so sorry. But you don't know anything for
sure?
Gwen: No.
Rebecca: Well, until you do, don't give up hope, ok?
Gwen: Ok.

Luis: Sheridan. Sheridan.
Ethan: I think the resort's that way.
Chad: Ok, well, let's go because we got to get Luis to a doctor ASAP!
All right, on the count of three. Ready? One, two, three.
&nbsp;[Theresa coughs]

Whitney: Let me get you some water, ok? It's all right.
Doctor: Here. Take this. It's a strong sedative. You'll need to go to
your room and lie down.
Theresa: It's my fault. It's my fault that he's dead.
Doctor: Over here, young man. I want you to help this young lady up to
her room. I didn't get her name, but we can get that --
Bellhop: Oh, it's
ok. I know who she is. Come along, miss. I've got you. It's going to be
all right.
Whitney: Where did Theresa go?
Bellhop: Whoa, whoa. I got you, I got
you. Come on, I'll have you up to your husband's room in no time, Mrs..
Crane.
Theresa: Yes. Mrs. Crane.
Bellhop: All right.

Hank: Sam and ivy together? Where do you come up with this stuff?
David: It's the only way.
Hank: The hell it is. And if you think you're going to ride off into
the sunset with grace, forget it.
David: Sam and ivy were lovers once.
Hank: So what? Once doesn't matter, forever does. Anyway, they broke it
off for a reason.
David: Wait a minute. Pilar or somebody here told me that they were
broken up by ivy's father. They didn't grow apart. They were ripped apart.

Hank: If they had really been in love, they would've found a way back
to each other.
David: Right, and maybe this is their way to find each other again,
just like I found grace.
Pilar: It's different. Completely different.
Hank: Sam and ivy don't belong together.
Eve: That reminds me -- didn't ivy say that she was going to come back
and decorate the church?
Pilar: Yeah, she did.
Eve: So where is she?
Grace: You don't care who gets hurt as long as you get your way. You're
evil.
Ivy: The only reason I am here is to decorate -- I brought flowers --
Grace: Liar!
Ivy: You can ask Pilar!
Grace: I don't need to ask Pilar. I know exactly why you are here.
Sam: Well, you're not saying Pilar is covering up for her, are you?
Grace: Sam --
Sam: Lying?
Grace: Ivy is not here to decorate the church, that's for damn sure.
Sam: Pilar is one of your closest friends and you don't trust her? But
you believe this David character, believed everything that he said to you?

Grace: Sam, you are twisting things all up. This is about ivy and her
wanting to get her claws into you. Look at her. She's just biding her
time, waiting for our marriage to fall apart.
Sam: Ivy is not responsible for our marriage going bad, it's David
Hastings.
Grace: What has he done that's dishonorable? He hasn't lied. He hasn't
manipulated the situation.
Sam: Oh, really?
Grace: That is exactly what ivy's done.
Sam: I thought you had gotten past that -- finding out that ivy and I
once had a relationship, that Ethan is our son.
Grace: I'm sorry, Sam, if I haven't gotten past it. And I don't think I
am going to get past it as long as ivy is hanging around trying to weasel
her way back into your bed!

Norma: Oh, this is it, father. I've got them now. [As father] don't
shilly-shally, Norma. Get it done. Kill them now!
Tabitha: We beat Hecuba and the forces of hell, and now we're about to
be whacked by a nut job. Life really isn't fair, Timmy.
Norma: [Normal voice] oh. Oh. Oh. Hungry, my beauties? Oh, have I got a
main course for you. Ah. Oh! Time for you to die. Die! Die!
Tabitha: Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!

Miguel: Charity? Any sign of her?
Kay: No, and we looked everywhere.
Miguel: Where could she be?
Warlock: You can change this, Charity.
Second warlock: All you have to do is help us.
Charity: No, I'm not going to hurt Tabitha!
Warlock: Then Miguel will spend the rest of his life making love with
Kay.
Charity: No, Miguel! No!
Miguel: It's Charity. Charity! Charity, where are you?
Charity: No!
Miguel: It's coming from over there.
Jessica: Go, go, go.
Simone: Guess you were wrong, Kay. He is going to find her.
Kay: No. He'll be mine. I know it.
Charity: No!

Timmy: Oh, bugs! Timmy hates bugs!
Tabitha: Oh, these aren't just any old bugs, Timmy! These are
man-eating bugs!
Timmy: Man-eating bugs?
Norma: Or in this case, witch-and-doll-eating bugs! They're going to
eat us alive, Timmy!
Timmy: Timmy doesn't want to be worm food!
Tabitha: Oh, it's too late, too late! There's no escape!
Timmy: Don't give up, princess! The scepter will get Timmy and tabby
out of here. It's Timmy and tabby's salvation! Rain, rain, make it rain!
Tabitha: Oh, why are you shouting for rain? What good is that going to
do?
Timmy: It'll drown the bugs!
Tabitha: Why not fire, fire? Burn -- burn the bugs! That will be
quicker!
Timmy: Think, tabby, think! If Timmy uses fire, Timmy and tabby would
be flambéed with the bugs!
Tabitha: Oh, maybe you do have a brain after all, doll face. Oh, get!
Timmy: Make it rain, make it snappy, drown the bugs, make Timmy happy!
Norma: Oh, oh, oh. What in -- [as father] never mind the light, Norma!
Kill Timmy and Tabitha! More bugs into the pit. [Normal voice] more bugs!
Oh, ho, ho.
Timmy: Did tabby see that?
Tabitha: So what? It made light, but it didn't bring us water! Oh! Oh!
Timmy: Don't give up hope, princess. The scepter still has powers in
it. Timmy knows it.
Tabitha: Ah!
Timmy: Water, water from above, soak this pit and drown the bugs!

Meteorologist: Linda, come here and take a look at this for a minute.
Look at that.
Linda: Holy -- the storm around Bermuda stopped moving.
Meteorologist: Stopped dead. Look at that. It's changing course. It's
starting to head north. Look. I've never seen a storm shift so fast.

Sam: I'd never let ivy come between us, grace. Now, you know that.
Pilar: What's going on here?
Eve: Hey, you all right?
Grace: Oh, it's just ivy slithering around again.
Sam: Look, let's not blame our troubles on ivy. It's his fault. And I
wish you'd stop defending the son of a bitch. All he came here to do was
cause trouble.
David: You defended me, grace?

Rebecca: So odd. The storm just stopped.
Gwen: Well, that could help -- that could help the search, right?
Rebecca: Yes, ok, so you just pull yourself together and go to the
lobby and see if you can find some news on Ethan, all right?
Gwen: Ok.
Rebecca: Yes, it's time for me to get back to the persuasion game, see
if I can get him to open up to me.
Gwen: Yeah.
Rebecca: There's something strange going on between Julian and Theresa.
I can just feel it. Now go, go, go.
Rebecca: Well. Where were we?

Bruce: Well, storm's let up.
Julian: Yes, strange.
Bruce: Seems to be moving away from here, heading north. I wonder why.
Julian: Oh, who cares! All I can think about is Theresa. Ah, bellman.
Bellhop: Yes, Mr.. Crane?
Julian: Have you -- ahem -- seen my wife?
Bellhop: Yes, sir. Just took
her up to your suite.
Julian: Really? She wanted to go up?
Bellhop: Couldn't wait, in fact.
Julian: Well, then. My wife awaits.

Ethan: We need a doctor! Need a doctor over here! All right. Ok, sit
down, Luis.
Doctor: Thank God you're alive. What happened?
Ethan: Our boat sank. We had to swim in to the shore.
Chad: We barely made it.
Doctor: In this storm, you're lucky you're alive. Well, he's exhausted
and bruised, but his pulse is good and strong.
Ethan: Thank God.
Doctor: I have other patients in worse shape, so you'll have to excuse
me. I'll be back to check on him later.
Ethan: Thanks, doc.
Luis: Sheridan.
Gwen: Oh, my God. Oh, my God, Ethan!
Ethan: Gwen.
Gwen: Oh, I can't believe you're alive!
Ethan: Gwen. What are you doing here?
Gwen: I came with my mother.
Ethan: Have you seen Theresa?
Gwen: Uh, the last time I saw her, she was in the lobby.
Ethan: Well, where is she now?

Bruce: Oh, wait till Julian gets a load of this. Maybe I should warn
him. Nah. Let him find out on his own.

Julian: You really did take me up on my offer.
Julian: I'm going to make you a very happy girl, Theresa. Even without
Viagra.

Hank: No matter what happens, you guys can't let this affect you.
Eve: Your love is too strong. You can't let anything or -- or anyone
come between you.
Hank: Those storm clouds weren't there a minute ago.
Eve: No, they came out of nowhere.
Pilar: That storm? It's like the troubles in Sam and grace's marriage.
They didn't see them coming, either.
Eve: You're right. But those storm clouds will eventually go away. I
think Sam and grace's troubles are here to stay. Oh, God, David is grace's
real husband. I think their marriage may be over.

Meteorologist: Not only is the storm moving towards the upper eastern
seaboard, but look at this -- several other storms following along the
same path.
Linda: It gets weirder. I triangulated all the storms. They're all
headed to the same spot -- a little town called Harmony.
Meteorologist: What on earth could be causing all these storms to move
toward Harmony?

Norma: Welcome to the bug cafe. Our specials today are aged witch and
stuffed doll!
Tabitha: Oh! Ooh!
Timmy: Water, aqua, source of life -- oh, come on, h2o, show some love!
It's working, tabby! It's shedding sparks!
Tabitha: So? It doesn't seem to be doing anything! The bugs are still
biting!
Timmy: Maybe Norma will run out of bugs soon. Maybe not!
Tabitha: Oh, I hate to admit it, Timmy, but we're doomed!

Charity: No!
Miguel: Charity, I'm coming!
Simone: You'd better hope that she's all right, Kay, because if she's
not, I'm never going to forgive you.
Kay: Did I force Charity to do anything? Did I make her come into this
cave? No.
Simone: You let her wander off. You could've stopped her, but you
didn't. This is all your fault, Kay. All of this is your fault.
Charity: No, not Kay! Please, Miguel, don't make love to Kay!
Jessica: What?
Kay: What?
Miguel: It sounds like Charity's having another premonition, but why
would she have a vision of me making love to you, Kay? Why would she see
that?
Simone: Busted.

Rebecca: Oh, there, there. That will get rid of all those nasty knots.
Henry: Oh. You have got the magic touch, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Oh, you don't know the half of it. There, so you just tell
Rebecca what she needs to know, hmm? That's the only way you can free
yourself from all this tension.
Henry: Oh, you're right. It's a terrible burden to carry around. I'll
tell you everything -- everything about Theresa's wedding.

Whitney: Oh, my God. You're alive! You're all alive!
Chad: All present and accounted for.
Whitney: Oh, my God, I thought I lost you!
Chad: Oh. Now this is what I call a greeting.
Ethan: Whitney? Have you seen Theresa?
Whitney: Um, I'm not sure where she is right now, Ethan.
Ethan: Well, you must have some idea.
Whitney: Well, she was here in the lobby, but I went to get her some
water and when I came back she was gone.
Ethan: Well, did you check her room?
Whitney: I was just up there a second ago.
Ethan: Where could she be?
Whitney: I have no idea.
Ethan: I just hope she's not in any trouble or anything.
Julian: Oh, Theresa. What a night this is going to be. Only this time
we'll remember it. Yes, we'll remember our lovemaking, over and over and
over.

 &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Passions Tuesday September 4 (Wednesday
September 5 USA)

Timmy: Timmy hates this! He hates it more than fluffy!
Tabitha: Oh! Oh! Oh, Timmy, we're going to be eaten alive if we don't
find a way out of here! Come on, help me dig! Oh! Well, don't just stand
there, come on, help me!
Timmy: Timmy tried to help. He used the scepter to bring water.
Tabitha: Well, obviously it didn't work. There isn't a drop of water in
sight. We're going to be eaten alive, Timmy!
Norma: Yes, father. This is it. I'm finally going to make you proud. It
won't be long before these two are picked clean to the bone.
Tabitha: Oh, my hair! Oh, my hair, Timmy! Bugs! Bugs!

Charity: No.
Warlock: Look at them, Charity. Such a loving couple.
Charity: Miguel loves me. This can't happen. This can't. No!

Miguel: Charity, I'm coming!
Simone: You better hope that she's all right, Kay, because if she's
not, I'm never going to forgive you.
Kay: Did I force Charity to do anything? Did I make her come into this
cave? No.
Simone: You let her wander off. You could have stopped her, but you
didn't. This is all your fault, Kay. All of this is your fault.
Charity: No, not Kay. Please, Miguel, don't make love to Kay.
Simone: What?
Kay: What?
Miguel: It sounds like Charity's having another premonition, but why
would she have a vision of me making love to you, Kay? Why would she see
that?
Simone: Busted.

Rebecca: There. There, now, that will take care of all those nasty
knots.
Henry: You have got the magic touch, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Now, you just tell me what's bothering you. It's the only way
you can free yourself from this tension.
Henry: Oh, you're right. You're right. It's too terrible a burden to
carry around. I'll tell you everything, Rebecca, everything about
Theresa's wedding.

Whitney: Oh, my God. You're alive! You're alive.
Chad: All present and accounted for.
Whitney: Oh, my God, I thought I'd lost you.
Chad: Oh, now, this is what i call a greeting.
Ethan: Whitney, have you seen Theresa?
Whitney: I'm not sure where she is right now, Ethan.
Ethan: You must have some idea.
Whitney: Well, she was here in the lobby. But I went to get her some
water and when I came back, she was gone.
Ethan: Did you check her room?
Whitney: I was just up there a second ago.
Ethan: Where could she be?
Whitney: I have no idea.
Ethan: I just hope she's not in any trouble or anything.

Julian: You clever girl. Decided you're ready to begin our marriage.
You finally accepted the fact that Ethan won't be coming back. He couldn't
possibly have survived out there in that hurricane. Now -- now you need
someone to turn to for comfort. Who better than your husband? Yes. Your
new hubby will make you forget all your troubles. What a night this is
going to be, Theresa. Not like our wedding night, when we were so drunk we
couldn't even remember getting married, let alone making love. No, this
time, my luscious little taco belle, you'll remember every exquisite
minute of it. Oh.

Whitney: Here you go.
Ethan: Thanks. Where could Theresa have gone?
Chad: Ethan, I'm sure she's fine. Except she's probably worried about
you and Luis.
Whitney: She was terribly worried. I mean, we all were. We thought you
guys were never going to come back. And an army officer told us that the
captain of your boat was found dead.
Ethan: Basil.
Whitney: But thank God you guys came back ok.
Chad: Yes.
Ethan: I just wish I knew where Theresa went.
Whitney: Well, Ethan, she was very, very upset. Maybe she went
somewhere to get some air, to be alone, to think. I don't know.
Ethan: Yeah. Well, I'll try to get a hold of her a little later. We
have to wait for that doctor to come back. Luis needs to get checked out
thoroughly.
Chad: Poor guy's been through hell.
Whitney: So there was no sign of Sheridan whatsoever?
Chad: No.
Ethan: I don't know how she could have survived. It's so rough out
there.
Whitney: I'm so sorry, Ethan. I know how close you guys were. And Luis
-- he must be completely devastated.
Chad: He won't accept the fact that she's gone. He won't give up hope.
Ethan: He keeps wanting to believe that she's still out there, that
she's all right. I just don't see how that's possible.
Luis: Sheridan.

Bruce: So, our seafarers have returned, bloodied but unbowed.
Gwen: Yes.
Bruce: Julian wasn't counting on this. Maybe I should warn him.
Gwen: Excuse me?
Bruce: Oh, no, I was just thinking how relieved Julian will be to know
that Ethan's alive.
Gwen: Oh. Yeah.
Bruce: Your mother, your dear mother -- where is she?
Gwen: She's in the chapel.
Bruce: Really? I wonder what Rebecca's up to now.
Rebecca: There. Now, tell me all about Theresa's wedding, hmm? What
happened?

Henry: Well -- do you take Theresa as your lawfully wedded wife?
Bruce: Wassup?
Julian: Wassup?
Henry: Lawfully wedded wife? What do you think --
Julian: No one can ever know that you performed a wedding ceremony last
night. As far as you're concerned, Theresa and I never married. It never
happened.
Henry: But --
Julian: No buts. You're to marry Ethan and Theresa right now.
Henry: You don't understand.
Julian: No, you're the one who doesn't understand. I am a Crane. People
do as I tell them. If you don't want to find yourself out in the street --

Henry: There's the legality.
Julian: I say what's legal and what's not legal.
Henry: But bigamy?
Julian: I don't give a damn about that. I will take care of that. You
just perform the ceremony without another word about last night. Do I make
myself clear?

Henry: I don't know if I should talk about this.
Rebecca: Oh, but you can trust me. Tell me what happened. You can't
just keep it all bottled up inside here. Oh, just look what it's doing to
you.
Henry: You're right, I do need to get this off my chest.
Rebecca: Well, then, you just put it right here on mine. There. Now,
just take your time. Relax. I'm not going anywhere. I am here for you. I
just want to help relieve you of some of this stress.
Henry: All right. But you're not going to believe this.
Rebecca: Try me.

Julian: I told you I'd be here for you, my sugarplum, to comfort you in
your time of need. Finding you like this in my bed, showing me that you're
willing to accept what I have to offer, more than willing, I'm -- I'm
flattered that you'd come to me like this, that you would turn to your
husband for solace. Turn, Theresa. Turn.
Theresa: My husband.
Julian: Yes, dear. I'm right here. Oh, God, your hair. So soft. It's
like strands of silk. Oh, it's beautiful. Everything about you is
beautiful. And delicious.
Theresa: That feels wonderful.
Julian: Oh. I'll make you feel even better, things you've never felt
before. The two of us are going to make magic together. Tonight is just
the beginning. See, what started as an accident, our getting married, will
turn out to be the best thing that could have happened to us. The very
best thing.

Tabitha: Oh, Timmy, it's no use! There's no way out of here! Oh! Oh!
Our only hope is to try and stomp them -- stomp the bugs to death!
Timmy: But Timmy doesn't want dead bugs all over his shoes.
Tabitha: But it's either that or live bugs all over dead Timmy. Oh!
Timmy: Timmy's going to try it again.
Norma: Bugger off, you two! Hey, good one, eh, father? [As father]
you're a real pip, my little glowworm. [Normal voice] you know something?
I'm almost sorry to see them die. What am I going to do for fun now?
Tabitha: Oh! Oh!
Timmy: Bring torrents rain so no bugs remain! Don't let Norma win the
game!
Tabitha: Oh, you're a regular little lord Byron, aren't you, Timmy? But
this is no game. Oh, we're going to die!
Timmy: Timmy knows that! He did that to make it rhyme.
Tabitha: Well, it's a waste of time, Timmy! The scepter isn't working.
It's a dud! Oh! [Wind blows]
Timmy: What's that?
Tabitha: Oh, oh, that's just wind, wind.
Timmy: Maybe the wind is a sign that the spell is working! And the
water will come and drown all the bugs, and Timmy and Tabby will be saved,
princess, saved!
Norma: Dream on, dead-imp-talking!

Miguel: It makes no sense for Charity to be seeing the two of us making
love.
Kay: Right, so why are you guys all staring at me like that? Because I
have no idea why Charity's seeing what she's seeing.
Miguel: Of course you don't. I'm sorry, Kay, all right? It's not your
fault what Charity sees. Well, we'll know what's going on once we find
her, so let's get on it. We've got to keep looking.
Charity: Miguel loves me, not Kay.
Warlock: This doesn't have to happen, Charity.
Second Warlock: All you have to do is help us.
Third Warlock: Help us, and get what you want.
Charity: All right! All right, I will. I love Miguel. I'm not going to
lose him.
Warlock: A wise decision, Charity.
Second Warlock: We're very pleased.

Henry: It's such a strange situation, but I should talk to someone
about it.
Rebecca: So let that someone be me.
Henry: Yes, all right. Here goes.
Bruce: I'm sorry to interrupt, but the men from the rescue boat are
back. They're alive.
Rebecca: Oh! And Ethan?
Bruce: He's fine. He and the others survived, all except the captain.
Rebecca: What about Sheridan?
Bruce: No, no, they haven't found her. Listen, I came for blankets. Do
you happen to have any?
Henry: In the back. I'll get them.
Bruce: I'll follow. You know, maybe you should go back to the hotel
lobby. They might need your help.
Rebecca: Fine. Oh, damn! I was so close. He was just about to tell me
everything. Well, it doesn't matter. There is something funny going on
here, and I am not going to give up till I find out what it is.

Julian: Oh -- delicioso. It's all going to work out perfectly for us,
Theresa. It's as if we were meant to be together. I'll just explain to
Rebecca. I'll say I'm dreadfully sorry, but I can't marry her. I'll
confess to having married you by mistake. Given the news, the tragic
deaths of Ethan, Luis, and Sheridan, she can't very well expect me to
abandon my new bride in her darkest hour. You need me -- isn't that right,
Theresa? -- To help you through these trying times. I'm your husband now.
I'll do everything I can to ease your pain and help you feel better. I'm
feeling better already myself. Rebecca's hardly the sentimental type.
She'll get over it and move on to someone else. And no matter how long it
takes for you to recover from Ethan's death, I'll be there for you every
step of the way. Your shoulder to cry on. I know so many ways to make this
easier on you. You're in good hands. And now that Ethan and Luis are gone
for good, we have nothing to fear. No one to challenge our union. Thank
God for that. If Luis found out I was with his -- well, the upside is we
don't have to worry about that anymore. You've come to me for comfort, and
I'm prepared to offer it to you in the best way i know how. And once we've
made love, that's the only thing that will be on your mind.

Miguel: Look, we'll find her. We just have to keep looking. Charity!
Reese: Four clicks north and three west. The upper east corner is a
possibility, too.
Miguel: Well, what do you think, Reese?
Reese: It's hard to say. She could be anywhere.
Miguel: Ok, look, wherever she is, we know that she's close by.
Jessica: Right.
Miguel: I mean, I heard her voice so clearly.
Reese: Only sounds bounce around these cave walls like basketballs.
Makes things seem closer than they really are.
Miguel: Come on.
Jessica: We can't get through.
Miguel: No, there has to be another way.
Reese: I don't think so.
Jessica: Oh, God.
Miguel: So what do we do?
Reese: I don't know. The map shows no alternate paths, no openings.
Miguel: Come on, Reese. Look, there's got to be something.
Reese: No, there's nothing.
Miguel: Well, we can't just give up! We have to find Charity!

Kay: Do you believe this? It's just like the legend Reese told us
about.
Simone: Oh, please.
Kay: Two cousins in love with the same guy. The psychic cousin dies,
never makes it off the island. At the rate we're going, we're never going
to find Charity. She may be lost forever.

Charity: That can't be. Miguel and I love each other. We're committed
to each other.
Warlock: Love doesn't conquer all.
Charity: I don't believe that!
Warlock: No? Then we'll show you another couple, deeply in love, fated
never to be together.
Charity: Sheridan and Luis.
Warlock: Look at them. They couldn't be happier.
Second Warlock: Or more in love.
Third Warlock: But now all that's changed.
 Sheridan: Luis!
Luis: Sheridan? Sheridan!

Charity: No, it can't be!
Warlock: Too late. It already is.
Charity: No!
Warlock: Sheridan and Luis will never be together now.
Second Warlock: Their love is over.

Chad: Doctor, how's he doing?
Doctor: Very well, considering what he's been through.
Ethan: Well, he's tough.
Doctor: Even tough guys need rest. He's overexerted himself. He needs
to relax, get some food in his system. But in a day or two, he should be
as good as new.
Luis: Whoa, what's that?
Doctor: It's a b-12 shot. Should help you along, but what you really
need is rest. I'll check back with you later.
Ethan: Thanks again, doctor.
Doctor: Keep an eye on him.
Whitney: Thank you.
Chad: Thanks.
Ethan: Well, glad it's not serious. You're a lucky man, Luis.
Chad: Hey, hey, hey, easy. Whoa, whoa, whoa, Luis, what are you doing?
Luis: I got to get back out there.
Chad: No way.
Luis: No, I got to look for Sheridan. I've got to keep looking.
Whitney: Luis, please, please --
Luis: The storm's over, all right? I'm sure that I can find her.
Ethan: Luis, you're not going anywhere.
Luis: Listen, don't try and stop me, ok?
Ethan: Look, Luis, I love Sheridan just as much as you do. I don't want
to believe she's gone, either, but I have to.
Luis: No.
Ethan: She's gone.
Luis: No, she's not.
Ethan: Look, there's no way she could've survived this long.
Luis: Ethan, she's not dead.

Gwen: So, what did you dig up? Find anything about Theresa's wedding?
Rebecca: I was just about to. Ugh, I had that justice of the peace
right where I wanted him. He was just about to tell me everything, and
that -- that idiot friend of Julian's just barged in there, barking
something about blankets. You know, I'm not so sure it wasn't on purpose.
Gwen: Why do you say that?
Rebecca: Just say it's female intuition. There's something fishy going
on here, and Julian is right in the middle of it.

Bruce: Well, listen, thanks for the hand. I'll take these on over to
the hotel.
Henry: I'll go with you.
Bruce: No. You will stay right here.
Henry: Two hands are better than --
Bruce: Listen, let's get this straight. I know exactly what was going
on here when I came in.
Henry: You do?
Bruce: Rebecca was plying you for information. You were about ready to
blab, weren't you?
Henry: No. I wasn't.
Bruce: Listen, I am warning you -- you don't say anything to anyone
about Julian and Theresa, or Mr. Julian Crane will destroy you. You keep
your mouth shut, or you will be one sad and sorry ex-justice of the peace.

Henry: Oh --
Bruce: Maybe I'd better clue Julian in.

Julian: Oh, mama. Your skin is like whipped cream. Oh. Shh, it's all
right, my little cupcake. I'm your husband.
 Henry: Dearly beloved, we are gathered here to join this couple in holy
matrimony.

Theresa: My husband.
Julian: That's right. I'm your husband. What a marvelous life we're
going to have together. A wonderful life.
Theresa: Yes, wonderful. My husband.
Theresa: Make love to me.
Julian: Who am I to deny my wife such a wish? I will make love to you
all night long if that's what you want, my dear. Perhaps not all night,
but certainly the better part of it.

Luis: Tell me where I can rent a boat. Man: I don't think there are any
more boats left, sir. The storm destroyed most of our marina.
Luis: Well, there's got to be a boat around here somewhere. Now, you
find me one fast. Man: I'll see what I can do, sir, but it won't be easy.
Luis: I don't give a damn. I've got to get back out there.
Ethan: Luis, please don't do this.
Luis: I'm going to find her, Ethan. All right? I'm going to check with
shore patrol.
Chad: We got to stop him.
Ethan: Let him do what he has to do.
Whitney: If he goes out there again, we're going to lose him. The
doctor said he's completely wiped out, and he still wants to keep going. I
mean, where does he find the strength?
Chad: Love. I guess he just loved Sheridan more than life itself.
That's where he gets the strength.
Ethan: When he realizes the truth, I mean, he's going to be devastated.
I'm just glad Theresa is down here because he's going to need his family
to help him get through this. And why isn't Theresa back? Whitney, what's
her room number?
Whitney: Oh, it's --
Ethan: Look, it doesn't matter. Let's get out of these wet things, and
then I'll have the hotel operator connect me to a room and see if she's
back yet.
Whitney: Ok.
Ethan: All right, let's go.

Julian: Oh, my God. No games, no role-playing. No tricks. Just the idea
of you, sweet Theresa, just drives me mad. Life's going to be beautiful.
Belissima. [Knock on door]
Julian: What in God's name? Don't go anywhere, my dove. I'll be right
back.
Maid: I'm so sorry, sir.
Julian: As well you should be!
Maid: I didn't think anyone was here. It
nearly stopped my heart.
Julian: Well, you stopped something much more important, I assure you.
Come back later, much later. In fact, I'll call housekeeping when I need
you. Right now there's something else i need, and it won't wait another
minute.Maid: Yes, sir. I apologize --
Julian: Yes, yes, just go! This should settle any further
interruptions.
Julian: It's time to faire l'amour. Nothing can stop us now.
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy!
Timmy: Maybe the wind will bring on the storm and drown all the bugs.
Tabitha: Well, it better come quick, is all I can say!
Timmy: Timmy thinks the scepter actually worked this time, and Timmy
and Tabby will be saved! Aah!
Tabitha: Oh, no more, no more! Oh, no! No, no, no! Not in my hair! No!
Norma: This is what I call a moveable feast. [As father] good one,
Norma. [Normal voice] oh, thank you, father. Go to it, my hungry little
bug beauties. Bon appetit!

Miguel: There's got to be another way through this cave.
Jessica: It's no use.
Reese: It doesn't make any sense. According to the map, this is the
path. It should go through.
Kay: Well, it doesn't.
Miguel: Damn it!
Jessica: Oh, my God.
Reese: Oh. It's like a secret passage.
Miguel: Let's go.
Reese: Whoa, whoa, whoa, buddy. Look, the ground is gone. There's
nothing but an abyss.
Kay: Miguel, you could've fallen.
Miguel: Maybe it doesn't go that far down.
Reese: Let's see.
Simone: There's no way to get across.
Miguel: How are we going to find Charity?
Luis: No news from shore patrol. I just hope they can get me a boat. I
can't stand sitting around here doing nothing while Sheridan's out there
by herself.
Ethan: There was no answer in Theresa's room.
Whitney: I'm sure she'll turn up, Ethan.
Ethan: I just -- I wish i knew where she went.
Rebecca: Oh, Ethan, thank goodness you're all right. We were so worried
about you. It would've been so hard on Julian if anything had happened to
you.
Ethan: Where is Julian?
Rebecca: Well, I don't know, I was wondering the same thing. I haven't
seen him in a while. What? What, do you know something? Well, what is it?
Luis: Julian's been -- how should I say this? -- Occupied since he's
been down here.
Rebecca: Well, what exactly does that mean? Are you saying he's with
another woman? Because I am his fiancée. I have a right to know.
Luis: Julian was with a woman -- or, shall I say, young girl -- in his
room. Maybe he sneaked off with her again.
Rebecca: Well, that's certainly news to me. What kind of floozy is he
in there with? Some local hooker?
Luis: Look, who knows, all right? I didn't see the girl. I just heard
her through the bathroom. She didn't seem like she was a hooker to me.
Gwen: Knowing Julian, he's probably with her right now.

Julian: Alone at last. [Knock on door]
Julian: Not again! Can't you read? "Do not disturb"! "Do not --"
Bruce: We've got to talk, Julian.
Julian: Bruce. It can wait.
Bruce: No, it can't.
Julian: Look, I'm busy.
Bruce: I sympathize with you, but this is important.
Julian: Not important enough.
Bruce: Just listen.
Julian: Look, whatever you have to say, I'm not interested. I'm trying
to share an intimate evening with my bride. I'm not to be bothered. Now
go.
Bruce: Julian, you don't understand.
Julian: No, I -- on the contrary, I understand that you cannot bear the
thought that in my bed is a lovely young woman while you're still floating
around the bar like an impotent vagabond.
Bruce: That is not it.
Julian: I don't care. Just go!
Bruce: Fine. Fine, if that's the way you feel.
Julian: It is. Forgive me, darling. No more intrusions. We'll finally
have our time together.
Charity: That's so horrible. Sheridan and Luis -- they were so in love.
They had such a wonderful life ahead of them.
Warlock: Not anymore. Luis survived, but Sheridan is still missing.
Second Warlock: The man will be grief-stricken.
Third Warlock: He will never recover from the loss of his great love.
Charity: But love is still a wonderful thing. Theresa and Ethan --
they're in love. They'll be together.
Warlock: It doesn't look that way.
Charity: Theresa with Mr. Crane? No, she would never do that. She loves
Ethan.

Miguel: No. We cannot let this stop us. All right, we've got to find
Charity.
Kay: But, Miguel, this is too deep. It --
Reese: We'll never make it across that.
Miguel: No, we'll find a way. There. Reese, help me bring it over. This
log should be long enough to stretch across the abyss.
Simone: See, Kay? You see how strong Miguel's love is for Charity? He
will move heaven and earth for her.
Kay: And it still won't do any good, Simone. Miguel's going to be mine.

Miguel: All right. Look, everyone else is going to have to stay here.
It's too risky. I'll cross on my own and look for Charity.
Reese: Wait, let me check something first, see where this leads. Ok,
got it.
Miguel: What does it say?
Reese: Ok, there's the abyss right here, and once we get across, then
it leads us to another section of cave.
Miguel: Great. Well, I'll find my way.
Reese: Wait, wait, wait, hold on. There's something written on the map.
Looks like a message. The message says, "those who are pure of heart can
cross without falling in. But those who lack purity will not make it."
Simone: Guess that counts you out, Kay.
Jessica: All right. Well, I think that we should all stick together,
you know? So I'm going to go, too.
Reese: Count me in.
Miguel: Thanks.
Simone: Same here.
Kay: Sure. I'll go, too.
Miguel: You guys are true friends.
Jessica: We'd do anything to help you, Miguel. You know that.
Miguel: All right, I'll go first. I'll test it out.
Jessica: Whoa!
Miguel: I'm ok. Just have to take it slow.

Rebecca: The nerve of that man, I mean, coming down here to have a
fling with a floozy. Especially now that I'm here!
Luis: Who knows if he's up there with her now? I just know that Julian
had a young girl with him last night in his room.
Chad: That's strange.
Ethan: Wait. What's strange?
Chad: Well, how could Julian have had a girl in his room when he was
hanging out with Theresa all night? Remember?
Whitney: Yeah.
Chad: Trying to convince him to take Ethan back as his son?
Luis: And no one knows where Theresa is now?
Ethan: No. There was no answer in the room.
Luis: And no one knows where Julian is, either.
Ethan: Oh, my God.
Luis: Theresa.

Julian: Now, where were we? Oh, yes. I was about to take us both to new
heights. Now our honeymoon can really begin, my lovely bride.
Theresa: My honeymoon. My honeymoon.
Julian: Oh, yes. A night to remember.

Norma: Oh, you did good, father, thinking to use bugs to eat them
alive. Why, I had no idea you were so creative. [As father] thank you,
Norma. [Normal voice] though I have to admit, I would have enjoyed hacking
them to pieces. It's so much more personal, don't you think? [As father]
they're going to die, Norma. That's all that matters. We got our revenge.
[Normal voice] right you are, father, as always. Bugs away! Whoo!
Timmy: Oh! Oh! They're crawling all over Timmy! They're crawling up his
legs! Do something, Tabby!
Tabitha: Oh, there's nothing I can do, Timmy! This is it! We're
finished. There's no escape! Oh!
Timmy: There has to be a way to save Timmy and Tabby!
Tabitha: Not this time there isn't, Timmy! We're going to die!
Timmy: Save Timmy, princess! Save him!
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy! Oh, Timmy! Oh, Timmy, Timmy!

Charity: This must be some kind of a mistake. Theresa would never do
this. Never.
Warlock: No mistake.
Second Warlock: Theresa doesn't know where she is. She thinks she's
with Ethan.
Third Warlock: And when Julian touches her, she thinks it's Ethan.
Charity: Poor Theresa. If that's true, then there's no hope for her.

Simone: Ok.
Jessica: Got it. Come on.
Miguel: Good job, Simone. Now you, Kay. Come on.
Reese: Don't worry, Kay. Just like the message said, "those who are
pure of heart will be protected."
Kay: Right.
Kay: I can do this. I'm pure of heart.
Miguel: Kay! [Kay screams]









  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;















 Wednesday 9/5/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">







<!--
 div.MsoNormal
	{mso-style-parent:"";
	margin-bottom:.0001pt;
	font-size:12.0pt;
	font-family:"Times New Roman";
	color:black; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; margin-top:0in}
div.Section1
	{page:Section1;}
span.SpellE
	{}
span.GramE
	{}
-->















Wednesday 9/5/01








Reese: Don't worry, Kay. Just like the message said, those who are pure of
heart will be protected.
Kay: Right.
Kay: I can do this. I'm pure of heart.
[Kay screams]
Miguel: Kay!
Timmy: Be careful, prin-- ow!
Tabitha: Oh!
Timmy: Be careful! Ah!
Tabitha: Get up here, Timmy, get up here! The bugs are everywhere! They're
going to eat us alive, Timmy!
Timmy: Be careful, princess!
Norma: Hmm, hmm, this is what I call a feast for the eyes -- and the nose and
the lips and the ears! Ha-ha-ha! Eat hearty, my beauties!
Timmy: Is this really the end, princess?
Tabitha: Oh, oh, it would seem so, Timmy! All my powers are gone!
Timmy: Oh!
Tabitha: The sceptre was our last hope. Don't take it so hard, lad. You gave
it your best shot. I'm proud of you, Timmy.
Timmy: Really? Oh, his princess is proud of him? That's all Timmy's ever
wanted was to make his princess proud.
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy, Timmy.
Kay: Help! Help me!
Reese: Don't worry, Kay! We'll have you up here in no time!
Simone: How are we going to do that, Reese? We can't even see her down there.

Reese: I don't know. Not even the internet can help us now.
Jessica: Don't worry, Kay! We will find a way to get you out!
Kay: Well, hurry, will you? I don't know how much longer I can hang on!
Miguel: Charity's in danger. We've got to find her.
Jessica: Yeah, you know what, but Kay's in trouble, too.
Reese: You do what you have to, but I will not leave the woman I love here to
die.
Kay: Help! Help me, please! Help!
Pilar: Look how dark it's gotten. The moon's completely disappeared.
Eve: Those clouds came out of nowhere, the same way David Hastings just
suddenly showed up in Harmony to reclaim Grace as his wife.
Hank: You two love each other more than any couple I've ever known. You got
to stop fighting. I don't care what anybody says. You two are like one. You
belong together.
Luis: All we really know for sure is that Theresa is not in her own room.
Ethan: Yeah, and that Julian's been missing for a while now.
Chad: Which amounts to zip, y'all. I mean, Theresa's never had any love lost
for Julian Crane. What would she be doing in his room?
Ethan: Yeah, you're right. I don't know what I was thinking.
Gwen: Then where is she?
Luis: She could be anywhere. Maybe she took a walk on the beach.
Gwen: Hmm, in this weather, yeah.
Luis: Or she went to a restaurant to get a bite to eat. Wherever she is,
she's not with Julian.
Gwen: Or maybe everyone's refusing to see what's right in front of their
eyes. As soon as Theresa thought Ethan was a lost cause, she just latched on to
Julian.
Rebecca: The little tramp.
Ethan: Hey, Rebecca, shut the hell up, all right? Theresa would never be with
Julian.
Julian: And this little piggy went to the islands. This little piggy got
divorced. And this little piggy lucked out big-time. He married you, Theresa.
Now he's going to take you all the way home. Mmm, mmm, mmm. Let the honeymoon
begin.
Theresa: Honeymoon.
Julian: Yes, my little juicy fruit. I'm going to keep that smile on your face
forever.
Singer: Breathe in breathe out you keep me alive you are my passion for life
Timmy: Oh. Timmy and Tabby have to do something!
Tabitha: Oh! Like what?
Timmy: Timmy's thinking! Yo! Norma!
Norma: What do you want, mini-man? Oh, let me guess -- more bugs to crawl up
your pants? There you go!
Timmy: Oh, no! Timmy has a better idea. If Norma lets Timmy and Tabby out of
the pit, they'll be her friends!
Norma: I don't need any friends. I have daddy.
Timmy: Everyone needs friends, Norma! Timmy and Tabby will be nice to Norma.
They'll go everywhere with her and sing her praises. They'll never make fun of
her again!
Norma: Nah! I like my way better. What's the matter? Afraid you're going to
die? Hey, why don't you try that sceptre again or whatever it is you've got down
there? Oh, can't get it to work?
[Norma laughs]
Timmy: Norma will be sorry she treated Timmy this way! She'll see who's the
smart one!
Tabitha: Oh, easy, Timmy. Norma's very sensitive about her intellect.
Besides, I hate to say it, but it looks like noxious Norma's won.
Timmy: Timmy never says &quot;uncle.&quot;
Tabitha: Hey, wait, what --
Timmy: Mighty sceptre, Timmy's a little guy, but he needs a big favor. Bring
water to drown all the bugs!
Tabitha: Oh, be careful what you ask for, Timmy. If the sceptre responds, it
could send down too much water.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't care. He'd rather drown than get eaten by all these
bugs. Ah! Help! Help! Ow!
Tabitha: Oh!
Kay: Please! Please save me!
Reese: Hang on, Kay. We're trying to figure this thing out.
Kay: If I did anything to hurt anybody, I'm sorry. I really didn't mean to.

Jessica: What is she talking about?
Reese: She's probably in shock. She doesn't know what she's saying. I see
her! She's hanging on to a ledge to keep from falling the rest of the way into
the abyss!
Miguel: I want to get her out, but we can't save Kay and Charity at the same
time.
Jessica: Miguel, I can't leave my sister.
Miguel: Look, it's not like I want to leave her down there!
Jessica: You know what? Charity's my cousin, too, so I can't leave her
either.
Simone: Whatever you want to do, Miguel.
Kay: Well, hurry, please! I'm scared! I don't know how much longer I can hang
on!
Reese: Please, Miguel!
Jessica: Please.
Miguel: All right, all right, we'll give it a shot. Look, Kay, we're going to
try to get you out of there. But if we can't get you out quick enough, we're
going to go look for Charity and come back for you later.
Reese: If we don't get her back up here right now, it'll be too late when we
come back. She'll be dead.
Julian: Father certainly won't be thrilled to hear that you are his new
daughter-in-law. But who cares. Your baby-soft skin is worth his wrath and more.
Besides, he owes me for sending me down here to take care of Sheridan.
Theresa: Hmm.
Julian: And my reward is you as my very own arm candy.
Theresa: Hmm.
Julian: Mmm. To enjoy for the next, oh, twenty or so years? Because I would
think by then I'll grow tired of you and have to trade you in on a new model.
But right now I -- I must be just the luckiest man alive.
Theresa: I'm the lucky one.
Julian: Oh, glad to hear you think that, dear, and right you are because not
only have you married one of the wealthiest men in the world, you've also
married a man who knows how to please a woman.
Luis: Ethan, I know my sister. She wouldn't give Julian the time of day, much
less go to his room with him.
Ethan: Yeah, of course not. I mean, it's one thing that she came down here to
talk to Julian about me in a public place, but she'd never put herself in a
vulnerable position with him.
Luis: I got to admit that when I first heard that Julian was down here
fooling around with some young girl, Theresa popped into my mind.
Whitney: She did?
Luis: But not because I thought for a second that the girl was my sister.
It's just that it hit so close to home that some young girl was in over her head
with Julian. Sheridan kept telling me that -- where is she, Ethan?
Ethan: I wish I knew what to tell you.
Luis: I don't give a damn what the shore patrol says. I know that she's not
gone. Hey. Look, the storm is over. Have you sent out that search party yet?
Officer: I'm sorry, sir. I told you, there's no way Ms. Crane --
Luis: And I told you that Sheridan is not dead. Do you understand? Listen, I
don't know what happened out there, but she's alive and she's out there
somewhere.
Officer: Two of our shore patrol vessels were smashed. We're checking on the
others. As soon as we can get a boat and a chopper up, we'll resume rescue.
Luis: Well, good. As soon as I can find something that floats, I'm going back
out there myself, got it?
Rebecca: There's nothing we can do for Sheridan, but we can certainly take
care of Theresa.
Ethan: Rebecca, what are you talking about?
Gwen: My mother still thinks that Theresa's with Julian.
Rebecca: Yeah, I'd be willing to bet my engagement ring on it. Look, how can
you just stand there doing nothing when you know what she did? Has she no shame
at all?
Gwen: Ethan, listen, you know how I feel about you and I --
Ethan: Gwen, look, don't. You know I love Theresa.
Gwen: Yeah, that's what I don't understand. How can you love somebody who
cheats on you the second she thinks you're dead? And with somebody that you grew
up thinking was your father, no less.
Ethan: I don't believe that for a second.
Gwen: Why? It makes perfect sense. Her little scheme to have Julian reinstate
you as heir fizzled out, so she came down here to grab his millions and she
ended up in Julian's bed.
Ethan: Look, stop it, all right? Look, I know Theresa better than you and
your mother. She would never sleep with Julian -- never.
Luis: You know, maybe that's how you people act in your
money-means-everything world, but it's not that way with Theresa. Even Julian is
smart enough to know that if he ever laid a finger on my sister I would tear him
apart.
Ethan: Even if he did raise me, you'd have to get in line.
Rebecca: Well, all fine and noble sentiments, I'm sure, but what if I'm
right, huh? What if Julian has been -- oh, how do I put this delicately? --
Cuddling with Theresa in his room? What then, Ethan? You're going to still want
to defend her virtue so strongly? Are you still going to want to make her your
wife?
Sam: This is nuts. All our years together and I'm not sure I know who you
are. Should I stay or should I go?
Grace: That's up to you, Sam.
Sam: All I know is I don't want to fight anymore.
Grace: Neither do I.
Hank: See? You two have some common ground to work with.
Eve: If either one of them says the wrong thing, their entire marriage could
crumble.
Pilar: God, Eve, if their marriage can fall apart, what hope is there for the
rest of us?
Eve: That's exactly what I was wondering.
T.C.: Oh, thank God you-all are here! There's a hurricane coming and she's
moving fast.
Eve: Oh, that explains the sky.
T.C.: Yeah, the weather channel said the hurricane's is going to come here
and it's going to hit with 100 mile an hour winds.
Grace: Oh, my God, the girls are on Warlock Island!
T.C.: Yeah, I know. It's supposed to hit there before it's supposed to hit
here. We got Simone, Miguel, and your daughter’s right in its path.
Eve: Oh, my God. Hey, did you try to call Simone on her cell phone?
T.C.: Sweetheart, I tried, but the cell towers are down along with the beacon
for the boats.
Sam: Grace, don't worry about the kids. What happened to the boat that took
the kids out to the island? It was supposed to go back and pick them up.
T.C.: Sam, I got some bad news. The boat is missing.
Pilar: Missing?
T.C.: Yeah, and what's worse, the captain who was supposed to take them to
Warlock island didn't take them at all.
Grace: Why not?
T.C.: Somebody hit him over the head, tied him up down at the docks. We don't
know who took them to the island and what happened to the boats.
Sam: I'll call the coast guard.
T.C.: Sam, I've already done that. They have everybody on the water trying to
get them out before the storm hits.
Eve: But there are hundreds of boats out there. It could -- it could be hours
before anyone's available to mount a rescue for our kids!
Grace: Please, don't let anything happen to the girls.
T.C.: Let's get out of here.
Ethan: I won't dignify your question with an answer, Rebecca. You just let
yourself get carried away because we don't know where Theresa is.
Rebecca: Or Julian.
Luis: She's not with him, Rebecca. I'm not going to stand here and deny that
Theresa hasn't done some foolish things in her life, but there is one thing that
I know for certain -- she loves Ethan and she would die before she was ever
unfaithful with anyone -- especially your slime ball fiancé.
Rebecca: Oh, thank you very much, Luis.
Luis: Hey, don't mention it. I've got a few more choice names for Julian
Crane if you're interested.
Rebecca: I don't really care what you think about Julian. But he's the man
I'm going to marry, so I am not going to just stand here and let him take all
the blame for what is going on in his room. No, if Theresa is in there with him,
it's because she initiated the involvement.
Gwen: Ok, now, I don't even buy that. We all know what a letch Julian is. But
hey, I do agree that -- that if she's in there, they're only doing one thing.

Ethan: Ok, look, that's enough. Theresa would never let Julian touch her with
a ten-foot pole, unless she was heavily drugged.
Chad: Whitney, why ain't you defending Theresa?
Whitney: Oh, Chad, please, I mean, everybody knows it's ridiculous.
Chad: You know something. Don't you? Look, just tell me, all right? Ethan's
going crazy not knowing what's going on.
Whitney: Trust me, Chad, Ethan's going to know soon enough.
Ethan: Look, Whitney, do you have any idea where Theresa is? I mean, I know
she confides in you about everything.
Whitney: Ethan, what I do know is that Theresa was completely heartbroken
when she thought that you were lost at sea with Luis and Chad.
Chad: You know what, that's it. Dude, she doesn’t know that we made it back
to shore. She's probably up in the chapel right now, praying for our rescue. You
know what; let me go check it out. I'll be right back.
Ethan: All right.
Luis: Hey, excuse me. Do you know if Mr. Crane is up in his room?
Maid: Yes. I just saw him up there, but he asked not to be disturbed.
Ethan: Then I guess he's asleep, right?
Maid: I don't think so. He had company.
Ethan: Oh, was it a girl?
Maid: Yes, a pretty young woman with long, dark hair.
Rebecca: Uh-huh. Now do you all believe me?
Julian: God, you look like an angel when you're asleep. But when you're awake
and in the mood for love, I bet you're as wild as a hellcat. Why can't I
remember our first night of wedded bliss? Oh, never mind, because we'll have
many more, starting with tonight.
Theresa: Finally.
Julian: Yes. We can both remember for the rest of our lives.
Tabitha: Oh!
Timmy: Timmy always hoped when his time came that he and his princess would
be at home, sipping marTimmys and laughing at all the good times they had!
Tabitha: Oh, I hoped for better myself, Timmy. I can't tell you how much I
regret losing my powers. I've -- I've let you down!
Timmy: Timmy's not upset at you, princess. He doesn't blame you.
Tabitha: Oh, I blame myself. Oh, how galling to be bested, not by someone
with powers like Hecuba or even Charity, but by a hulking, great moose of a
crazy woman called Norma. Oh, I'm a disgrace to witches everywhere. What was
that?
Timmy: Timmy felt something on his head.
Tabitha: Oh, just try to ignore the bugs. Ignore them.
Timmy: It wasn't something creepy and crawly like a bug. It was wet -- like
rain. It's raining!
Tabitha: Oh! Oh! Oh, you're right, Timmy, it is raining! Oh, well done, lad!
Oh! Oh!
Timmy: Timmy --
Tabitha: The water has come that you asked the sceptre for!
Timmy: Timmy did it! Timmy made it rain! Timmy made a miracle! Look,
princess! All the bugs are drowning!
Tabitha: Oh, yes, yes, I see, Timmy, I see! Oh!
Timmy: Oh, hooray! Timmy and Tabby are saved!
Norma: Not so fast, you two! You may be wet, but you’re not getting out of
there alive! If the bugs don't kill you, this will!
Norma: Isn't anyone just the least bit curious as to what I'm up to?
Tabitha: Oh!
[Norma laughs]
Reese: This is all I could find. I hope it works.
Simone: Why wouldn't it work, Reese?
Reese: Never mind.
Jessica: No, what is it you're not telling us?
Reese: Well, when I was looking up this cave on my hand-held computer, I kind
of came across another legend.
Simone: Don't tell us if it's going to be morbid like the last one.
Jessica: No, no, I want to hear.
Reese: Well, it was about these kids who supposedly came camping here a long
time ago. They went exploring and they found this very same cave.
Miguel: So what happened to them?
Reese: Well, that's just the thing -- no one knows. They were never heard
from again.
Simone: Thanks for sharing that with us, Reese. That makes me feel a whole
lot better.
Jessica: No, you know what, I'm glad that he told us, Simone, because think
about it -- every legend that he's told us about this island has some truth to
it. You know, and I would be out of here right now if Kay weren't down there and
if -- and if Charity weren't lost somewhere in this cave.
Kay: Hello! Did you guys forget about me down here?
Miguel: Hang on, Kay, I'm coming! Hey, tie this end around your waist.
Reese: I should be the one who goes in. It's my sweetheart down there. I
should risk my life.
Miguel: No way. All right, Kay wouldn't be down there if I hadn't asked you
guys to help me look for Charity. I'll go.
Reese: Be careful, Miguel.
Miguel: Little less.
Reese: Can you see her, Miguel?
Miguel: Not yet.
Kay: Miguel, is that you?
Jessica: Oh, I think he found her!
Kay: Miguel, I'm scared. I'm afraid I'm going to fall.
Miguel: Kay, don't think like that, ok? So far you're doing great. This is
what I want you to do now. Let go with one hand and try to reach for mine.
Kay: It's too far, Miguel. I can't reach that far!
Miguel: We need a little more slack!
Kay: I'm sorry, Miguel, I can't do it!
Miguel: Yes, you can! We need a little more!
Reese: That's all there is, Miguel!
Kay: It's not long enough, Miguel. I'm going to die down here!
Miguel: No, you're not! All right, listen to me carefully, ok? Look, I'm
going to reach as far as I can and you have to stretch, and I mean really
stretch. You understand? Come on, Kay.
[Kay screams]
Miguel: Kay!
Kay: Miguel!
T.C.: The weather forecaster's advising everybody to stay in, batten down the
hatches, and just wait the storm out.
Grace: We have to do something to rescue the kids.
Hank: Those kids are more than capable of taking care of themselves. Every
one of them is smart and resourceful. Even if they do get stuck on the island,
they'll find a place to ride out the storm.
Grace: Sam, I'm scared.
Sam: Hey, Hank is right. All the kids know how to deal with this storm.
Grace: So when is this going to end?
David: The hurricane?
Grace: No. So much has happened to my family in the last year, I just -- I
feel like I'm being tested by God.
Sam: Hey, if he is testing you, you're going to pass with flying colors.
David: I want to help.
Sam: You can't.
Ivy: He's just offering to help, Sam.
Sam: Like I said, we'll be fine on our own.
Grace: You know, I think we can use everyone's help in this situation.
David: Grace, if your children are in danger, I want to do what I can.
Grace: Thanks.
Rebecca: I knew it. I knew Theresa is with Julian. She knows he has a
weakness for young girls and she knew how vulnerable he would be after his
divorce from Ivy. Look, I'm not exactly letting him off the hook, either, but if
she is up there in his room, then she is every bit as complicit in this as he
is.
Ethan: Rebecca, you don't know what you're talking about.
Luis: Look, if Theresa was up in Julian's room -- which I am sure she's not
-- he would've had to have drugged her or something because there's no way in
her right mind she would ever have gone up there.
Ethan: I guess I'm just going to have to prove it to them, Luis.
Luis: Yeah, do that. I'm going to go see whether this guy's got a boat ready
to rescue Sheridan.
Ethan: Yes, hotel operator, please connect me to Julian Crane's room.
[Phone rings]
Julian: Oh! For crying out loud! What -- more important things to do than
answer the phone. Where were we, my little wife-let?
Ethan: There's no answer.
Gwen: Well, that's not surprising, considering he's up there doing
God-knows-what with her.
Ethan: Well, he'd better not be. It'll be the last thing he ever does.
Rebecca: I'll get a gun. We'll kill them both.

Hank: Back off, pal.
David: I don't understand.
Hank: Let me spell it out for you, Hastings -- Sam's not only my brother,
he's the chief of police in this town. He's more than capable of taking care of
everyone during the hurricane, especially his own family.
David: I wasn't trying to cause any trouble. I was just offering my services.

Hank: Which aren't needed. Did you happen to notice who Grace turned to when
she found out the bad news of the storm, hmm? Sam -- which is the way it's
supposed to be. Frankly, you're just getting in the way.
David: I respect your opinion. I'm just surprised you don't respect Grace's,
also.
Hank: What's that supposed to mean?
David: Grace didn't reject my offer. She asked your brother to accept it. If
I were you, I'd be asking myself why Sam is so threatened every time Grace
sticks up for me.
Hank: It's all in your head.
David: Is it? And just for the record, I didn't come here to get in the way.
I came here to get my wife back.
Hank: Never going to happen.
David: Well, we'll just see have to see about that, won't we?
Sam: Hank. Listen, I want you to go with T.C. I want you to arrange for a
boat to get out to Warlock Island. I'm going to work on getting a beacon lit.
I'll meet you down at the dock, all right?
Eve: Honey, you will call me as soon as you hear anything about the kids?
T.C.: Yes, I will, sweetheart, and I'm sure that Simone and the others are
all right.
Eve: Well, I think I should get to the hospital.
T.C.: Ok.
Pilar: Eve, I think I'll go with you. Maybe I can help in some way.
Ivy: Look, I'm not taking David's side, but he's right, you're going to need
all the help you can get. Now, why don't you just let him do something and --
and let me do something, too. I'll do whatever you ask.
Ethan: Hold on a minute. I can't believe I'm letting you two get to me this
way. There is no way Julian and Theresa are together. Isn't that right, Whitney?

Whitney: Well, I know it's the last place she'd want to be.
Ethan: Yeah, exactly. So what'd he say?
Luis: He claims they're organizing a search-and-rescue mission right now. I
want him to cover a wider area than he thinks possible. Sheridan could've
grabbed onto a life preserver or a piece of driftwood or something.
Gwen: The current is so strong; she could've been carried out for miles.
Luis: And that's why I want to go with them because I'm not letting them give
up until I find her. You think I'm crazy, don't you?
Ethan: Look, Luis, I want Sheridan to be alive just as much as you do, but I
just don't know how she could've survived the hurricane, let alone the
explosion.
Luis: I'm not giving up until I find her.
Ethan: So was Theresa in the chapel?
Chad: Afraid not. I checked out the whole resort while I was at it. Nobody's
seen her in any of the public rooms.
Ethan: Well, then it's probably like Luis said -- she's out on the beach.
Rebecca: Or maybe I'm right and she is with Julian in his room. Look,
something is going on between those two, and if you won't find out what it is, I
will.
Timmy: Princess saved Timmy's life!
Norma: Damn! Not so fast, you two! I'm not finished with you yet!
Timmy: What does Tabby think Norma will do now?
Tabitha: Well, to be perfectly honest, Timmy, I'm not as worried about her as
I am about this torrential downpour! If we don't get out of here soon, we're
going to drown in all this water!
Timmy: Timmy thought the scepter was answering his prayers when it started to
rain!
Tabitha: Well, that's what I warned you about, Timmy! The scepter belongs to
the warlocks. Maybe they got wind of the fact that you and I were playing around
with their personal arsenal!
Timmy: But Timmy didn't mean any harm!
Tabitha: Oh, well, they don't care about that! I told you, they hate me for
what I did to them hundreds of years ago and they know how to bear a grudge!
Maybe -- maybe they even kept Norma from killing us because they wanted the
pleasure of doing us in themselves! Oh, well, it seems they've sent us a
hurricane to end all hurricanes, and us along with it!
[Timmy cries]
Kay: Miguel, I'm going to fall!
Miguel: No, Kay, hang on! Look, we've got to have some more rope!
Reese: There isn't any more! Wait a minute. Maybe there is. Hold onto my
legs.
Jessica: Ok.
Reese: I hope it's enough.
Miguel: So do I, buddy.
[Miguel groans]
Miguel: All right, I've got her! Get us out of here!
Jessica: Gotcha, gotcha. A little more.
Kay: Oh, God. Oh, God.
Reese: Thank God.
Jessica: Thank you, Miguel.
Simone: I was so scared.
Kay: Miguel, Miguel, you saved my life. I love you.
Reese: You know, it's common in any culture for the rescued to be a little
overemotional with the rescuer.
Miguel: Hey, it's all right, Kay. All right, it's all over, it's all over.
You're fine now.
Kay: I want to go home.
Miguel: Not yet. We still have to find Charity. Charity? Charity, where are
you? Charity? Where could she be?
Simone: Are you all right? How could you smile at a time like this? Do you
know something about Charity you're not saying?
Ethan: All right. If this is going to shut you up, fine, I'll go up to
Julian's room and we'll see who he's with, but I know it's not Theresa.
Luis: Yeah, count me in, too, if it'll shut her up. I never thought I'd meet
anyone who deserved Julian, but you definitely do.
Gwen: Ok, I think you guys need to be prepared for what you might find up
there.
Ethan: I'm not going to find Theresa.
Rebecca: Look, Gwen is just trying to spare you an unpleasant shock. And the
only two people I'm hoping to catch off-guard are Julian and his little tartita.

Luis: Shut up.
Ethan: Rebecca, that's enough.
Rebecca: Well, ok, fine, you just be as self-righteous and indignant as you
want now, but I'm afraid I'm going to be the one that has the last word here.

Luis: Yeah.
Ethan: So we going to go to his room or not?
Gwen: How are you ever going to find it in your heart to forgive her if you
find her up there?
Whitney: Are you going to go up there with those guys, too?
Chad: Well, I'd better. Don't you think? I mean, if it does turn out that
Theresa is with Julian, then I'm going to have to keep Ethan from committing
murder. You're coming, too, aren't you?
Whitney: Oh, uh, I'll be right behind you, ok?
Chad: Ok.
Whitney: Yeah, Julian Crane's room, please.
[Phone rings]
Julian: Damn it! God! Whoever this is, I'm not receiving calls.
Whitney: Mr. Crane? Mr. Crane, its Whitney. Is Theresa up there with you?
Julian: Not that it's any of your business, but yes, my bride is right beside
me in bed. I'm in the middle of consoling her over the deaths of her older
brother and her ex-fiancé.
Whitney: No, see, that's what I want to tell you. Look, you don't --
Julian: Would you please show some respect and leave us alone? Huh! Ah.
Whitney: Please, Theresa, get out of there while you can. If Ethan and Luis
find you in Julian's bed, it's all over.
Timmy: Thanks, princess.
Tabitha: Oh, don't thank me yet, Timmy. The water's going to be up to our
necks in short order! Oh!
Timmy: What? What, princess?
Tabitha: The ground. The ground seems to be moving under my feet!
Timmy: Uh-oh.
Tabitha: Oh, the -- the rain and the boulder must have -- must have shifted
the earth!
Timmy: Oh, no!
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy, I feel as if we're in a giant bathtub and -- and
somebody's pulled the plug out of the drain and it's -- it's trying to suck us
down! Oh, Timmy! Timmy! Timmy, I think we're in for it!
[Timmy screams]
Tabitha: Hold on, hold on! Hold on, Timmy!
Reese: Charity?
Jessica: She's got to be here somewhere.
Miguel: We'll find her.
Simone: You know why you fell into the abyss, don't you?
Kay: Because I'm a klutz?
Simone: No, because your heart's not pure.
Kay: Give me a break, Simone, ok? I fell into the abyss because of the legend
that Reese told us about the two girls that were in love with the same guy. It
was meant to happen so that Miguel would have to choose who to rescue first.
Simone: I hate to bust your bubble, Kay, but we had to beg Miguel to go in
there after you. He wanted to go find Charity.
Kay: Well, it's what he did that matters. He chose to rescue me, not her.
That's why I was smiling.
Simone: Oh, I get it. You figure that the legend is going to repeat itself,
that the other girl who loved the same guy is dead.
Kay: Well, it makes sense, doesn't it? You know what it means if I'm right?
That the girl who lives gets the boy and that would be me.
Sam: Grace, I want you to go to the old shed and get all the blankets,
lanterns, and all the supplies you can get your hands on and start setting up an
emergency station in here. People are going to need a safe, dry place to come to
during the night.
Grace: What are you going to do?
Sam: Well, I'm going to work on getting the beacon lit so we have enough
light to get out to the island. Listen, the kids are going to come home safe and
sound.
Grace: I don't know what I'd do if anything happened to them.
Sam: You want to help out? You can stay here and do whatever you want.
Ivy: What do you want me to do, Sam?
Sam: Well, you can help out here, too, all right? It's up to you.
Ethan: You know, this is a big waste of time. All we're going to find is
Julian drunk in bed.
Luis: With some other poor girl who's not my sister.
Gwen: I think you're both just afraid that you're going to find Theresa up
there and you don't want to admit it to my mother and me or to yourselves.
Rebecca: You're going to have to admit it when you find them there together,
and then all hell is going to break loose.
Gwen's voice: And Theresa's goose is finally going to be cooked.
Julian: Oh. Who would have thought it? You know, I've been married for more
years than I care to remember, and it's no secret I've had some torrid sex in my
day, but I never, ever imagined in my wildest dreams that I could -- Here is to
many years of conjugal bliss, Mrs. Crane. &nbsp;




 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!








  Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 9/6/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 9/6/01







Tabitha: Ah! Oh! Oh! I can't keep my balance, Timmy! It feels like
quicksand!
Timmy: Can't Tabby do something?
Tabitha: No! We're being liquidated by those spiteful old warlocks.
Someone must have got into their underground lair and woken them up.
Timmy: It's like Timmy and Tabby are in a giant bath tub and someone
pulled out the drain. What's going to happen to Timmy and Tabby?
Tabitha: Oh! I haven't got a clue. But this is all your fault, Timmy!
You cast all those spells with that bloody scepter. Now you've brought
all this rain! Now we're just going to have to go with the flow!
Timmy: Oh!
Warlocks: Come with us, Charity. Come with us. Help us. Help us. Help
us, Charity. Help us, Charity. Help us, Charity. Help us! Help us,
Charity. Help us, Charity. Help us! Help us, Charity. Charity, help us.
Help us. Help us, Charity.
Miguel: Charity!
Jessica: Charity, where are you?
Reese: Tell us so we can help you.
Kay: This is such a lost cause. We haven't even heard Charity call
out in a while. For all we know, she could be dead by now.
Simone: Bite your tongue, Kay.
Kay: Well, I can't help it if the legend that Reese told us about is
coming true and the crazy psychic girl that's in love with the same guy
as the pretty, normal one is dead or dying -- which means I'm going to
get Miguel.
Simone: You're heading for a big fall, Kay.
Kay: Yeah, right into the bed with Miguel.
Simone: I meant you almost didn't make it across that chasm because
your heart's not pure.
Kay: I lost my balance, Simone. That's all.
Simone: Oh, you've lost it all right, and if you don't stop hoping
for your cousin's death, you may not make it out alive.
Grace: It's a good thing we put these supplies out here before the
house was destroyed.
Grace: Well, Sam said the cell tower's out, but maybe they fixed it.

[Phone rings]
Sam: Chief Bennett
Grace: Sam, it's me. I can hardly hear you.
Sam: Same here. You're going to have to speak up. We have a weak
connection. Could go out any minute. Are you all right?
Grace: Yes, I'm fine. I'm just worried about the kids being stranded
on Warlock Island in a hurricane.
Sam: They know how to seek shelter in bad weather.
Grace: But this is such a strong storm, and it's getting worst.
Sam: Hank and T.C. are waiting for me on the dock. We'll go out and
get the kids as soon as I get the emergency beacon up and running again.
It must have been taken out by lightning. We need it to help us
navigate.
Grace: Sam, just be careful. If lightning struck the beacon pole
once, it can strike it again.
Sam: Grace, don't worry about me. I'll be fine. I love you. Don't
worry. Everything's going to work out, I promise. We belong together,
and we're going to stay together no matter what.
Grace: I love you, too, Sam. Sam? It's out. It's still not working.
I'll try later. Please, God, keep Sam and my children safe, please.
[Door opens and closes]
Grace: Pilar, is that you?
David: It's me -- David.
Ivy: Sam, I think I have what you want.
Sam: Ivy, what are you doing here?
Ivy: I came to help you.
Whitney: You know, go on up to Julian's room and I'll be up there in
just a second, ok?
Chad: Do you know where Theresa is?
Rebecca: I know where Theresa is. She's in bed with my fiancé.
Ethan: Look, Rebecca, that's ridiculous.
Whitney: I got to call Mr. Crane again to at least try to warn the
man. If Ethan and Luis find Theresa in Julian's room, they're going to
kill him.
Rebecca: I don't begrudge Julian his dalliances with other women.
It's less work for me. But I draw the line at his double-dipping with
Theresa. She's nothing but a gold-digging little chalupa.
Luis: You better stop calling my sister names.
Gwen: Well, if the sombrero fits --
Ethan: Gwen!
Luis: My sister would never be with a pig like Julian, all right?
Gwen: Well, the maid said that he was with a pretty girl who had long
dark hair, so --
Chad: Ooh.
Luis: I refuse to believe its Theresa.
Chad: No way.
Luis: And the only way my sister would be up in Julian's room is if
he drugged her and dragged her there.
Chad: Look, Julian Crane is a fool, but he would never do something
that stupid.
Luis: That's right.
Ethan: No. But I meant what I said earlier. If he's done anything to
Theresa, I'm going to tear him apart.
Luis: Not if I get to him first.
Rebecca: No, you won't because I will. And believe me, there will not
be anything left when I'm through with Julian and Theresa.
Julian: Oh. Brace yourself, my Bonita bride. This is going to be the
most exciting night of your life. Nirvana, here we come.
Theresa: Ethan --
Julian: Forget about my former son. Ethan and Luis and Chad all died
at sea looking for Sheridan in the storm. Tragic for them, but it was so
fortuitous for me because had they lived to find me in bed with you, my
bride, I'd be one dead groom. But as it is, I'm not dead. I'm very much
alive.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and
kiss the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the
wings of the bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out
you keep me alive you are the fire burning inside of me you are my
passion for life…
Grace: What are you doing here?
David: There storm's getting worse. I just want to help.
Grace: Well, you know, I can manage all of this. I think you should
just get back to the park and help Sam with the beacon.
David: It's going to take you hours to haul all this stuff down to
the church by yourself. Besides, Sam doesn't want my help. He wants me
to disappear. And that's impossible after what happened tonight. You
know there's no going back for us now.
Grace: David --
David: Father Mike remembers marrying us in Hartford. And when we
re-enacted our wedding, you had a memory of another wedding. That was
our wedding, Grace.
Grace: Look, I don't know what to think about what happened at the
church earlier.
David: In your heart, you do. You know we're husband and wife. You
know we have a past together, and hopefully, a future.
Grace: I can't deal with this right now. My children are stranded out
on an island, and by the time that Sam and T.C. and Hank get out there
to get them, they could need medical attention, so I have really got to
get the emergency shelter up and running for everybody. You know, this
storm came on so quickly, nobody was prepared for it.
David: So, what are we waiting for?
Sam: Ivy, go home. You've led a privileged life. You don't have what
it takes to help me fight a storm like this.
Ivy: Oh, the hell I don't! Just tell me what to do!
Sam: I told you -- go home. This storm is dangerous. I don't want to
have to wind up taking care of you, too. I have enough on my mind,
worrying about my kids and their friends being marooned on Warlock
Island.
Ivy: You don't have to worry about me, Sam! I'm tougher than you
think. Besides, it's obvious you need some help.
Sam: Not from you.
Ivy: Well, I'm going to help you whether you like it or not. You need
to get the beacon working, Sam. I'm as worried about the kids as you
are.
Sam: Why? They aren't your kids.
Ivy: No, they're not. But Kay and Jessica -- they're our son's half
sisters, and you and Noah and the girls, well, you're family to Ethan
now and I'll be damned if I'm going to let him lose anything else. He's
lost so much already.
Sam: You sure you're up to this?
Ivy: Please. I survived 20 stormy years of marriage to Julian. I
think I can take a little hurricane.
Rebecca: I knew something was up the minute Julian defended Theresa.
She probably got her hooks into him the minute she thought that Ethan
had drowned in the hurricane.
Ethan: If Theresa's in Julian's room -- and that's a big if --
Julian's probably the one who's got his hooks in Theresa.
Luis: That's right. If Crane’s hurt my sister, I'm going to wipe the
floor with him, and then I'm going to kill him.
Chad: Yeah, guys, guys, guys, guys, just chill, ok? I mean, you could
be jumping to the wrong conclusion. You know, Theresa don't know the
three of us came back alive. She could be off somewhere grieving.
Rebecca: Excuse me. Reality check here. We looked everywhere for
Theresa. She wasn't anywhere.
Gwen: Yeah, meanwhile, the maid said Julian was with a girl who had
long dark hair.
Rebecca: Yeah, and two plus two equals one opportunistic slut, even
if you don't want to admit it.
Ethan: You know if you were a guy, Rebecca, I'd punch your lights out
for disrespecting Theresa.
Luis: If Theresa's the girl that the maid saw in Julian's room, then
that means that Julian lured her there and she's in danger. I just wish
I had my gun.
Julian: Brace yourself, my treasure trove of delights. I'm about to
stake my claim.
Theresa: Yes. Yes. Make me yours, my love. Mi Corazon.
Julian: Oh. Ole.
[Phone rings]
Julian: Uh!
[Rings]
Whitney: Answer the phone, Mr. Crane. You are a dead man if you
don't.
[Rings]
Julian: What now?
Whitney: Mr. Crane, Mr. Crane, look, just listen to me for a second,
ok? I need to talk to Theresa.
Julian: I told you not to bother Theresa and me on our honeymoon.
Whitney: Ethan and Luis are alive.
Julian: What?
Whitney: Ethan and Luis are alive, and so is Chad.
Julian: But that's impossible. They all died at sea in a storm.
Whitney: No, no, they didn't, they survived, and they think Theresa
is up there with you.
Julian: Oh, egad.
Whitney: They're on their way up there right now.
Julian: No.
Whitney: With Mrs. Hotchkiss.
Julian: Oh, my God! I'm one doomed groom.
Warlocks: Save us, Charity! Save us!
Charity: I'm not sure that I can.
Warlock: Use our powers to free us from this place.
Charity: But how?
Warlock: Kill the witch! Kill Tabitha!
Second Warlock: And don't let anything stop you.
Kay: If we don't get out of here soon, Charity's not going to be the
only one to die. We're all going to end up dead.
Simone: We cannot leave here until we find Charity.
Kay: Yeah, well, if we keep looking, all we're going to find is
trouble.
Miguel: Charity, where are you? Charity! Charity!
Warlocks: Kill the witch. Kill Tabitha.
Charity: Miguel! I'm over here.
Warlock: Your friends will try to take you away from us.
Second Warlock: We won't let you leave until you free us.
Third Warlock: And if your friends interfere, we will destroy them!

Julian: Theresa's here with me. If Luis and Ethan find us together,
they'll kill me with Rebecca cheering them on.
Whitney: That's what I’ve been trying to tell you. You have to get
Theresa out of there right now.
Julian: Oh. Oh.
Julian: God. Get up, Theresa. Our respective fiancées and your
brother cannot find you in my room, much less in my bedroom. Theresa,
this is no time for a catnap. My pet, wake up. Wake -- wake -- I'll have
to dress her myself and get her back to her room.
Julian: Whoo-hoo wake up! Wake up dear oh! Wake up, dear. Oh, God.
Hey, how do morticians do this? Ok, all right, wake up, wake up. Come
on, rise and shine, darling. Yes, yes. Up and at 'em now. No. Up. Up,
up, up, up, up, up, up, up! Up. My dear, we're going for a little walk.

Theresa: I love taking walks with you, Ethan.
Julian: Yes, whatever, dear. All right, you just stand right here. Be
a good girl. I'll make sure it's safe to venture out. Good. There's no
sign of them yet.
Luis: So help me God, if Julian's hurt my sister, he's a dead man.

Ethan: You got that right.
Julian: Theresa, hurry! They'll be here any minute! There's-- oh, God.
So much for getting her out of the room. I'll have to hide her instead.
The angry mob will be here any moment.
All: Kill the monster!
Luis: Kill the monster!
Ethan: Kill the monster!
Chad: Kill the monster!
Ethan: Kill Julian Crane!
Chad: Kill Julian!
All: Kill Julian Crane! Kill Julian Crane! Kill Julian Crane! Kill
Julian Crane!
Luis: Kill the monster!
Chad: Kill the monster!
Ethan: Kill the monster!
Gwen: Kill him!
Julian: I'm going down in flames.
[Julian cries]
Ethan: There's Julian's room.
Luis: He better not have my sister in there.
Rebecca: And Theresa better not have her claws in my fiancé.
Julian: Oh, Oh, please God, wake up. This is no time for a siesta.
Please. Oh. Dead to the world, as I soon may be.
[Knock on door]
Warlock: Help us get free, Charity.
Second Warlock: Kill Tabitha and we will tell you more secrets.
Third Warlock: Show you more of what's to come.
First Warlock: Like we let you see Luis and Sheridan's fate.
Sheridan: Luis!
Luis: Sheridan? Sheridan!
Sheridan: Luis!
Warlock: Remember, if Miguel tries to take you from us before you
kill Tabitha, we will kill you and your friends.
Miguel: Charity!
Jessica: Charity, where are you?
Reese: Shout so we can find you.
Kay: Simone, we've come so far into this cave. How are we ever going
to find our way out of here?
Simone: I don't know, but we're not stopping until we find Charity.

Kay: You mean Charity's body because she has to be dead by now.
Simone: Ugh.
Miguel: Look! It's Charity!
David: We have lanterns, flashlights, batteries --
Grace: I think we need some more blankets.
David: Blankets -- ok. You know what this reminds me of?
Grace: No, I don't.
David: We'd come back from our honeymoon and made up our bed in our
new apartment. And you laid down on the fresh white sheets and you
looked up at me with those shiny eyes and you said -- you said you'd
never been happier in your life and that you loved me and our life
together so much.
Grace: I don't remember any of that.
David: You will, Grace. You will. I know that your love for me didn't
disappear. It's there inside you. I know it is.
Sam: I've rewired the beacon. Now all I have to do is climb the pole.
Now, if you insist on helping me, here, shine the light on me so I can
see what I'm doing.
Ivy: Oh, but, Sam, what if you get struck by lightning? You could --

Sam: Look, it's a chance I have to take. Now, I want you to stand
clear in case I lose my footing and fall.
Ivy: You'd be killed!
Sam: Listen, Hank, T.C., and I won't make it off to Warlock Island
without this beacon to guide us.
Ivy: Just be careful.
Sam: Don't worry about me. Now, if the storm gets too much for you,
just put the searchlight down on the ground and go home where it's safe.

Ivy: Sam, I am not going to leave you. Together, we can fix this.
Ivy: Sam!
[Pounding on door]
Ethan: Julian!
Rebecca: We know you're in there!
Luis: Open up!
[Pounding on door]
Julian: And face certain death? No, thank you. Theresa -- my God. Big
help you are. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Julian: Yes, operator. This is Julian Crane. Connect me with
security. Terrorists are trying to break into my suite.
[Pounding on door]
Luis: Julian, open up!
Rebecca: And be quick about it!
[Pounding on door]
Whitney: Hey.
Chad: Hey. You take care of what you had to do?
Whitney: Yeah, yeah, I hope so. So what's going on?
Chad: We're waiting for Mr. Crane to open up.
Ethan: Hey, Julian, look, it's Ethan. Luis and I need to talk to you
about Theresa. Do you know where she is?
Rebecca: She's in there with you, isn't she, Julian?
Ethan: Theresa, hey, it's Ethan. Are you in there?
Theresa: Ethan.
Julian: No, I said connect me to hotel security, not hotel services.
Now, get it right before I get it right between the eyes.
Theresa: Ethan.
Miguel: Charity!
Jessica: You got her?
Reese: Careful.
Simone: You were dying for Charity to fall into that sinkhole,
weren't you?
Kay: Simone, I don't have to wish for Charity to die. The legend says
she's going to die on Warlock Island anyway.
Simone: No, not if Miguel has anything to do with it.
Miguel: Thank God I found you, Charity. I can't imagine living my
life without you.
Kay: I can.
Charity: I was so afraid I was never going to see you again.
Miguel: No. I would go to the ends of the earth to save you.
Reese: Well, this cave could definitely pass for some faraway
forbidding place.
Jessica: Yeah. How'd you end up here in the first place, Charity?
Charity: I'm not sure.
Reese: Ahem. Well, Kay and I were supposed to be keeping an eye on
you at camp, but you gave us the slip.
Jessica: Yeah, and then we found a piece of your clothes, like, stuck
in a wall of rock, and it was almost like it just opened and swallowed
you up.
Charity: Really?
Jessica: Yeah.
Reese: Now, I wonder if Tabitha had anything to do with this.
Jessica: Oh, not again. Here we go.
Reese: Where is Tabitha? And her little doll, too.
Tabitha: Oh.
[Tabitha chokes and gasps]
Grace: David,
Grace: David, I never would have married you if I didn't love you,
but I don't -- I don't remember you. I don't remember a love for you. I
love Sam, my husband.
David: I'm your husband, Grace. I am, not Sam.
Grace: You know, maybe by law or in the eyes of the church, but Sam
is the only man in my life. I love him.
David: That's not true. When you kissed me in church tonight, I could
sense that you still loved me just as I still love you.
Grace: You've really loved me all these years, not knowing where I
was or what had become of me?
David: Of course I have. On our wedding day, I vowed to love and
cherish you for the rest of my life. And made that promise in a church
before you and God, and I'll never break it. You're the only woman I
ever loved, Grace, and you're the only woman I'll ever love.
Sam: I'm ok!
Ivy: Oh. Thank God!
Sam: Now, keep the light on me until I get to the top so I can
reconnect the beacon.
Ivy: Sam, this is just too dangerous! You could get blown off by the
wind or struck by lightning like the beacon did. Why don't you just wait
until the storm lets up?
Sam: This hurricane is huge. It could last for days. The kids can't
stay stranded on Warlock Island that long. I have to get the beacon
hooked up to help us navigate a boat out there to pick up the kids.
Ivy: Whoa -- damn.
Sam: I need that post to reconnect the beacon. I'm going to climb
down and get it.
Ivy: No, I'll get it, and then I'll meet you halfway!
Sam: No, Ivy, you'll kill yourself trying to climb up that pole!
Ivy: It'll save time!
Sam: Be careful!
Ethan: Julian!
Luis: Open up!
Whitney: Well, he's not -- he's not answering, so maybe he's in the
shower and just can't hear you guys banging. We should probably go back
down to the lobby. Theresa's probably there by now, don't you think?
Rebecca: You poor naive girl. Look, you see that &quot;do not disturb&quot;
sign? Julian is not taking a shower. Theresa is taking him for a ride on
the box-spring express.
Ethan: Rebecca, that's ridiculous and disgusting.
Luis: You are sick --
Ethan: Look, Whitney, we're going to stay here until Julian opens up
that door.
[Knock on door]
Luis: There's definitely something going on.
Ethan: And if he doesn't open the door, we'll just get hotel security
to open it.
Julian: What do you mean; the line to hotel security is busy? This is
an emergency. &quot;Call back later.&quot; I am Julian Crane! Now, you put me
through immediately! Hello? Hello? How dare they hang up on me! How dare
they!
Theresa: Ethan.
Julian: Oh.
Ethan: I just heard footsteps. What if Rebecca's right? What if
Theresa is in there with Julian?
Rebecca: Of course she is. Theresa is trying to get her hooks into my
pookie.
Luis: Julian! Theresa! Open up!
Theresa: Luis, Ethan --
Julian: Oh, oh --
Ethan: Hey, Chad, why don't you go get hotel security and get them to
open the door?
Chad: Sure, man.
Luis: If my sister's in there, there's no time.
Ethan: Yeah, you're right. Let's just break it down.
Luis: Uh-uh. Got a better idea.
Ethan: Hang on, Theresa! We're coming in!
Julian: Oh, God, they'll kill me if they find us together. I have to
hide you, but where? Oh, perfect.
Julian: Here, dear. Now, you must be very, very quiet, my sweet, or I
shall be -- very -- [Julian whimpers]
Julian: Very dead. Whoa! All right, now, do you understand? Well, you
try.
Luis: If my sister's in there, then Crane doesn't deserve to live.
Agh!
Grace: I'm so worried about everybody stranded out on Warlock Island.

David: Well, despite the name, I'm sure they'll be all right.
Grace: I wish I could believe that, but this lightning scares me. It
makes me think that something terrible is about to happen.
David: Hmm. That's exactly what you said when you left for Boston and
I never saw you again.
Grace: I did?
David: Yeah. It was raining -- not as heavy as this -- but there was
lightning and thunder, and you were worried that something terrible
would happen, that somehow we'd be torn apart. And I said to you -- I
said nothing would ever separate us. But you still left Boston with this
feeling that you'd never see me again.
Grace: And that's exactly what happened. I wound up stranded in a
burning building, and Sam rescued me, and when I woke up, I didn't have
a shred of my memory left. David, I don't have any -- any memory of a
past with you.
David: You will. We'll remember together. I lost you once, but now
that I’ve found you, I -- I'll never lose you again.
Grace: You know we really should make the first run to the church.
There's a lot of stuff. It's going to take some time, and the storm is
getting worse.
David: Right.
[Grace gasps]
Grace: What was that?
Sam: Yeah, I'm impressed. I didn't think you could make it all the
way up here.
Ivy: Well, quite frankly, neither did I.
Sam: You've been a big help. Now, I want you to go back down as fast
as you can, but be careful. I'll be down as soon as I get the beacon
hooked up.
Ivy: Aye-aye, Captain.
Ivy: Oh! Sam, you did it!
Sam: Ivy, what are you still doing here? Get down off the pole before
you get blown off!
Ivy: Ok, ok. I'll be down in a flash.
Sam: Ivy! Ivy, hang on!
Miguel: Reese?
Jessica: Tabitha, are you ok?
Tabitha: Oh, dear.
Jessica: Here.
Tabitha: Oh, dear. Ooh. Oh, well. Timmy and I are a bit waterlogged,
but we'll be all right once we get out of this place.
Kay: If we get out of here.
Timmy: Ow!
Reese: I want to know where you and your little doll just came from.

Tabitha: So do I, Ross! One minute I was walking in the woods with
Timmy, and the next thing I knew the skies opened up in a torrent of
rain. It was like an instant hurricane had hit this island. And I
suppose Timmy and I must have been caught up in a flash flood, and
whoosh! We landed right up on your noggin.
Miguel: Wait a minute, Tabitha. You said a hurricane came in.
Tabitha: Well, it was more than a passing shower, I assure you.
Miguel: Well, the weather's supposed to be clear. I mean, how could a
hurricane just suddenly hit the island?
Timmy's voice: Timmy will take the fifth on that.
Reese: Maybe Tabitha cast some kind of spell!
Tabitha: What are you talking about?
Jessica: Look, Tabitha is just a harmless old woman. Now, lay off.

Warlock: We need your powers to help us destroy the horrible that
trapped us on this island centuries ago.
Charity: A witch? What witch?
Charity: Tabitha's not harmless. You're a witch!
Grace: What was that crash? It sounded like something fell outside.

David: I don't know. I'll check.
Grace: Be careful. I mean, if the power lines fell down, it could be
dangerous.
David: Don't worry. I won't let anything happen to me now that you're
your back in my life.
David: Ugh! Oh! Well, looks like that tree fell in front of the door.

Grace: My God. We could have been killed.
David: Yeah. We were very lucky. The real question is; how are we
going to get out of here?
Sam: Ivy! Ivy! Ivy, hang on! I'm coming!

Luis: Ugh!
Julian: I'm going to put you in here. Oh, damn, this isn't big enough
to hide you in here. Can't the French do anything right? What now? The
bathroom. I'll hide you in the bathroom. Oh, come here.
Luis: I know you're in there, Crane. I should have torn you apart
when you had that girl in the bathroom before.
Rebecca: It was probably Theresa.
Julian: I can't hide you in the bathroom. It's the first place
they'll look. Where can I stash you?
Luis: Ugh! Ugh!
Chad: You don't look so good. What's wrong?
Whitney: I'm just really worried about Theresa, that's all.
Luis: I'm coming in!
Julian: Oh, God. I'm getting the axe.


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 9/7/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 9/7/01







Charity: Tabitha's a witch! You, Tabitha Lenox -- you're a witch!
Tabitha: I don't know what you're talking about. I'm just a harmless
old woman.
Timmy's voice: Princess is so busted.
Reese: You see, I'm right. I've been saying that for ages, but now
Charity is saying it, too.
Miguel: Look, come on, Reese. Charity, do you think Tabitha's a
witch?
Kay: Charity is such a nut case. Why would Miguel want to be saddled
with that for the rest of his life?
Simone: Because he loves her.
Kay: Well, he should be with me. She should be locked up forever.
Miguel: Charity, what's wrong? Why are you calling Tabitha a witch?

Charity: Because it's true, Miguel. The Warlocks told me.
Tabitha: Warlocks?
Kay: Warlocks.
Jessica: No, no, no, wait, wait. Isn't that what you found on the
internet? Ok. Do you think there's Warlocks on this island?
Reese: Yeah, I believe it.
Charity: You -- you're a witch, Tabitha Lenox.
David: It's going to take heavy machinery to get this door open.
Grace: But we have to get out of here. We have to get these supplies
to the church.
David: Look here. We'll find a way. Don't worry.
Grace: The storm's getting worse, and I am worried about everybody
stranded on Warlock Island.
David: Look, Sam's going to fix the beacon, ok? He's going to get out
there, and he's going to get them.
Grace: Yes. He has to save them, and he has to bring them to the
church, and we have got to get out of here.
David: Yes, we will. We'll find a way, Grace.
Ivy: Oh, Sam, you did it!
Sam: Ivy, what are you still doing here? Get out off the boat before
you get blown off.
Ivy: Ok, ok, I'll be down in a flash.
Sam: Ivy! Ivy, hang on!
[Pounding on door]
Julian: God, Luis is going to kill me if he finds me with Theresa. I
have to hide her somewhere.
Ethan: You see anything?
Luis: I can't tell. Julian, if you are in there with Theresa, you're
a dead man.
Rebecca: Keep chopping, Luis. Oh, if Theresa is in there with Julian,
I want first dibs on that weasel. Because when I finish with him, there
isn't going to be anything left for Ethan and Luis to kill.
[Luis grunts]
Whitney: Theresa.
Chad: Whitney, what is wrong? Why are you so scared?
Whitney: Look, it's just so horrible, Chad, ok? It's worse than you
could ever imagine.
Julian: Dear God, where can we hide?
Julian: Oh, my God --
Theresa: Luis -- I have to talk to him.
Julian: Don't!
Theresa: I have to talk to Ethan.
Julian: You cannot talk to anyone. We have to hide.
Theresa: Hide?
Julian: Yes. Ethan and Luis will kill me. I need to hide you. But
where? Not the bathroom. It's the first place they'd look. I already
tried the armoire. Under the bed.
Rebecca: I can't wait until I get my hands on that bastard.
Whitney: Theresa's not going to get out of this one.
Chad: Whitney, it's ok. Luis is going after Julian, not Theresa.
Whitney: You just don't understand, Chad.
Chad: Don't understand what?
Luis: Where are you, Julian?
Charity: Tabitha's a witch. A witch.
Kay: She is totally cracked.
Reese: I'm glad someone besides me finally sees it.
Jessica: Look, Reese, stop it. Tabitha's not a witch, and you know
that. She's -- she's just kind of -- eccentric, you know?
Tabitha: That's right. I'm eccentric. But a witch? I don't know how
to answer this accusation. Miguel, I really fear for Charity. She's not
well.
Miguel: I know. Something happened to her.
Reese: Stop trying to change the subject. Look at what's going on
outside. A hurricane suddenly pops up out of the blue with no warning
whatsoever. Only way that could happen is if an evil witch cast a spell.

Miguel: Reese, look, don't talk crazy. We all know how unpredictable
the weather can be.
Jessica: You know what, Reese? I think you're the one who's not well.

Miguel: Look, Charity. You said that Warlocks told you that Tabitha's
a witch.
Charity: Yes. They told me everything. They showed me visions.
Miguel: Visions?
Charity: Yes, they -- they told me things. They -- they -- they
showed me --
Miguel: Charity? Oh, my God. Charity?
Grace: Look, we have to get out of here. My children are in danger on
that island.
David: I'm sure they're going to be ok.
Grace: Please, God, take care of them. Sam and my children mean
everything to me. I can't lose them. Please. I'm sorry. I know that's
difficult for you to hear.
David: It is, but you don't have to apologize.
Grace: Look, I know you say that we were married before I lost my
memory, so I'm sure it's really difficult to know that I love Sam.
David: As I said, you don't have to apologize. You had no memory of
me when you married Sam.
[Crash]
David: Must be another tree.
Grace: Sam is never going to make it to the island in this hurricane.

David: It's certainly not going to be easy for him.
Grace: But my kids -- I mean, we have to get out of here. How are we
going to get out of here?
David: Look, look -- I promise you I'm going to make sure that you
get out of here, ok?
Sam: Ivy, hang on! I'm going to get you. Hang on, hang on. No! Ivy!
No! Ivy!
Rebecca: Julian, you cad! They're not in the bathroom.
Gwen: Try the shower.
Rebecca: They're not in there.
Chad: Whitney, what is it?
Whitney: Oh, I can't even talk about it right now, ok? Oh, God,
please.
Luis: Not in there.
Rebecca: Oh, my goodness. Oh -- oh, I can't believe it. He actually
brought his pirate costume down here.
Whitney: Ugh. Ewe.
Gwen: Mother, we'd really rather not hear anything about costumes,
ok?
Luis: Where the hell could they be?
Ethan: They couldn't have gone far.
Gwen: Look, look, behind the drapes. I just saw -- I just saw them
move.
Miguel: Charity? Charity, wake up.
Reese: Does she need CPR?
Jessica: She's breathing. She's just -- she's passed out.
Kay: This is it, Simone.
Simone: This is what?
Kay: The end of the legend. Charity dies, and it comes true, and I
get Miguel.
Simone: Kay, you are a monster. Charity is your cousin. How can you
wish her dead?
Kay: Simone, I'm not wishing her dead. But if she should happen to
die -- things will just fall into place like the legend says.
Simone: You caused all this, Kay. You started it when you poured the
water all over the signal fire when Miguel was trying to get us off of
this island. Then you let Charity wander off.
Kay: I am not her keeper.
Simone: If Charity dies, it will be on your head.
Timmy: What's going on, princess? How does Charity know Tabby's a
witch?
Tabitha: Oh, you heard as well as the rest of us. The Warlocks told
her.
Timmy: The Warlocks -- the ones who want to kill Timmy and Tabby?
Tabitha: Yes.
Timmy: So which is worse, the Warlocks or crazy Norma with her axe?

Tabitha: Either way, Timmy, we're dead meat.
Miguel: Charity? Charity. Charity, wake up!
David: Don't worry, Grace. It's going to be ok. I promise. Look out!
Are you ok?
Grace: Oh, my God, David, you're bleeding.
David: No, it's ok, it's ok.
Grace: No. No, it's not.
David: It's ok.
Grace: Keep your hand on it until I can get a bandage.
David: It's all right.
Grace: No, it's not. Do as I say.
David: Oh, great.
Grace: I can't believe that tree. Thank you.
Grace: Is that ok?
David: Yeah, it's great, it's great. We got to get some way out of
this shed. We've got to find some way out of this place.
Grace: I can't believe you're actually this concerned. I mean, I
thought the last thing you would want is to get me back with Sam and my
children.
David: Grace, I want you to be happy. And if that means getting you
back with Sam and your children, then -- then that's what I want.
Grace: Even if it means that I never recognize that we were married?

David: Even if it means you'll never remember the love we shared.
Even if it means we'll never be together again. I just want you to be
happy.
Sam: Ivy!
Sam: Ivy. Ivy. Ivy. Ivy. No. No. Ivy -- Ivy, you can't be dead. No.
No.
Timmy: What can Timmy and Tabby do?
Tabitha: I think we should get away from these kids as quickly as
possible and find a way out of this cave.
Timmy: Sounds like a good plan to Timmy.
Reese: Tabitha? Where do you think you're going?
Tabitha: Well, actually, I was thinking, Ross, that maybe there's an
underground spring around here somewhere. I was going to get some water
for Charity.
Jessica: Oh, no, Tabitha, we haven't seen any water.
Miguel: She's coming around. Charity, can you hear me? Charity, it's
me -- Miguel.
Charity: Miguel --
Miguel: You all right?
[Charity groans]
Charity: I'm not sure.
Reese: Charity, tell us more about the Warlocks. You saw them, right?
And they told you Tabitha was a witch?
Charity: What?
Miguel: Just take it easy, Reese. All right? Just give her a chance
to catch her breath.
Reese: Sorry.
Charity: Where are we?
Miguel: We're in a cave. You wandered off from camp, and we've been
looking for you.
Charity: Camp. I -- I remember the campfire. Oh. Miguel, Miguel, it
was horrible. I saw them in the fire. They were calling me. They wanted
me to come to them.
Miguel: Who, Charity?
Charity: The Warlocks!
Reese: See, she wasn't dreaming. They really are on the island,
aren't they? And they told you that Tabitha's a witch, right, Charity?
Come on, Charity. Tell them what you know. Tell them that Tabitha is a
witch.
Luis: Nothing.
Ethan: Julian was here. I mean, the maid said she saw him and a woman
with long dark hair in bed not long ago.
Gwen: Well, then, where are they?
Rebecca: Nobody looked under the bed?
Ethan: Nothing.
Rebecca: Well, they didn't just disappear.
Theresa: I want to talk to Ethan.
Julian: Shh. You're going to get us killed. I have to get you back to
your room. Because Ethan and Luis can't know that you were in my room.
Now, come on.
[Glass bottle rolls]
Ethan: What was that?
Luis: The balcony.
Grace: You really are a decent man to want to help me get back to
Sam.
David: Don't make me out to be some kind of hero because I'm not.
I've done a lot of things wrong in my life. But the one thing I did
right was marrying you.
Grace: You know, David, I -- I just -- I really don't want to get
into that again.
David: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to give you any more pain or make
things any more difficult. I know it must have been hell for you all
these years, wondering what happened with your life.
Grace: Yeah, it was, but I was able to deal with it.
David: Can I just tell you how you affected my life? Can I just tell
you that before I met you, I was wandering aimlessly through life. I had
no focus. And then, when I first looked into your eyes, I realized I had
meaning in my life -- to make you happy. And I started studying
photography, and the next thing you know, I had a career.
Grace: It's been a good career.
David: It's been a Godsend. It's kept me travelling, you know.
Stopped me from focusing full-time on the fact that I'd lost you. It
didn't stop me remembering all the time. It didn't stop me remembering
some of the things -- some of the things that just made me love you
more. Like how you did your stretching first thing in the morning. Do
you still do that?
Grace: You know I do stretches first thing every morning?
David: Grace, you've got to believe me by now. I knew these things
about you because we're married. I'm your husband. You're my wife,
Grace.
Sam: Ivy! I've got to get you some help. No signal. Tower must still
be out. I'll use the two-way. Hello, this is Chief Bennett. Does anybody
read me? Over.
Sam: Still no pulse. Ivy -- Ivy, don't do this to me. Ivy.
Singer: You are my passion for life…
David: Do you still keep a pen and pad next to the bed so that when
you wake up in the middle night and remember something you can write it
down? Only Sam knows these things.
David: I know everything about you, Grace.
Grace: You seem to. It's just such a mystery.
David: Just like those detective books you used to love to read.
Grace: Yeah, I still read detective books.
David: I bought you some on our honeymoon.
Grace: It's amazing to hear these things -- that I still do the same
things that I used to do before I lost my memory. But it's just
unsettling to hear it from a perfect stranger.
David: I'm not a stranger, Grace. I'm your husband. How else would I
know all these things? Look, whether you want to face it or not, we've
been husband and wife for over twenty years.
[Ivy coughs]
Sam: Ivy, thank God. Ivy, thank God you're all right.
Ivy: It's cold. I need more wood for the fire.
Sam: What?
Ivy: More -- more wood.
Sam: She's hallucinating. Ok. Ok, sure.
Ivy: That's better, Sam. That's better. Let's -- let's dance, Sam. I
don't have to go back to town for a long time. My parents aren't
expecting me. The beach, it's so -- so beautiful at night.
Sam: Ivy, listen to me. I'm going to go get you some help, all right?

Ivy: No. No, don't leave me, Sam. Let's just -- let's just dance,
please.
Sam: Ivy that was a long time ago.
Ivy: I can't -- I can't hear the radio, Sam. I can't hear it. Could
you turn it up?
Julian: They've looked everywhere but out here. We've got to get
away.
Ethan: They have to be out on the balcony.
Luis: Damn it. It's locked from the outside.
Luis: Damn it.
Ethan: Look -- all these balconies are connected.
Luis: Yeah, they couldn't have gotten far.
Rebecca: Julian, you snake, I'm coming to get you!
Gwen: Shh. Mother, you'll wake the dead.
Rebecca: I could kill him with my bare hands.
Chad: Hey, guys, look, why don't we split up, all right? Some of us
go down the balconies this way and the others go that way.
Luis: Good. Ethan, you come with me. Chad, Whitney, why don't you
guys go the other way.
Chad: All right.
Rebecca: Let's go out to the corridor. Julian might try to slip
through one of the rooms out to the corridor to escape.
Gwen: Ok.
Reese: Tell them, Charity. You know Tabitha's a witch, right?
Charity: Reese, I don't know what you're talking about. Why would I
say that Tabitha was a witch?
Reese: You just said that the Warlocks told you Tabitha was a witch.

Miguel: Reese is right, Charity. That's what you said.
Charity: Oh. I'm sorry. I don't remember saying any of those things.

Kay: Man. I guess she's going to be ok.
Simone: You know what, Kay -- why don't you just give up? You're
never going to get Miguel away from Charity.
Miguel: You don't remember saying the Warlocks told you things?
Charity: Yes, I remember seeing them and I remember they were talking
about some woman who traps them on the island and -- but, no, I don't
remember them saying Tabitha's name.
Tabitha's voice: Thank Hades she forgot.
Tabitha: There, Ross. You see? There's no truth in the accusation
whatsoever.
Reese: It's Reese. Phonetically -- Reese. Are you sure they didn't
tell you that, Charity?
Charity: No. Reese, I don't remember that.
Miguel: Ok, well, are you sure you saw the Warlocks in the fire?
Charity: Yes, yes, I -- I think so. I don't know. You know, maybe I
was dreaming. It seemed so real.
Miguel: Then how did you get here? How'd you get in this cave?
Charity: Miguel, help me! Miguel! The rock! The rock closed around
me. Jessica -- Jessica, you remember seeing my shirt inside a rock
almost as if it had closed around me, right?
Jessica: Well, yeah, that -- that's what it looked like.
Charity: Well, yeah. You were right. It was horrible. The Warlocks
were pulling me inside this big rock, and it closed behind me. But it
just -- it must've caught a piece of my shirt!
Reese: I knew that's what happened!
Miguel: What about the Warlocks? You must've been dreaming.
Charity: But I'm here, aren't I? And it seemed so real.
Reese: I believe you -- all of it -- the Warlocks and everything they
told you. Maybe someone did invite evil back to Harmony just like father
Lonigan said they might. And I bet I know exactly who that person was.

Charity: Kay it was you.
Simone: She's got you, Kay.
Miguel: Charity, what are you talking about?
Reese: Yeah, what do you mean it was Kay?
Jessica: Do you mean that Kay bought evil back to Harmony?
Charity: No. I remember another vision that I had. And it was of
Miguel making love to someone, and it was you, Kay.
Miguel: Yeah. We heard you call out. You said something about me
making love to Kay.
Charity: You did.
Miguel: Well, that's how I know that you're dreaming, all right,
because Kay and I are never going to make love.
Timmy: At least Kay took some of the pressure off Timmy and Tabby.

Tabitha: Oh, it doesn't matter, Timmy. If the Warlocks want us dead,
there's no way we'll get out of this place alive.
Charity: Oh. I remember more of what I saw, visions that I saw with
the Warlocks.
Reese: What were they?
Charity: They were of your sister and your brother.
Miguel: Luis and Theresa?
Charity: Yeah, I saw -- I saw Sheridan and Luis, and there was a boat
and an explosion, and it was -- oh, it was horrible.
Miguel: Wait a second; I thought you said that Sheridan was the one
that you saw in danger. Now you seeing Luis in danger too?
Charity: Yeah. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I don't mean to upset you.
Miguel: It's all right. It's probably nothing. Ok, we'll call them
both as soon as we get off this island. What about Theresa?
Charity: I saw Theresa. She was looking at her picture of Ethan and
she was crying and -- and there was some other man there.
Miguel: What man?
Charity: I'm not sure who he was. No, it can't be. You know what -- I
was just -- I was just worried. I didn't know why she wasn't with Ethan.

Miguel: It's all right. It's all right.
Charity: Oh, Miguel, I feel so much safer now that you're here. I
knew that you were going to come save me. I knew you would.
Warlock: Destroy her, Charity!
Warlocks: You must destroy her!
Charity: No, no, no, no!
Miguel: Charity, what's wrong?
Charity: They're here! They're back!
Warlock: Kill Tabitha!
Warlocks: You must destroy her!
Warlock: Destroy her!
Second Warlock: Destroy her!
Third Warlock: You must destroy her!
Luis: Hey, any sign of them?
Chad: No.
Whitney: You didn't see them, either, Ethan?
Luis: No.
Ethan: No. Wait a minute. You don't think Julian would've jumped,
would he?
Luis: Not from up here. Theresa sure as hell couldn't have jumped
from here to the beach.
Ethan: Well, look, maybe we're wrong. Maybe Theresa's not with him.

Luis: There's only one way to find out. We got to find that bastard.

Chad: Yeah, but where could they have gone?
Luis: Hold on, I know exactly where he took her.
Whitney: Oh, Theresa, what have you gotten yourself into now? Where
are you?
Julian: Oh. That was close. I have to get you back to your room
before Ethan and Luis find me with you.
Theresa: Ethan. I want to talk to Ethan.
Julian: Yes, and you shall, dear, soon -- just as soon I'm 3,000
miles away from here.
Grace: David, I can't prove to you that what you say isn't true. In
fact, it seems to be true. But you know how Sam feels.
David: Oh, yeah, yeah, Sam thinks I'm making the whole thing up.
Despite all the evidence I've given him, he still thinks I'm a con man,
which is absurd. I mean, what exactly would am I trying to get you,
Grace? You don't have any money. You don't even have a house.
Grace: Yeah, we don't have anything you would want.
David: I don't need money, Grace. I'm a successful photojournalist.
I've made lots of money in my life. I've invested it well. I mean, it's
stupid for Sam to think that -- that I'm trying to get something from
you.
Grace: You know what -- I am not going to listen to you talk about
Sam that way.
David: I'm sorry. Ok, I don't mean to insult him. Look, I actually
admire the guy. If things were reversed, I'd -- I'd probably behave the
same way.
Grace: Yeah, he's just trying to protect his family.
David: Yeah. That's what he's doing. Although, there is one thing
that puzzles me a little.
Grace: What's that?
David: Well, it's just that I've heard from Eve and Pilar and even
Sam's brother that -- that Sam and Ivy Crane once had a great love.
Grace: Well, yeah, they did, years ago. Why does that puzzle you?
David: Well, it's -- it's just that Ivy still hangs around him, and
Sam allows it.
Grace: No, Sam does not allow it. Ivy has done everything that she
possibly can to try to get her way back into Sam's life and he does not
want her around.
David: You're sure of that?
Grace: Yes, I am sure of it. Ivy is Sam's past! That's it!
David: Ok.
Grace: You sound doubtful.
David: Look, it's just that I've heard that -- that, see, no one ever
really gets over their first love. I never got over mine.
Grace: Yeah, Sam said the same thing. So what of it?
David: Well, I -- I just wonder if it's not true for Sam, if Sam ever
got over his first love -- Ivy.
Sam: Still not getting a signal on anything. Ivy, listen to me, I'm
going to go the squad car and try to raise somebody to get some help.
I'll be right back.
Ivy: No, Sam, no. We -- we don't have to go yet. We still have a few
minutes. Oh. It's been a wonderful summer, hasn't it been, Sam?
Sam: Yes. It was a wonderful summer, Ivy, but so much has changed.
Listen to me, I'm going to go the road and try to flag down somebody for
some help, all right?
Ivy: No, no. Sam, don't go.
Sam: Ivy, listen, don't talk. Just rest.
Ivy: Sam -- Sam, I'm scared.
Sam: Ivy, I'll be right back.
Ivy: No! No, don't leave me, Sam. Please, don't leave. I think -- I
think I'm dying.
Grace: No, you are wrong about Sam. He is over Ivy. He has no
feelings for her.
David: But you were worried enough to push them together, right, so
that they could get closure.
Grace: You know what -- I really don't want to talk about Ivy. She
has brought so much pain into my life. I would just like to forget her.

David: I understand. You've loved Sam for over 20 years. It must be
very, very painful to think that he loves someone else.
Grace: You know, I don't think he loves someone else. He loves me.

David: I'm sorry, Grace. I didn't mean to upset you. I know how you
feel. You don't want to lose the person you love. Believe me; no one
understands better what you're going through than I do.
Grace: I am not going to lose Sam. He doesn't love Ivy. I know it.
It's over. I know it's over.
David: Yes. Yes, it's over.
Sam: Ivy, you're not dying. I'm going to go get you some help.
Ivy: No, Sam, I can -- I can tell. I can feel it. I am. I'm dying.

Sam: Ivy, listen to me, you're not dying. I have to go get you help
to get to a hospital.
Ivy: No, Sam, if you leave me here, I will die. Please don't leave
me. Please don't leave me alone to die.
Sam: Ok. Ok. It's ok. It's ok.
Ethan: Let's try down this way. Theresa's room must be around here
somewhere.
Julian: Oh, my God, they're so close.
Julian: You just stay here, dear. You'll be fine. So will I if I can
just get the hell out of here.
Rebecca: Just wait till I get my hands on that vermin. Ooh, little
Julian is going to be out of commission for a long, long time.
Julian: Oh, my God, Rebecca. Where can I hide?
[Pounding on door]
Luis: The door just closed. I'll bet they're inside.
Rebecca: Julian, where the hell are you? Julian?
Ethan: Theresa? Are you in there?
Theresa: Ethan?
Ethan: Did anyone hear that? I think I heard Theresa.
Luis: Theresa!
Ethan: Theresa, are you in there?
[pounding]
Luis: Theresa! Theresa!
Ethan: Theresa!
Warlocks: Destroy her! Destroy her!
Charity: No. I won't!
Miguel: Charity, what is it? What won't you do?
Charity: They're here, Miguel. They're telling me to do things.
Reese: The Warlocks?
Charity: Yes, yes. They want me to destroy her.
Tabitha: They're talking about me, Timmy.
Warlocks: Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!
Miguel: Come on, Charity, I'm going to take you back to camp and you
can get warmed up. All right, we'll try to signal another boat and get
off this island.
Charity: Miguel, no, don't you understand? We can't leave here. If we
leave, they're going to try to kill us. They'll kill us all.
Miguel: No, Charity, just try to stay calm. Ok, no one is going to
try to kill us. All right, we're going to get off this island and
everything is going to be ok, I promise.
Tabitha: Miguel shouldn't make promises he can't keep, Timmy. If the
Warlocks don't want us to leave, no one is going anywhere.
Kay: What was that?
Miguel: It was nothing. Look, come on, we're going to be fine. Let's
go.
Reese: This is the evil that was invited back into Harmony!
Tabitha: Oh, oh, this is it, Timmy! We're going to die!
Charity: Oh, oh, Miguel, Miguel, they won't leave us! They're going
to kill us all!
Jessica: The walls! Look!
Simone: What's going on?
Reese: Help! Whoa! Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 9/10/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 9/10/01







Timmy: Oh!
[Jessica yells]
Jessica: The walls -- look!
Simone: What&#39;s going on?
Reese: The quake is buckling them!
Kay: Look out!
[Simone screams]
Miguel: Try to find some cover!
Simone: Where?
Jessica: There isn&#39;t any cover!
Charity: Miguel, what are we going to do?
Jessica: Whoo!
Miguel: Look, everybody just stay calm!
Jessica: Oh!
Kay: Jessica!
Simone: Oh, my God!
Miguel: Jessica!
Simone: Miguel!
Kay: Jessica!
Miguel: I&#39;m coming!
Kay: Jessica, wake up!
Miguel: Jessica! Jess!
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and
kiss the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the
wings of the bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out
you keep me alive you are the fire burning inside of me you are my
passion for life…
Grace: No more. I don&#39;t want to hear another word. Look, Sam doesn&#39;t
love Ivy. I know that.
David: How?
Grace: He&#39;s told me, time and time again.
David: He&#39;s told you?
Grace: Look, Sam has does everything possible to prove to me that he
doesn&#39;t love Ivy, and I believe him.
David: I know you want that. I know you want to believe that with all
your heart. I know that. I know you. That&#39;s why I fell in love with you.
Nobody could possibly have a bigger, more loving heart than you. You
always look for the good in people. You always want to believe the best
in them.
Grace: Sam is the best.
David: Look, I&#39;m sorry. Sam is an honorable man, a man who would
always try and do the right thing. But maybe this time he&#39;s trying so
hard to do the right thing that he&#39;s denying the truth.
Grace: No.
David: Look, Sam is one of those kinds of guys who can never live
with himself if he thought he was betraying his wife in any way and
still have feelings for the woman he was in love with before he met you.

Grace: You know what? Sam doesn&#39;t have feelings for Ivy. How many
times do I have to tell you that?
David: I&#39;m just saying that Sam is the kind of guy that something
like that would bother him to the extent that -- that he would deny his
feelings.
Grace: Sam isn&#39;t denying anything. He doesn&#39;t love Ivy. He&#39;s over
her. He loves me -- not Ivy -- me.
Sam: Ivy? Ivy! God, I’ve got to call an ambulance. Come on, give me a
signal! Hello, this is Chief Bennett! Does anybody read me? Over! Oh,
damn! Damn this storm! Ivy? Ivy! Ivy, listen, I can&#39;t lose you. Ivy!
Come on. Ivy? Ivy, come on.
Julian: My God. What the hell could have happened? Ethan and Luis
were supposedly lost at sea in the hurricane. How did they manage to
survive? Damn it! I was so close to convincing my new bride that our
marriage was a generous act of faith, and now everything&#39;s falling
apart, and just when I was about to enjoy a night of bliss with my
nubile nymphet. Oh, God. If Ethan finds me in here, he&#39;ll kill me.
Perhaps he&#39;ll show some mercy. But even if he does, Luis will tear me
apart, and then if there&#39;s anything left, Rebecca will pick away till
I&#39;m nothing but bleached bones! Oh, my –
Rebecca: Julian? Julian, where are you?
Ethan: Theresa? Theresa?
Luis: Theresa? Theresa!
Ethan: Theresa?
Chad: What are you so nervous about?
Whitney: Look, it&#39;s nothing. Don&#39;t worry about it.
Chad: Hey, look, it&#39;s me, all right?
Ethan: Theresa?
Chad: I know when something&#39;s eating at you, and you hinted at
something before.
Whitney: No, I was talking about some--
Chad: What is going on, Whitney?
[Pounding on door]
Whitney: Chad, just trust me. I cannot talk to you about this.
Chad: It&#39;s about Ethan and Theresa, isn&#39;t it?
[Knock]
Whitney: Yes. But if I tell you, you&#39;re going to feel obligated to
tell Ethan, and trust me, Chad, this is one thing you definitely do not
want to know --
Ethan: Theresa!
Whitney: Because if Ethan does find out, he&#39;s going to be completely
devastated.
[Pounding]
Ethan: Theresa, it&#39;s me! Theresa!
Luis: Ethan? Look, no one&#39;s heard her but you.
Ethan: I heard her, all right? I&#39;m sure I did! And it sounded like
she was coming from this room. I&#39;m just going to break the damn thing
down.
Julian: God. Oh. Oh –
[Pounding]
Miguel: Jessica, are you ok?
Reese: Don&#39;t worry, Jessica! We&#39;ll get you!
Miguel: All right, Reese, I&#39;m going to lift the log, you pull her
out.
Reese: Ok, wait.
Miguel: You ready?
Reese: Ready!
[Miguel and Reese groan]
Kay: Jessica.
Reese: It&#39;s ok.
Kay: Are you ok?
Reese: I got you.
Kay: Jessica?
Jessica: What?
Kay: Thank God. Oh, thank God.
Miguel: Hey. Are you hurt? Can you walk?
Jessica: Yeah, yeah. No, I&#39;m -- I&#39;m ok.
Miguel: All right, good. Look, we got to get out of here before this
whole place comes down on us.
Jessica: Uh --
Kay: Ooh! But how, Miguel? Where are we going to go?
Miguel: I don&#39;t know. Just follow me!
Kay: Ok.
Tabitha: Oh. Oh, there&#39;s a brave soul, but there&#39;s no way the
warlocks are letting us out of here.
[All scream and yell]
Sam: Ivy? Ivy, come on! Ivy, come on! Come on!
[Ivy coughs]
Sam: Ok. That&#39;s all right. Ivy, breathe. Breathe.
Ivy: Sam. Sam.
Sam: I&#39;m right here.
Ivy: Oh.
Sam: Right here.
Ivy: Ok. Ok.
Sam: Yeah, for a moment there, I thought I lost you.
Ivy: Oh. Oh, no, Sam. I&#39;m not going to go anywhere, no. I&#39;m going to
stay right here.
Sam: Shh! don’t talk.
Ivy: God, Sam. Uh -- I&#39;ll never be able to leave you. I know that
now. I&#39;ll never be able to leave you.
Sam: There should be a break in the storm soon, and then I&#39;ll get
through to the station house, so just hold on. Do you hear me? Hold on.

Ivy: Ok, Sam. I&#39;ll try, ok? You know, being with you -- that&#39;s all I
ever wanted.
Grace: I don&#39;t care what you say; I don&#39;t care what you think. Sam
loves me.
David: I&#39;m sorry, Grace. I didn&#39;t mean to upset you. Let&#39;s -- let&#39;s
talk about something else. Let&#39;s change the subject. Let&#39;s get your mind
off Sam and the kids.
Grace: I love my kids more than anything.
David: And I&#39;m sure they&#39;re going to be fine.
Grace: Yeah, they have to be.
David: Why don&#39;t you pray to Saint Raphael, like you always used to
do whenever there was a storm?
Grace: You know I do that?
David: Of course. Of course I know that. I&#39;m married to you, Grace. I
know all about you. Even though you have amnesia, you still do things
the Same way. I guess it&#39;s like they say. We&#39;re just -- we&#39;re just
creatures of habit.
Grace: But for you to know that I do stretches every morning or that
I -- I like to nuzzle my head on my husband&#39;s shoulder or that I pray to
Saint Raphael -- you shouldn&#39;t know these things. Only Sam, my husband,
should know these things.
David: I am your husband, Grace. You and I were married in a church
before God. Our marriage supersedes all others. You&#39;re my wife, Grace. I
love you. Now, whether you deny that or not, it&#39;s the truth. The
Catholic Church only recognizes David Hastings as your husband -- me.

Rebecca: Oh! Damn you, Julian!
Gwen: Where could he be?
[Knock on door]
Ethan: I&#39;m to break it down.
Luis: Ethan --
Whitney: Ethan, wait! This is private property. You could get
arrested. Luis, isn&#39;t that right
Luis: Well --
Whitney: And besides, no one heard anything. You&#39;re the only one who
thinks that you heard Theresa. And it could have been your imagination
or the wind or -- it could have been anything.
Julian: Whitney knows and she&#39;s trying to help. You go to it,
girlfriend! Get Ethan away from here. Get them all away.
Luis: Ethan, I agree with Whitney. Nobody else heard anything.
Ethan: Well, don&#39;t you want to find Theresa?
Luis: Yes, I do, but if this isn&#39;t her room, we&#39;re wasting time.
Ethan: Well, I&#39;m going to find Theresa. And if she&#39;s with Julian --
if she --
Rebecca: Oh, Julian, you cad. Gwen, he&#39;s cheating on me. Oh, I could
just wring his wattled neck.
Gwen: I know, and I&#39;m so sorry, but it would -- it would be so
wonderful for me if Ethan und Theresa and Julian
Rebecca: This
Gwen: No, yeah -- yes, I know that. But if he did find them together,
then he would want to leave her and he&#39;d be freed up
Rebecca: Fiddle-Dee Dee. , No the important thing here is Julian and
Rebecca!
Gwen: Yes.
Rebecca: He is supposed to be my fiancé, and yet he&#39;s diddling around
with that cheap gold-digging little slut.
Julian: Good. You&#39;ve calmed down. That&#39;s right, Whitney. I don&#39;t have
what it takes. You just get everyone away from that door.
Whitney: Luis is right, Ethan. The more time we waste here, the less
we&#39;ll have trying to find out where Theresa really is.
Chad: Well, where do you figure Theresa is, Whitney?
Whitney: I don&#39;t know. But I do think that we should backtrack to
Julian&#39;s room. Maybe she&#39;s there.
Ethan: All right, well, let&#39;s go back to Julian&#39;s room, then.
Julian: Yes! Going, going –
Theresa: Ethan!
Julian: Agh!
Theresa: Ah.
Timmy: Good-bye, princess. Good-bye.
David: I&#39;m your husband, Grace.
Grace: No. No, you&#39;re not.
David: Ah, in the eyes of the church --
Grace: No!
David: In the eyes of God, in the eyes of the state --
Grace: No, because if you were, that would mean that -- that I’ve
made love to you, and I don&#39;t remember that.
David: I&#39;m -- I&#39;m so sorry. I don&#39;t mean to pressure you. I just love
you so much. I just want you to remember so badly.
Grace: But I don&#39;t remember.
David: You did have a memory of our wedding when we re-enacted it
earlier.
Grace: But in that memory, I didn&#39;t see your face. So you are not my
husband because if you were, then you would have some kind of hold on
me, and I don&#39;t want that. I want Sam. I want my children. I want my
life back to what it was before all of this.
David: I wish -- I wish there was some way that I could make it
easier on you.
Grace: Please don&#39;t touch me. Just -- just leave me alone.
Ivy: You know, you&#39;re -- you&#39;re all I ever wanted. From the first
moment I saw you, you were all I ever thought about. Our love was -- it
was so strong. You remember, Sam?
Sam: Yeah. That was a long time ago, Ivy.
Ivy: I remember -- I remember the beach and graduation, and we made
love all night long, and we watched the sun come up, and it was so
beautiful. I never felt so alive or so loved. And that was the sweetest
time, wasn&#39;t it, Sam?
Sam: Just hang in there, Ivy. You hear me? Stay strong.
Ivy: Oh. I remember -- I remember a note you left under the rock, one
special note, and -- and you said, &quot;I love you and I always will,
forever and a day.&quot; &quot;Forever and a day.&quot; Do you remember that, Sam? Do
you still love me like that, Sam -- forever and a day? Oh.
Julian: Good. They didn&#39;t hear. They must have left before you cried
out.
Theresa: Ethan --
Julian: Shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh, shh -I have to
talk to him. And my brother, I have to talk to Luis --
Julian: Shh! No, you don&#39;t, my pet.
Theresa: Both of them.
Julian: Shh!
Theresa: Oh.
Julian: If perchance they do show up here, you can&#39;t tell them
anything about us, not a word. They mustn&#39;t know that we were together,
and whatever you do, don&#39;t tell them that we&#39;re married. They would kill
me.
Theresa: Married? Ethan and I, we&#39;re going to be married.
Julian: Yeah, no, dear. You and I, we&#39;re married, but -- just don&#39;t
tell anyone.
Theresa: Oh --
Julian: God, what&#39;s wrong with the girl? It&#39;s as if she&#39;s in some
sort of trance. Oh, well, I usually have that effect on women. Probably
overwhelmed by my sexual advances. It&#39;s too bad we were interrupted. Oh,
the heights of ecstasy I could take you to.
Theresa: Eth-- you&#39;re not Ethan.
Julian: No, dear. That&#39;s what I&#39;ve been trying to tell you. It&#39;s me,
your husband -- Julian.
Theresa: You?
Julian: Hmm.
Theresa: Huh? Henry: Do you take Theresa as your lawfully wedded
wife?
Theresa: Ooh. Huh! No! Out! I don&#39;t want you here!
Julian: No --
Theresa: I want Ethan!
Julian: Whoa -- no!
Ethan: Excuse me. Maid: Oh -- you frightened me half to death.
Ethan: Look, I&#39;m sorry. Have you seen the guest in this room --
Julian crane? Maid: No, not recently, no.
Luis: Well, when was the last time that you saw him? Maid: I -- let
me think.
Chad: Yo, Ethan, she&#39;s not the one that we talked to before.
Ethan: Yeah, right. The maid that was in here before, where is she
now?
Chad: Off duty. Gone home, I should think.
Luis: Whitney, do you remember which room is Theresa&#39;s?
Whitney: I don&#39;t remember where Theresa&#39;s room is. I mean, this place
is so huge.
Luis: Whitney, you can&#39;t remember the room number?
Whitney: No, no. See, the bellhop helped me before. And r even looked
in the room. I just knocked, and no one answered.
Ethan: Well, could it have been the room we just came from?
Whitney: You know, l really don&#39;t know. We came through the balcony,
and when I came before, it was through the corridor. And everything just
looks so similar around here.
Luis: Forget it. Whitney&#39;s right. This place is huge. It&#39;s all
starting to look the same.
Ethan: You guys, I mean, this is driving me crazy, knowing that
Julian is with Theresa, he could be taking advantage of her. Whitney&#39;s
voice: More than you know, Ethan. More than you could ever dream of.
Ethan: I mean the man is a lowlife. There is nothing that he wouldn&#39;t
stoop to. And to actually think I admired that man. No, but he&#39;s going
to pay for this if he so much as touches her. Yes, front desk. Yes, I
want the room number of Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald.
Rebecca: I am going to get a master key from a maid, and I&#39;m going to
open up every damn door in this dump until I find that cheating rat,
Julian. Ooh, he&#39;s going to pay. He is going to bleed for cheating on me,
embarrassing me like this!
Julian: Oh, good. The coast is clear. Now all I have to do is get her
back into bed and get myself the hell out of here.
Ivy: Please, Sam, I need to know. Do you still feel like you did when
you wrote the note? Do you still love me, &quot;forever and a day&quot;?
Sam: I remember the note, Ivy. And I do remember feeling that way.

Ivy: What else do you remember, Sam?
Sam: Still no signal. Ivy, hey, hang in there, all right? Hang in
there for me, until help comes, ok?
Ivy: It&#39;s ok, Sam. I don&#39;t even feel the pain when I think about the
past and, oh, the notes and all the wonderful memories.
Sam: Hey, Ivy, come on. Hang in there, ok? Come on.
Ivy: Ok. Just talk to me, Sam, please. Just talk to me. Tell me what
you remember about the past, ok?
Sam: Tell me what you remember.
Ivy: Uh -- oh -- so many things. So many things. I -- I remember the
way you kissed me. God, I loved the way you kissed me. Oh. Could you
kiss me like that again, Sam, please? Please just kiss me.
David: Grace, I&#39;m sorry. I&#39;m really sorry.
Grace: No, no. I just can&#39;t talk anymore.
David: Damn. This is not how it was meant to be. I&#39;ve dreamed for
years of us coming back together again, imagining how happy we&#39;d be to
rediscover each other. I thought you&#39;d be just as happy about this as I
was, you know? I thought we&#39;d just rush into each other&#39;s arms and kiss
passionately and vow never to be apart from each other again. But that&#39;s
not what&#39;s happened at all. Ever since I’ve arrived in Harmony, I&#39;ve
been treated with suspicion. No one believes me. It doesn&#39;t matter how
much proof I have, how much evidence I show -- no one believes me. And
all I want to do is love you. But I can&#39;t even do that because every
time I do, I give you pain. That&#39;s not the way it was supposed to be.
That&#39;s not the way it was supposed to be! Ow!
Kay: We&#39;re all going to die!
Tabitha: I know the warlocks are out to kill me, Timmy. That&#39;s what
this is all about.
Timmy: But if the warlocks are after Tabitha --
Tabitha: I&#39;m doomed.
Simone: You see your scheming has done? We are all trapped now.
Kay: Simone, this is not my fault. I didn&#39;t mean --
Simone: You wanted Charity out of the picture so you could have
Miguel. Now we are all in danger.
Kay: I never meant for any of this to happen. I just wanted a chance
with Miguel, and it&#39;s --
Simone: And it&#39;s too late for sorry, Kay. If you hadn&#39;t poured water
all over that fire signal, we would all be home by now. So if we all
die, it&#39;s all because of you.
Reese: I know exactly what&#39;s going on here. This earthquake was
caused by the warlocks. It&#39;s like Charity said. The warlocks want to
kill the witch that trapped them here on this island. And I know exactly
who that witch is. Tabitha Lenox! You&#39;re the witch that the warlocks
want dead!
Sam: I&#39;m sorry; Ivy, but I can&#39;t kiss you. I won&#39;t betray Grace.
Ivy: Oh, I&#39;m sorry, Sam. I&#39;m sorry. I guess I just got carried --
carried away. I just -- it just helps me to remember when you loved m
you know, when you said we&#39;d always be together. Something&#39;s on the way.
Julian and my father and his lies, convincing me you didn&#39;t love me --
love me. I&#39;m so sorry. I shouldn&#39;t have listened to him -- I never
should have listened to --
Sam: Don&#39;t think about those things, Ivy.
Ivy: No, I can&#39;t help it!
Sam: Just think about here and now, about trying to stay alive until
help c.
Ivy: Ok. Ok -- oh. Oh, Sam! It hurts! Please make it stop! Make it
stop!
Sam: Hang in there. Hang in there, ok?
Ivy: Ok.
Sam: It&#39;s ok.
Ivy: Ok, talk me, s talk to me. Tell me about the first time we made
love, ok? Talk to me about that. It was so wonderful, wasn&#39;t it, Sam?

Sam: I&#39;m sorry, Ivy. I can&#39;t do it. , My, it&#39;s too painful.
Ivy: Oh, Sam --
Sam: Please, no more. The past is done.
David: Damn!
Grace: Let me see.
David: No, it&#39;ll be fine. It&#39;ll be ok.
Grace: You&#39;re bleeding.
David: No, seriously, I&#39;ll be fine.
Grace: You know what? We can stop the bleeding because we&#39;re going to
be here for a while --
David: I&#39;ll be ok.
Grace: Would you let me redress it, please?
David: You know this is what I remember. I could always count on you,
Grace. You were always there for me. I missed you so much.
Ethan: I understand it isn&#39;t your policy to give out room numbers,
but -- yes, I understand that, but I don&#39;t think you seem to grasp the
seriousness of -- listen, I&#39;m a crane -- Look, sir, I&#39;m sure you can
find in your heart -- I mean, the girl could be in real danger, all
right? We haven&#39;t seen her in a long time, we don&#39;t know where she is,
and with the hurricane and all, I mean, she could be hurt. She could be
trapped in a room. Well -- just give me the damn room number, all -- no,
I don&#39;t think you know who you&#39;re dealing with. I&#39;m an attorney, and I
saw how unprepared you were when this hurricane hit. And you know what a
class action lawsuit is, don&#39;t you, my friend? Right, well, you want to
start rounding everyone up and have them join me in shutting you down?
Thank you. No, thank you very much. I got it.
Luis: Let&#39;s go.
Chad: Come on.
Ethan: Whitney, which way is this?
Whitney: I think it&#39;s that way.
Ethan: When I find Julian, I&#39;m going to kill him.
Julian: Just I have to get out before Ethan comes back. If he catches
us together, he won&#39;t ask questions. He&#39;ll just tear me limb from limb.

Reese: You&#39;re the one they want, aren&#39;t you?
Miguel: Look, cut it out, Reese!
Reese: But --
Miguel: No, we don&#39;t need you mouthing off. All right, we need a
plan! You know, and all this talk about warlocks -- it&#39;s crazy!
[Hissing]
Simone: Uh-oh.
Kay: Wha-- what was that? Oh, my God.
[Warlock cackles]
Grace: It should be all right now.
David: Everything&#39;s all right when you touch me, Grace. I&#39;ve never
forgotten it -- your touch. I pray every day that I&#39;ll never live
without it again.
Sam: I don&#39;t think about our past for a reason, Ivy. Letters, the
dates -- it&#39;d be too painful. And there&#39;s another reason.
Ivy: What&#39;s that?
Sam: I feel -- if I think about my past love with you, it&#39;d be like
betraying Grace. The way I see it, even thinking about another woman is
being unfaithful, even if my relationship with the woman ended years
ago. I&#39;d never be able to live with myself if I was unfaithful to Grace.

Ivy: Oh, Sam. You can&#39;t be unfaithful to your wife. You don&#39;t have
one. Grace isn&#39;t married to you. She&#39;s married to David.
[Door opens]
Julian: Please listen to me. Please, I -- I can explain.
Warlock: Unless you do what we want, you&#39;ll never get out of this
cave!
Reese: No kidding.
Charity: I&#39;ve seen it before. It&#39;s one of the faces that I saw in the
fire, the ones that showed me the visions.
Warlock: Listen to me, mortals, and listen carefully. You have one
hope and one hope only. If you want to live, you must give us the one we
want.
Miguel: Who? Who&#39;s the one?
Warlock: Give us the one we want! Only a death can set you free!
Timmy: Something tells Timmy the warlock is talking about Tabby.
Tabitha: Oh, something tells you? I&#39;ve been telling you from the
moment we arrived in this bloody place. Of course, they&#39;re after me. And
the only way anyone is going to get out of this damn cave alive is if
the warlocks kill me!


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 9/17/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">







s



Monday 9/17/01







Sam: The last thing I want to do right now is argue with you. I don&#39;t
care what anyone says, David and Grace are not married.
Ivy: Sam --
Sam: I&#39;m a cop. I&#39;ve got my instincts, not what&#39;s written down on
some piece of paper that anyone can falsify. My gut tells me that David
Hastings is a fraud. If he weren&#39;t, Grace would remember some residual
feelings for him, which she doesn&#39;t.
Ivy: Well, aren&#39;t policemen supposed to go on the facts as well as
their instincts?
Sam: Of course, but this is different.
Ivy: No, Sam. The facts are a catholic priest remembers marrying
David and Grace long before you met her. And -- and there&#39;s the marriage
license in Connecticut. That&#39;s legally binding, Sam. That&#39;s real, Sam,
whether you want to believe it or not.
Sam: No, but Grace loves me.
Ivy: Well, be that as it may, Sam, she&#39;s married to David.
Grace: This should hold it till the storm passes and we can get you
to a doctor.
David: I meant what I said earlier.
Grace: Yeah? What was that?
David: That I&#39;m sorry that my being here has caused you so much pain.

Grace: Hey, you couldn&#39;t know that I didn&#39;t remember anything about
my life before I met Sam.
David: Yeah, but I just wish -- I just wish that I&#39;d realized earlier
before I barged into your life like a Mack truck.
Grace: Look, tell me something, will you? If you had known that I
lost my memory and that I&#39;d started a whole new life with Sam and my
children, would you still have come for me?
David: Do you really want me to answer that?
Grace: I wouldn&#39;t ask the question if I didn&#39;t want to know.
David: I guess the selfless answer would be no. I should tell you
that I would&#39;ve left you alone to live your life in peace and never
dumped this bombshell on you. I could tell you that. But it would be a
lie. I love you, Grace. I love you with every fiber in my being. And the
hell of it is, is that that&#39;s why I’ve got to believe -- I&#39;ve got to
believe that it&#39;s going to come back to you and, when it does, you&#39;ll
come back to me.
Julian: Listen, I can explain what I&#39;m doing with Theresa.
Whitney: You don&#39;t need to explain anything to me. I already know the
whole sordid story.
Julian: Good God, where are the others?
Whitney: They are on their way, and you are lucky that I was able to
sidetrack them and convince the maid to give me a key to get in here.
But they&#39;ll be here any minute, Julian, and they&#39;re looking for you.
They want to see for themselves whether or not you&#39;ve been fooling
around with Theresa.
Julian: What? &quot;Fooling around&quot;? She&#39;s my wife.
Whitney: Oh, oh, I&#39;m sorry, is that what you&#39;re planning on telling
them? Because trust me, from the looks of Luis, Ethan, and Mrs.
Hotchkiss, I don&#39;t think it&#39;s going to go over very well. In fact, I
think the three of them are going to kill you. Where&#39;s Theresa&#39;s room?

Ethan: I got the room number from the front desk, but I think Whitney
was confused. We&#39;re in the wrong wing. It should be down that way.
Rebecca: Well, we&#39;re going with you. I was just about to open every
door in this resort.
Gwen: Oh, God, it was all I could do to keep her from strangling one
of the chambermaids.
Rebecca: Yeah, well, she claimed she&#39;d already given the master key
to someone else, but I know she was lying. What are we waiting for?
Luis: And you&#39;re sure you want to see this? Because if Ethan and I
even find out that Julian looked at Theresa funny, he&#39;s not going to
make it through tonight in one piece.
Rebecca: Yeah, well, what&#39;s good for the goose is good for the
gander. If Theresa is with Julian, she is going to wish she had never
been born.
Warlock: Unless you do what we want, you&#39;ll never get out of this
cave!
Charity: It&#39;s a warlock.
Reese: No kidding.
Charity: I&#39;ve seen it before. It&#39;s one of the faces that I saw in the
fire, the ones that showed me the visions.
Warlock: Listen to me, mortals, and listen carefully. You have one
hope and one hope only. If you want to live, you must give us the one we
want.
Miguel: Who? Who&#39;s the one?
Warlock: Give us the one we want! Only a death can set you free!
Timmy: Something tells Timmy the warlock is talking about Tabby.
Tabitha: Oh, something tells you? I&#39;ve been telling you from the
moment we arrived in this bloody place. Of course they&#39;re after me. And
the only way anyone is going to get out of this damn cave alive is if
the warlocks me.
Simone: You&#39;ve really done it this time, Kay.
Kay: Me?
Simone: We would be home by now if you hadn&#39;t sabotaged our rescue
just so you could throw yourself at Miguel. Happy?
Kay: Yeah, delirious.
Miguel: I don&#39;t mean to give you a hard time. I just -- I don&#39;t know
who you mean has to die for us to get out of here.
Warlock: Are you mortals not equipped with brains? Figure it out.
Give us the one we want or no one will get out of this cave alive.
Tabitha: It&#39;s me, Timmy. I&#39;m the one who spoiled their big plan
hundreds of years ago when I gave them the wrong scepters.
Timmy: Can&#39;t a warlock take a joke?
Tabitha: Hmm, if they ever had a sense of humor, they lost it when
they exploded and they were beamed to another dimension. Can&#39;t blame
them really, who&#39;d want to be stuck on this bloody island for years and
years?
Timmy: But what good will it do the warlocks if they kill Tabitha?

Tabitha: Well, if I&#39;m out of the way, they&#39;ll finally be set free.

Timmy: Sounds like princess has a problem.
Warlock: Give us the one we want or all of you will pay the
consequences!
Kay: Simone, do you think he&#39;s talking about me?
Simone: Yes!
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and
kiss the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the
wings of the bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out
you keep me alive you are the fire burning inside of me you are my
passion for life…
Grace: You don&#39;t understand the love I have for Sam and my children.
I -- I couldn&#39;t turn my back on them for anything or anyone.
David: Look, what I understand is that when you love someone, you
love them with all your heart, your whole being. That&#39;s the way you
loved me once upon a time. I&#39;m doing it again. I&#39;m pushing you away when
it&#39;s the last thing I want to do.
Grace: You know it&#39;s not your fault. Oh, it&#39;s just that this --
David: It&#39;s just a really thorny situation, isn&#39;t it?
Grace: Yeah.
David: You know, somehow I just -- I just still believe that we&#39;re
going to get this somehow.
Grace: I can&#39;t see how.
David: Dr. Russell, your best friend, admitted that Sam and Ivy were
deeply in love when they were younger.
Grace: You know, I told you that was all over a long time ago.
David: Yeah, but relationships are never really over when there&#39;s a
child. I know you have your doubts yourself. As much as Sam professes
his love for you, you know there&#39;s got to be times when he -- he has to
wonder what his life would&#39;ve been like if he was with Ivy and the child
that they had.
Sam: Think what you want, but I&#39;ll never believe Grace is married to
David Hastings.
Ivy: Sam --
Sam: Ivy, I need to get you to a hospital.
Ivy: No. No please don&#39;t leave me.
Sam: Ivy, I want to stay, but you need to be looked at by a
professional. You&#39;ve been struck by lightning. You took a horrible fall.

Ivy: No. No, I&#39;ll be -- I&#39;ll be fine, Sam.
Sam: Maybe the tower&#39;s working again. Hey, I’ve got a signal.
Sam: This is Chief Bennett. I need an ambulance sent to the west end
of Lighthouse Park, ASAP. It&#39;s for Ivy Crane. If anyone can hear this,
hurry.
Ivy: You think you got though?
Sam: We&#39;ll see.
Ivy: Ok. It doesn&#39;t matter, Sam. It doesn&#39;t matter. All I need is
you.
Whitney: Theresa? Julian, what have you done to her?
Julian: What? Nothing, I swear. I&#39;ve been trying to wake her up, but
every time I get close, she goes right out again. You&#39;ve got to help me
find a way out of here before they catch me.
Whitney: Don&#39;t even look at me. I sent the others on a wild-goose
chase just so I could come back here and warn you. I&#39;m not helping you
anymore.
Julian: I appreciate everything you&#39;ve done, and when this is all
over I&#39;ll send you a nice, fat check.
Whitney: God, I do not want a check. I don&#39;t want anything. I did not
do this for you. I did this for Theresa and Ethan. It would kill Ethan
to find out that Theresa married you -- even if she was blind drunk when
she did it.
Julian: More than likely.
Whitney: If I were you, I would get out of here, Mr. Crane, right
now.
Ethan: Hey, look, we&#39;re going the wrong way. We have to go back.
Rebecca: Good grief. You know, you would think with all the money
that Julian and your mother spent on your education, they could&#39;ve
bought you a better sense of direction.
Gwen: Mother! God!
Rebecca: What? What&#39;d I say?
Miguel: Forget it! All right, I don&#39;t want to hear your threats!
[Warlock laughs]
Warlock: Do you know who you&#39;re talking to?
Miguel: I don&#39;t have a clue. And you know what? I don&#39;t give a damn.
All right, you scared Charity, the woman I love, with your sick,
twisted, frightening visions. If anything, I should be giving you a
warning!
Reese: Uh, Miguel?
Warlock: Listen to your four-eyed friend. You&#39;re not helping your
case.
Miguel: You think I&#39;m scared of you? You think any of us are? We have
survived the bowels of hell, literally, and you are lame compared to the
demons we had to deal with there. So why don&#39;t you just stop your
bluffing and leave us alone so we can get out of this horrible place.

Timmy: Timmy never realized how brave Miguel was. No wonder Charity
likes him more than Timmy.
Tabitha: Oh, she likes him because he&#39;s real and you are a doll. And
just for the record, there&#39;s a fine line between heroics and stupidity,
and, if you ask me, Miguel is being very stupid right now.
Warlock: Do you want to see what kind of powers you&#39;re up against
with me?
Miguel: You know what? I don&#39;t think you&#39;ve got anything going for
you at all. I think you&#39;re just a big, ugly loser!
Charity: Oh, Miguel --
Warlock: I warned you.
[Screams]
Warlock: Do you still want to mock me? Because I&#39;d be glad to show
you more!
Tabitha: See what I mean, Tim Tim? I&#39;m afraid that this time Miguel&#39;s
pushed him too far.
Reese: Ow!
Simone: Oh!
[Timmy cries]
Warlock: I repeat -- deliver me the one we want or you&#39;ll never see
your families again!
Jessica: Did that really happen?
Simone: It must have. I saw it, too.
Reese: Now you all know Charity really did see warlocks. And I bet
that guy was the head kahuna.
Charity: Look, you guys, those threats that he made -- we could all
die.
Miguel: No, no one&#39;s going to die. What&#39;d I tell you? Look, the wind
moved the boulders. Now we&#39;ve got a shot at getting out of this cave.

Reese: Ok, but which way do we go?
Miguel: Um -- look, we should split up into twos.
Kay: I&#39;ll go with Miguel.
Simone: Haven&#39;t you caused enough trouble already?
Miguel: Look, I&#39;d be glad to go with you, Kay, but I want to keep an
eye on Charity. You should go with Simone. Jessica, you can go with
Reese and Tabitha.
Tabitha: No!
Miguel: Why not?
Tabitha: Well, um, Jessica and Ross can pair up. I&#39;ll be fine on my
own.
Charity: Oh, no, no, no, Tabitha, you&#39;re not going by yourself.
Reese: Hello! This is what I’ve been telling you guys for months now.
Tabitha knows she won&#39;t be by her little doll of here is actually alive.
She also knows that she&#39;s the one that the warlocks want. That&#39;s why she
wants to split off from us because she figures she might get a chance to
save her neck.
Tabitha: Oh, that&#39;s absurd!
Reese: Is it? Well, why don&#39;t we just call old hamburger head back
and ask him?
Miguel: Shh!
Reese: Hey, yo, warlock dude!
Jessica: Stop.
Grace: When Sam told me that Ivy was in his past, he meant it. Look,
I know Sam. He wouldn&#39;t say that unless -- unless it was true.
David: Is this the same Sam who lied for all those years about even
knowing Ivy? I&#39;m sorry. I don&#39;t mean to trash his honor. I just want to
make sure that you&#39;re not looking at this -- this so-called marriage
through rose-tinted glasses.
Grace: You think I don&#39;t see Ivy doing everything she can to get some
back? Look, I&#39;m in love with him. I&#39;m not stupid.
David: I know that.
Grace: Good. Because even Ivy knows that she doesn&#39;t have a prayer
with Sam. My family has proven time and time again that they can survive
anything. So all I want right now is to be with my kids and with Sam
because I know when I&#39;m in my husband&#39;s arms, everything&#39;s going to be
ok.
Ivy: I love you, Sam. I can&#39;t help it. I just can&#39;t imagine what my
life would&#39;ve been if I&#39;d never gone back to Julian.
Sam: Very different, I imagine.
Ivy: Yeah. Yeah. You know, Sam, I&#39;m not so sure I&#39;m going to make it
through this.
Sam: Of course you are.
Ivy: No, so I think maybe I&#39;d better come clean with everything. You
know, when I found out that David had come to town, I have to admit that
my spirits really soared. I thought maybe if Grace was legally married
to David, then you would be free to be with me.
Sam: Don&#39;t do this, Ivy.
Ivy: No, Sam, I -- I get it now. I get it. Even with David in the
picture, you&#39;re never going to give up on Grace, are you? You love her
that much. Yeah. Yeah, even reliving our best times together didn&#39;t make
you want me. I guess I&#39;ll never have you again, Sam. Maybe I never did.

Sam: Ivy, don&#39;t do this to yourself, all right? Conserve your energy
until help gets here, ok?
Ivy: Oh, Sam. What difference does it make? Even if they can give me
something for the pain, they&#39;re never going to be able to fix what&#39;s
really broken.
Julian: I&#39;m gone. I was never here.
Luis: You&#39;re sure Theresa&#39;s room is down here?
Ethan: That&#39;s 249. It should be the next one.
Rebecca: Well, let me do the honors.
Julian: God, it&#39;s the lynch mob.
Ethan: Me first, Rebecca. Theresa, it&#39;s Ethan! Open the door!
[Pounding on door]
Ethan: Look, Julian, if you&#39;re in there with her, you&#39;d better start
saying your prayers.
Luis: It&#39;s not going to do him a bit of good when I get my hands on
him.
Julian: What am I going to do? I was so certain that Ethan and Luis
died at sea.
[Pounding]
Whitney: Well, it looks like the only one who&#39;s going to die tonight
is you, Mr. Crane.
Ethan: If you don&#39;t open this door right now, we&#39;re going to break it
down.
Sam: Sure am glad to see you guys. I wasn&#39;t sure if my call got
through.
Paramedic: Yeah, we had to play it a few times to make out where you
were, but we finally pieced it together.
Sam: None too soon. Mrs. Crane was helping me fix the beacon when she
was struck by lightning.
Paramedic: She&#39;s lucky to be alive.
Sam: She took a bad fall after she was hit. Now, I&#39;m not sure if she
has any broken bones, but she&#39;s very weak.
Paramedic: We&#39;ll take care of her.
Sam: Have you guys heard anything about my kids? They&#39;re on Warlock
Island.
Paramedic: Not yet, but we ran into Hank and T.C. They&#39;re on their
way out there now. They couldn&#39;t wait for you any longer.
Second Paramedic: I&#39;m sure they&#39;re ok.
Sam: I hope so. Grace is frantic. She&#39;s over at the church right now
setting up an emergency shelter. Hey, what is it?
Paramedic: Well, we were just at the church, but Grace wasn&#39;t there.
I mean, nobody mentioned seeing her.
David: Grace, Grace. Grace. You&#39;re exhausted. You&#39;ve got to get some
rest.
Grace: David, I -- I&#39;m fine.
David: Listen, it&#39;s not just a lack of sleep. You&#39;ve been worrying
about your daughters in the storm. And I&#39;ve been dumping all this
baggage on you when you least need it.
Grace: Please just stop blaming yourself, all right?
David: Well, it&#39;s the least I can do considering I just barged into
your life the way I did. I&#39;m so sorry that I caused you so much stress.

Grace: I can ha I&#39;m tougher than I look.
David: I know. But just humor me, ok? Uh -- I&#39;m going to take some of
these blankets and make up a bed for you and -- and you should really
get some sleep until we can get out of here. Ow.
Grace: Oh, David, your arm.
David: No, it&#39;s ok, it&#39;s ok. I&#39;m -- I&#39;m tougher than I look.
Grace: Please, God, make sure that Sam and my children are safe.
Miguel: Just cool it, Reese.
Reese: But I&#39;m telling you she&#39;s a witch!
Miguel: I don&#39;t believe that, ok, and neither does anyone else here.
So just stop scaring people. Look, don&#39;t pay any attention to him,
Tabitha, all right? He&#39;s a great guy, but he&#39;s always had an overactive
imagination.
Tabitha: I&#39;ll bet it&#39;s that internet he&#39;s always looking at. I never
trusted it.
Miguel: Well, whatever it is, just lay off, Reese, ok?
Reese: Whatever you say, Miguel.
Jessica: Thank you.
Miguel: All right. Everyone, you ready?
Charity: Yes.
Miguel: Let&#39;s go.
Charity: Ok.
Simone: No, Kay, we are going this way.
Kay: No, but --
Jessica: Oh, Tabitha? Are you going to come with us?
Tabitha: You two run along. I&#39;ll catch up.
Jessica: Ok.
Tabitha: Don&#39;t worry about me.
Jessica: Sorry. Come on.
Tabitha: How did that dratted Reese boy know that it was me the
warlocks wanted?
Timmy: Timmy just wants to know how Tabby&#39;s going to hide from them.

Tabitha: I don&#39;t know if I can, Timmy. Let me put it this way -- I
hope you had a good look at your precious Charity because it might be
the last look you&#39;ll ever get.
[Timmy gulps]
Timmy: Does princess mean --
Tabitha: Timmy, if the warlocks find me, they&#39;re going to kill you,
too.
[Doorknob rattles]
Julian: They&#39;re going to rip me apart one appendage at a time.
Ethan: Look, we&#39;re not fooling around! Open this door before we break
it down!
Whitney: All right, fine, I will help you again. But I&#39;m only doing
this for Theresa&#39;s sake, not yours.
Julian: Oh, God bless you, my child!
Whitney: Oh, don&#39;t! This way. Come on.
Julian: Oh, the balcony. Of course. The mob has me so shaken, I
wasn&#39;t thinking straight.
Whitney: Come on, come on. What?
Julian: My God! It&#39;s stuck! I&#39;m a dead man!
Ethan: He&#39;s not leaving us any choice.
Luis: Move back. Ready or not, Julian, you&#39;re about to have some
company!
Singer: You are my passion for life…
Sam: No wonder Grace didn&#39;t make it back to the church in this mess.
She probably took shelter in the shed when she went to go get some
supplies or maybe she&#39;s at Tabitha&#39;s. [Ivy moans]
Sam: Hey, easy, guys, all right, she&#39;s been through a lot.
Paramedic: Well, I&#39;m afraid it&#39;s not quite over she&#39;s in a lot of
pain. The ride to the hospital&#39;s going to be a little rough on her.
Sam: Don&#39;t worry, I&#39;ll go with you.
Ivy: No. No, you go find Grace. I -- I know that&#39;s what you want to
do. Don&#39;t worry about me. They&#39;re going to fix me up at the hospital --
at least physically. As for the rest of it, well, I&#39;m pretty good at
patching myself up, huh?
Sam: You&#39;re something, you know that?
Ivy: Thanks.
Sam: Thank you for being so strong. You take care of her, you hear?
Hey, listen, you hang in there, you hear?
Ivy: Good-bye, Sam.
David: Come on. Come on. Over here. There we go. It&#39;s not the four
ones, but it&#39;ll do in a pinch. Come on.
Grace: Thanks.
David: Sleep tight. If only things had been different for us.
Kay: I don&#39;t think Reese is right about Tabitha at all. I think
Charity&#39;s the one that they want.
Simone: No, that&#39;s just sick, wishful thinking on your part, Kay.
Besides, they already had Charity. Why would they let her go if she was
the one that they were looking for?
Kay: Well, how am I supposed to know what warlocks think? All I know
is that the legend that Reese told us about is coming true.
Simone: Oh, yeah, right, all that&#39;s left is for Charity to die and
you to end up right next to Miguel.
Kay: Simone, I didn&#39;t make up the legend, ok? It&#39;s been around for
hundreds of years. You can think I&#39;m a monster if you want to, but it&#39;s
not like I want Charity to die. I just -- I want Miguel. If she has to
die for that to happen, then --
Simone: You are worse than a monster, Kay. Monsters are not supposed
to care about anything you are.
[Noise]
Charity: What was that?
Miguel: I just stepped on a rock. That&#39;s all. Look, you&#39;ve got to try
to calm down, ok? There&#39;s nothing to worry about.
Charity: Yeah, except the warlocks who threatened to kill us.
Miguel: Yeah, well, that&#39;s all they can do, ok, because it&#39;s not
going to happen. We&#39;re going to get out of this cave and we&#39;re going to
find a way off this island. I promise you I&#39;m not going to let anyone or
anything hurt you.
Tabitha: Oh. Another dead end. If we don&#39;t find a way out of this
place, Timmy, we&#39;re history.
Timmy: It looks like Timmy&#39;s looking at history right now.
Tabitha: Now what are you on about?
Timmy: Look, Tabitha, somebody painted all over the wall. They look
like the warlocks princess told Timmy about. And that one there? He
looks like the one that blew the wind before.
Tabitha: I think you&#39;re right, Timmy. This seems to be a pictorial
record of the warlocks&#39; history on this island. Look, look -- this one
shows them when they first set foot on the beach.
Timmy: They do have very big feet.
Tabitha: Oh, and here they are flying through the trees. And here
they are with their torches at a council meeting. Oh, suffering Satan,
would that my eyes deceive me.
Timmy: What&#39;s Tabitha looking at?
Timmy: Whoa! That looks like Tabitha!
Tabitha: Hmm. It is. It&#39;s me -- give or take a century or two -- when
I gave the wrong scepters to the warlocks.
Timmy: What&#39;s wrong with that?
Tabitha: Well, don&#39;t you see? If the kids stumble on this part of the
cave and see this, they&#39;ll know for sure that I&#39;m the one the warlocks
want. They&#39;ll give me up in a New York minute so that they can get home
safe and sound. Oh.
Julian: God, why me? I mean, what did I ever do to deserve such a
rude and undignified end? Oh, what do you know? You&#39;re too young to
understand. I was just beginning to enjoy life, and now it&#39;s over.
Luis: You guys ready? On the count of three?
Chad: Yeah.
Ethan, Chad, Luis: One, two, three!
Ethan: Oh, no.
Sam: Grace, are you in there? No wonder she didn&#39;t make it back to
the church. She must be trapped inside. I&#39;m going to get you out of
there!
Timmy: It can&#39;t be. Timmy&#39;s in the painting.
Tabitha: Are you sure?
Timmy: Look for yourself, princess. How did Timmy get in there?
Tabitha: I don&#39;t know. But we haven&#39;t got time to worry about that
now. We&#39;ve got to keep Miguel and that obnoxious Ross boy from seeing
this. Here, look. There&#39;s the ticket.
Timmy: Mud? Oh, Timmy&#39;s going to get all dirty.
Tabitha: Oh, you&#39;re already dirty. Come on, help me.
Kay: Incredible.
Simone: No kidding. I wonder what these railroad ties are for.
Kay: They&#39;re part of a trail. Do you know what this means, Simone?

Simone: What?
Kay: People have been here before. Maybe we&#39;re close to an exit.
Simone: I&#39;ll run up ahead and check, ok?
Kay: Yeah, ok, I&#39;ll try to see where that light&#39;s coming from. Maybe
there&#39;s an exit above us.
Simone: Oh, boy. Ooh. Ok. I&#39;ll meet you right here, ok?
Kay: Yeah.
Simone: Ok.
Charity: So you&#39;re not just saying all this stuff to make me feel
better, are you?
Miguel: No way. All right, we are going to get out of this cave. I
promise. Fill up my water bottle when we passed that spring around the
last corner.
Charity: Oh. Well, go back and I&#39;ll just wait for you here.
Miguel: Are you sure you don&#39;t mind? Besides, I&#39;ll look for an exit
while you&#39;re gone.
Miguel: Be back in a sec.
Charity: Ok. [Charity gasps]
Charity: What was that?
Charity: Stop freaking out. There&#39;s nothing there. There&#39;s nothing
there.
Ethan: Oh, my God.
Luis: Theresa? Theresa?
Gwen: Is she dead?
Ethan: I think she&#39;s been drugged.
Luis: Damn Julian.
Whitney: So what&#39;s going on?
Chad: Whitney, where have you been?
Whitney: I was looking for you guys. Theresa?
Ethan: Her pupils are dilated and her breathing is shallow.
Luis: She&#39;s obviously been given something to make her pass out.
Ethan: When I find him, I&#39;m going to kill him.
Luis: There&#39;s not going to be anything left when I&#39;m through with
him. Watch out.
Luis: Damn it. It&#39;s jammed. Which means there&#39;s no way he could&#39;ve
gotten out.
Ethan: That means he&#39;s still in here.
Rebecca: Julian, you can run but you can&#39;t hide. We&#39;re going to get
you. Come on, Gwen.
Ethan: He&#39;s got to be here somewhere.
Luis: Maybe the door jammed after he got out.
Ethan: Well, even if he escaped, he couldn&#39;t have gone too far.
Rebecca: Oh, I&#39;ll get that. No, let me.
Ivy: Sam? Sam?
Paramedic: He&#39;s not here, Mrs. Crane. But don&#39;t worry. We&#39;ll get you
to the hospital and we&#39;ll have you all fixed up in no time.
Second Paramedic: You hope.
First Paramedic: Her heartbeat&#39;s very irregular. Did you radio the
E.R.?
Second Paramedic: They&#39;re standing by. I told them we had a lightning
victim who also took a bad fall.
First Paramedic: Oh, we&#39;re losing her. Grace! Hey. She&#39;s got to be in
there.
[Sam groans]
Tabitha: Hurry up, Timmy. If the kids see this painting, they&#39;ll know
I&#39;m a witch for sure.
Timmy: And that Timmy&#39;s not just a doll. Uh-oh.
Tabitha: Now what? Oh, no.
Reese: What&#39;s going on, Tabitha? What are you trying to hide?
Kay: Man. Still can&#39;t see where that light&#39;s coming from. Hope
Simone&#39;s having better luck than I&#39;m having. Oh, my God, it&#39;s going to
kill her.


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 9/18/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 9/18/01






Proofread by Laurie
Paramedic: How's she doing, Seth?
Seth: No pulse yet. I'm trying. I'm working on it.
Paramedic: Come on, come on. Chief Bennett will have our heads if we lose
her.
Seth: Jacob, there is nothing going on between Chief Bennett and Ivy Crane.

Jacob: Like you would know.
Seth: I know Chief Bennett loves his wife.
Jacob: Look, I'm not trying to pin something on the chief here, but you read
the tabloids. Chief Bennett and Ivy Crane have a son together, Ethan Crane.
Seth: Yeah, I know what the tabloids say.
Jacob: Look, my point is you better take good care of that patient. Chief
Bennett would be very unhappy if the mother of one of his children should die on
our watch.

Pilar: Eve, have you heard from Sam or Grace?
Eve: No. Nothing, Pilar.
Pilar: I hope they're all right. With everything they're going through, the
hurricane, it's the last thing they need.
Eve: You talking about David Hastings?
Pilar: Yeah. Poor Grace, I mean, to have this man come from her past and
claim to be her husband when she has no memory of him at all.
Eve: Look what Sam has to deal with. Can you imagine someone walking into
your life and then trying to lay claim to your wife?
Pilar: Yeah. It's painful for both of them.
Eve: I hope Sam and Grace's love is strong enough to weather this storm.
Pilar: I think it is, Eve. I mean, Grace found out about Sam's past with Ivy,
she lost the baby, and they got through all of that. I think they can get
through this, too.
Eve: I hope so. I mean, it's not as if Grace even remembers knowing this
David. And when we reenacted the wedding, she drew a blank.
Pilar: I know, and Sam is convinced that if it ever did happen, then Grace
would have some memory of the marriage, even with her amnesia.
Eve: Well, I don't think Sam has anything to worry about. Grace and David --
they'll never make a connection.

Ethan: I think I kicked Theresa's lipstick under the bed.
Luis: This is unbelievable, even for Julian Crane -- drugging my sister to
take advantage of her. &nbsp;When I get my hands on him, I'm going to ring his neck.

Rebecca: Yeah, well, you're going to have to stand in line because no fiancé
of mine is going to get away with this.
Whitney's voice: Ethan and Luis are alive, and so is Chad.
Julian: That's impossible. They all died at sea in the storm.
Whitney: No, no, they didn't. They survived, and they think Theresa is up
there with you.
Julian: Oh, egad.
Whitney: They're on their way up there right now.
Julian: No.

Reese: What are you doing, Tabitha? What is it you don't want me to see? ( I
don't see this having any place in this scene.)
Timmy: What's Tabitha looking at?
Timmy: Wow! That looks like Tabitha!
Tabitha: It is. It's me -- give or take a century or two -- when I gave the
wrong scepters to the warlocks.
Timmy: What's wrong with that?
Tabitha: Well, don't you see? If the kids stumble on this part of the cave
and see this, they'll know that -- for sure that I'm the one the warlocks want.
They'll give me up in a New York minute so that they can get home safe and
sound. Whatever do you mean, Ross? Who is Ross?

Kay: Man. I still can't see where that light's coming from. Hope, Simone's
having better luck than I'm having. Oh, my God, it's going to kill her.
Simone: Charity, watch out!
[Charity screams]
Jacob: What's going on back there? Is she going to make it?
Seth: Got it. We got a heartbeat. But she's in bad shape. Speed it up Jacob.

Jacob: I'm driving as fast as I can in this storm.

Grace: What? Sam. Oh, Sam. Oh, thank God you're all right. I was so worried
about you. Did you get the children off the island?
Sam: Hank and T.C. went to the island to get the kids.
Grace: Look, Sam, what you saw -- it's not what you think.
Sam: Why don't we talk about what I saw. I think I know exactly what's going
on here.
Grace: Sam.

Doctor: What's going on here? What are you people doing in here, bothering my
patient?
Luis: Your -- your patient? Theresa?
Doctor: You must have forgotten. I examined you after you almost drowned at
sea. And you two as well.
Luis: No, I remember. You're the resort doctor.
Doctor: That's correct. Dr. Salas.
Chad: Well, what's wrong with Theresa?
Dr. Salas: She was hysterical when she thought you three were dead, so I gave
her a sedative and sent her up here to rest.
Rebecca: But -- so Julian didn't drug her?
Gwen: So she's been here the whole time?
Dr. Salas: I assume so. She's obviously still sedated. Again, what are you
people doing in here?
Luis: We're looking for Julian Crane.
Ethan: Yeah. Have you seen him?
Dr. Salas: No, I haven't.
Ethan: Well, so -- I guess Julian didn't drug her.
Luis: Yeah, well, I'd still like to find Julian.

Jessica: Get real, Reese. Why would anyone want to cover the wall of a cave
with mud?
Reese: To hide something. That's why. Look. There's some kind of painting
under this mud. What are you trying to hide, Tabitha?
Timmy's voice: Think fast, princess.
Tabitha: It wasn't just you I was hiding the paintings from, Ross.
Reese: It's Reese. For the last time, it's Reese.
Tabitha: All right, all right. Don't get your knickers in a twist. I didn't
want anyone to see the paintings. They're pornographic.
Jessica: What?
Tabitha: Yes. Some depraved graffiti artist drew these pictures in the 60s --
the 1660s if you ask me. And I didn't want you innocent children to see such a
disgusting display.
Reese: Yeah, right.
Jessica: I think it was sweet of you, Tabitha, to try and protect us.
Tabitha: Hmm.
Jessica: Now, will you leave her alone?
Reese: So you were using mud to try to cover the painting on the wall?
Tabitha: Yes. So?
Reese: Aha! Then why is there mud on your doll's hands? Oh, wait. I know the
answer to that, because he was trying to help you cover the paintings.
Jessica: Oh, Reese, really.
Reese: Well, I -- I -- I know I'm right. This doll is alive, isn't he,
Tabitha? Just like I've said all along. He's alive!

Grace: Sam, please don't be upset. Nothing was going on.
Sam: Grace, listen. I'm not upset. I know nothing was going on as far as
you're concerned. But I think David was taking advantage of the situation.
David: Hey -- I would never take advantage of Grace under any situation.
Grace: Sam, we were trapped in here. The storm blew the tree down. We
couldn't get out.
Sam: I know, I know. I could see that you wouldn't have been able to move the
tree from in here.
Grace: David tried to get us out of here. And he didn't try anything, Sam. He
was a perfect gentleman.
David: Thank you.
Sam: Stay out of it.
Grace: Sam, David pulled me away from the window right before that tree came
crashing through. He cut his arm. I bandaged it. You know, I really just want to
know how the kids are.
Sam: Listen. Don' worry. Hank and T.C. are going to bring the kids back.
Grace: Thank God. Oh, sweetie. I was so worried about you fixing that beacon.

Sam: I managed to get it working so a ship could get out, but Ivy was trying
to help me, and she was hurt.
Grace: Ivy was trying to help you?
Sam: Yeah. She climbed up the pole to try to give me a hand, but she was
struck by lightning.
Grace: Oh, my God.
Sam: And then when I tried to climb down to get her, she fell to the ground.
She's on her way to the hospital right now.
Grace: Was she badly hurt?
Sam: I couldn't tell how bad it was. I just hope she's at the hospital right
now, getting help.

Eve: It's Ivy. What happened?
Seth: She was hit by lightning, and then she took a bad fall.
Jacob: She arrested on the way here.
Seth: B.P. is 80/50 and dropping.
Eve: Her pupils are fixed and dilated. Get her into three.
Pilar: Oh, my God, that's Ivy. Eve, is she going to be all right?
Eve: We're going to do everything we can to help her.

Chad: Whitney, look, I can see that you are a nervous wreck, all right? So
why don't you just tell me what is going on.
Whitney: I can't tell you anything, Chad.
Chad: And why not? I mean, you already said that you knew a huge secret and
that if Ethan found out about it he'd be devastated.
Whitney: And that's exactly why I can't tell you.
Chad: Well, I still don't know why.
Whitney: Look, Chad, I'm not going to tell you what's going on so you won't
feel obligated to tell Ethan. So let's just agree to this, ok?.&nbsp;Then that way,
he won't be hurt.
Chad: Ok. Look, I just hate to see you all tied up in knots like this. I
mean, maybe if you told me what was going on, I could help.
Whitney: You can't, Chad, but thank you. I'm just hoping this whole problem
will be solved before Ethan has to find out.
Chad: Is this secret a lot bigger than the last one that Theresa was keeping
from Ethan -- about knowing he wasn't a Crane?
Whitney: It's way bigger.
Chad: Whoa.
Whitney: And that's exactly why Ethan can't know anything right now. So
listen to me. Do we have a deal or what?
Chad: Yeah. I just hope this one doesn't blow up in Theresa's face like the
last one did.

Ethan: You know, I still can't believe we let our imagination get the best of
us like that.
Luis: Yeah. I wonder who was in the room with Julian when I chopped a hole in
the door. Julian must've been scared to death.
Ethan: Yeah, I'm sure he's still running. I feel sorry for the girl that was
with him. I'm sure she'll never get over the trauma.
&nbsp;Luis: I'm coming in! [Pounding on door]
Julian: My God. I'm getting the ax. Ethan, if you only knew.
Kay: Can you see him, Simone? Is Miguel all right?
Simone: I can't tell. Why didn't you try to warn Charity?
Kay: I was too scared. I just couldn't speak.
Simone: You spoke out all right when you thought Miguel was going to be hurt.
Come on. Let's go see if they're all right.
Kay: Miguel -- Miguel, are you ok?
Simone: Charity --
Miguel: I'm ok.
Simone: Oh, Charity is, too, thank God. Come on.
Charity: I wonder if the warlocks sent that beam down.
Simone: I don't think so, Charity.
Tabitha: Let go of my doll.
Reese: Doll, my foot. That doll's a person.
Miguel: That sounds like Reese and Tabitha. Let's go check it out.
Charity: I'm ok.
Jessica: Stop it, Reese. Leave Tabitha alone.
Reese: I'm going to prove to you this doll's alive.
Jessica: No --
Reese: Ow. Did you see that? He stuck his tongue out at me.
Jessica: Ok. Ok, Reese. You know, I think it's time for your medication. Now,
just come with me calmly --
Reese: No, I'm serious. I saw him do it.
Jessica: I'm seriously starting to worry about you, Reese.
Miguel: What's going on?
Reese: Miguel -- Tabitha was trying to cover these paintings on the wall with
mud, only her little doll has mud on his hands, too. And then&nbsp;he stuck his
tongue out at me.
Jessica: You know, pay no attention. You know, he's really lost it this time.

Tabitha: I agree with Jessica. Ross should be on medication.
Reese: I'm not crazy. Look, there's mud on the doll's hands.
Simone: So what? It's dirty down here. She probably accidentally dropped him
in the mud.
Reese: No. Miguel, I'm telling you the truth. Timmy stuck his tongue out at
me.
Miguel: Ok, Reese. Just calm down. All right? Right now we need to think of a
way to get out of this cave.
Charity: Yes. You know what? I have a feeling that the warlocks are watching
us and that they're ready to strike.
Tabitha: Oh, no, no, not again. [Warlock cackles]
Warlock: The only way you can escape this cave is to give us the one. Only a
death will save you.
Tabitha: They want me, Timmy. If they don't kill me, they'll kill everyone
else, including you.
Timmy: Timmy knows Tabby said if she doesn't die, Timmy's dead meat.
Tabitha: I can't let that happen. I can't let you suffer for what I've done.
I've got to do something.

Grace: How did you know where to find me?
Sam: The paramedics told me that you didn't make it to the church. I figured
you were here getting some supplies. I saw the tree blocking the door, so --
David: Sounds like the storm is still pretty bad.
Sam: It's bad. It's getting worse.
Grace: You know what, David? Your arm -- we really should get you to the
hospital.
David: Yeah. Yeah, maybe I should.
Sam: My car is parked outside. We should go.
Grace: I am so glad you're ok, Sam. I love you so much.
Sam: I love you, too.
Eve: Ivy? Can you hear me, Ivy? Speak to me.
Ivy: Eve? Eve? Oh, what's happening? Where am I?
Eve: You're in the hospital. You've got some serious injuries, but we're
going to take care of you.
Ivy: How's Ethan? I -- I want to see Ethan. I need to see him.
Pilar: Ethan's not here, Ivy. Are you in much pain?
Ivy: Yeah. It hurts.
Eve: Ok, we'll have to get a cat scan first. Then we'll take her into
surgery. She's got some internal bleeding, and I think she might have some
spinal injuries.
Ivy: Sam -- is he all right? He was trying to fix the beacon.
Eve: I'm sure Sam is fine. And, Ivy, we're going to run some tests, and then
we're going to take you into surgery. I need you to sign some forms.
Ivy: Surgery? Ok. Am I going to be ok?
Eve: We're going to do everything we can to help you.
Ivy: I heard you say &quot;spinal injuries.&quot; Am I going to be paralyzed?
Eve: Look, I can't tell you anything more than that right now. We're going
to&nbsp;run some tests, nurse.
Nurse: Yes, doctor?
Eve: I want you to take her to x-ray, cat scan, full blood panel. Call O.R.&nbsp;too
and have them on standby.
Nurse: Sure.
Ivy: No, wait a minute. Wait. I'm not going to go anywhere until I talk to
Sam.
Eve: Ivy, you're in serious condition.
Ivy: No. I have to talk to Sam. I need to talk to him. I have to tell him
something.

Ethan: I thought that balcony looked familiar. We were right outside when&nbsp;I
heard Theresa call my name.
Luis: Yeah. You were the only one that heard her.
Ethan: She must've called out in her sleep, but Julian was nowhere near here.

Whitney: Let me out of here! Julian! [Pounding on door]
Ethan: Theresa, are you in there?
Theresa: Ethan?
Julian: That's what you think, Ethan.

Dr. Salas: Theresa is fine, but she should sleep for a while longer.
Luis: She's going to be ok, right?
Dr. Salas: She just needs to rest. So you may have a moment with her, but
then I'd like you to leave. Good night.
Ethan: Thank you, Dr. Salas. Hey -- look, she's coming to. Hey.
Theresa: Ethan. Am I dreaming?
Ethan: No, baby. I'm here. And so is Luis.
Luis: How are you feeling, sis?
Theresa: You're both here, alive. Chad? Is Chad ok?
Chad: Alive and kicking.
Theresa: Thank God. It's a miracle. And what about Sheridan?
Luis: Well, they're still looking for her. I'm going to call the army captain
right now, see if there's any word.

Rebecca: Thank goodness Julian didn't hear my threats. He's never seen me
that angry. I hope he never does.
Gwen: Mother, he still cheated on you, even if it wasn't with Theresa.
Rebecca: I know. I'm not exactly happy about it. But I've only known Julian
as a hound dog. Never expected to change him. I just didn't want him to
embarrass me by sleeping with the daughter of the hired help.
Gwen: I wish he had slept with her. That way Theresa's relationship with
Ethan would have been killed.

Luis: Listen up, everybody! The rescue team has found a woman at sea. They
think it's Sheridan.
Chad: Oh, that's good.
Whitney: That is so awesome. (Julian's voice) &quot;Impossible. Sheridan's dead. I
paid Basil and June a small fortune to make sure of it. Oh, father. Father's not
going to be happy about this. Not at all.&quot;

Warlock: You will all die unless you give us the one!
Tabitha: Timmy, you have to get out of here.
Timmy: No. Timmy wants to stay with his princess.
Miguel: Look, I told you before, you don't want to mess with me, all right?
I've been to hell. I fought demons. So I'm not afraid of you -- you understand?

Warlock: Enough! Now you will all die! You will be buried in this cave for
all eternity! [Warlock laughs]
Miguel: Follow me. We'll go back to the cavern, try to find a way out from
there.
Reese: Hold it! Hold it. My tracking device system is finally working. It'll
help us backtrack to the cave we originally came in at.
Miguel: Ok, then we'll follow you! Come on!
Tabitha: Oh. Oh. Timmy, Timmy, follow the kids. Look -- there's a space that
you could crawl through. You can still save yourself. Go on, Timmy. Go.
Timmy: No, Timmy's not leaving his princess. Tabitha's not going to die
alone.

Luis: Can you give any more details about the woman? I just need to know for
sure that it's Sheridan.
Woman: I was told the description of the woman we found at sea matched
Sheridan Crane's description.
Luis: Thank God. Well, when can I see her? [Phone rings]
Woman: What? I'm sorry, Mr.. Lopez Fitzgerald. I've got about 20 people on
hold.
Luis: I want to talk to the captain.
Woman: I'll tell him. He'll be in the lobby of your resort soon, and he'll
tell you more then.
Luis: Thank you, ma'am. Thank you so much.
Ethan: What did they say? Is Sheridan all right?
Luis: Look, all I know for sure is they found a woman who matches Sheridan's
description. The captain's got more information. He's going to be in the lobby
soon.
Ethan: Thank God. It's a miracle.
Julian: No! Damn it, no!
Luis: I knew they would find Sheridan. I'm going to go down to the lobby and
wait for the captain.
Gwen: Call us as soon as you have any more information, will you?
Luis: Yeah, sure. Theresa -- you get some rest, all right? We'll talk later.

Theresa: Ok.
Ethan: Hey, I'll come down in a few minutes. I'm going to sit with Theresa
for a while.
Luis: Absolutely. I can't wait to see Sheridan.
Gwen: I can't stand watching them together, mother. It's making me sick.
Rebecca: I'm not exactly enjoying it, either. I want to get to Julian's room
and wait for him. He's got some &quot;splaining&quot; to do, hmm?
Julian: Explaining to you, Rebecca, is the least of my worries. Somehow I
have to explain to father why Sheridan's not dead.

Chad: Hey, guys? It feels real good to see you two together again. (Whitney's
voice): I&nbsp;have to get everybody out of here so Julian can make his getaway.
Whitney: Well, come on, you guys. Why don't we get out of here so Theresa can
get some rest.
Chad: Yeah.
Whitney: Ok?
Ethan: Yeah, you're right. I'll come back later to check on you, ok?
Theresa: Ok.
Julian: It's about time!
Chad: See you later, Theresa.
Ethan: Oh -- you know what? I forgot about Theresa's lipstick.
Whitney: Oh, Ethan, Theresa won't miss her lipstick.
Ethan: No. I know how Theresa is about her makeup, and if I don't get it now,
I'll forget about it.

Tabitha: Oh, Timmy -- Timmy, come on. Let's run over to that ledge so we
don't get squashed. Come on.
Tabitha: Oh. Oh, Timmy. Timmy, go on. You can still catch up with the kids,
and Ross has a tracking device that will lead you all out of the cave.
Timmy: No! Timmy's not leaving.
Tabitha:&nbsp; I can't live with the guilt if you die because of me. I'm going to
-- I'm going to give myself up to the warlocks.
Timmy: Tabitha can't do that!
Tabitha: I can and I will! I don't care if the warlocks kill every one of
those blasted kids, but I can't let you die, Timmy. You're too precious to me.
Go, Timmy, go. I want you to live. Go, Timmy, go! Go on! Go, go! Go, Timmy!

[Kids scream]
Kay: Are you sure this is the way out?
Reese: This must be some kind of shortcut! The tracking device is never
wrong!
Miguel: So, which way do we go now? [Jessica screams]
Reese: Uh-oh.
Jessica: What?
Reese: The tracking device is down.
Jessica: No!
Reese: I don't know which way to go.
Charity: We're all going to die! [Charity screams]

Pilar: Grace? Oh, thank goodness. We were so worried when you didn't come
back to the church. Are you all right?
Grace: Yeah, I'm fine. It's just David has a cut on his arm.
Pilar: I'll get somebody to tend to it.
David: No, I'm sure there's far more serious injuries. I'll just go check in.

Pilar: Ivy's here. She's in pretty bad shape.
Sam: I know. I called the ambulance.
Pilar: The paramedics said that she was hit by lightning.
Sam: Yeah. She was trying to help me get the beacon working again and she was
struck by lightning and fell from a pole. How is she?
Pilar: Not good. She has internal bleeding and injuries to her spine. Eve's
preparing for surgery.
Grace: Dear God. I mean, she was just trying to help Sam, trying to help our
kids.
Eve: Oh, Sam, I'm so glad you're here. Ivy's asking for you. She refuses to
sign the consent forms.
Sam: Refuses? Why?
Eve: She won't until she talks to you.
Sam: Well, if she needs surgery, she should go in right now.
Eve: She said that it's very important and she won't let us do anything until
you talk to her.

Whitney: Ethan, you know, Theresa's probably so out of it right now, she's
probably not even going to wake up until tomorrow. Why don't you get her
lipstick for her then, let her get some rest, you know?
Ethan: Yeah, yeah, you're right.
Whitney: Well, you know what? I have to call my mom, check in with her. I'll
meet you guys down in the lobby?
Ethan: Sure.
Whitney: Sound good? Ok.
Chad: We'll see you there.
Whitney: Ok. Bye.
Whitney: Julian?
Julian: Whitney --
Whitney: Ah!
Julian: Ooh!
Whitney: God -- you scared me!
Julian: I thought -- I thought Ethan was coming in.
Whitney: No, no, I got rid of Ethan for you. But if Ethan and Luis come back,
they are going to kill you.
Julian: Yes. You don't have to tell me twice. I think I'll go through the
balcony.
Whitney: All right, all right. I'll talk to you later.
Julian: On the other hand, why would they come back right away? Theresa needs
her rest. Doctor's orders. Like the old song says, you must stop and smell the
flowers. Oh, God. Let me drink in this beautiful sight for one more moment.

Ethan: You know what, Chad? I know what Whitney said, but I think I want to
go back, check on Theresa and make sure she's all right.
Chad: Oh, ok. But we probably shouldn't wake her up, though.
Ethan: Yeah.
Chad: All right. Come on.

Jessica: Ah! No!
Miguel: No, we're not going to die! I think I remember the way out of here.
Just follow me.
Jessica: Quick. Oh --
[Kay screams]
Tabitha: Timmy, please, go. Do as I say -- go! Save yourself!
Timmy: Timmy can't leave his princess. He's not going to leave her to die.
Timmy's staying.
Tabitha: All right. I was trying to be nice, but no more. I don't want you
here because I don't want the last thing I see before I die to be a pain in the
tuckus like you!
Timmy: Huh?
Tabitha: You're a stupid little doll, and -- and I don't want you here
anymore. Besides, I have no intention of letting the warlocks get me. I just
said that so that I could get rid of you with all your annoyances and your
incompetence. Now, I want you to leave here and never come back. I'm just tired
of you always hanging around me.
Timmy: Does Tabitha really mean what she says? Tabby said she loved Timmy.

Tabitha: Well, I lied. I'm a witch. I'm evil. Got it? Why would I love you
after everything you've put me through?
Tabitha: Oh. Ha -- I think I've taken quite enough from you for one lifetime.
So go on! Get out of here! Get out of my sight! I never want to see you again!

Timmy: Fine. Timmy knows when tabby's serious. He'll go. Good-bye, princess.

Tabitha: Oh. Oh, Timmy. I'm sorry. I had to hurt you for your own good.

[Tabitha sighs]
Tabitha: All right, warlocks! Here I am! Come and get me! Do your worst!

[Warlocks laugh]
Tabitha: All right, you got me, so let the others go.
[Warlocks laugh]

Rebecca: Gwen, do you see a waiter? I want to have champagne sent up.
Gwen: Ooh, at a time like this?
Rebecca: Champagne is always appropriate, no matter what the occasion. Oh --
there's Luis.
Gwen: Hey, Luis, have you gotten any more information on Sheridan?
Luis: Not yet. The army captain should be here soon, though.
Gwen: Ok, but you'll call us as soon as you know, right?
Luis: Don't worry, I'll be shouting it from the roof. Sheridan's alive. I'll
be holding her in my arms again.

Sam: Why does she want to talk to me?
Eve: I don't know, Sam, but I wish you would -- and hurry.
Grace: Sam, just go to her. She's in pain.
Sam: Do you know how special you are?
Grace: Sam, I am not --
Sam: Yes, you are.
Grace: I'm not special. I'm just thankful that she tried to help you, and I
don't like to see anybody in pain.
Sam: Ok, I'll see what she wants. I love you.
Pilar: You see how much they love each other? Sam loves Grace. And Grace
loves Sam and her children more than anything. Do you really want to take that
away from her? [Ivy groans]
Ivy: Sam, where are you? I have to talk to you. I have to tell you the truth.
[Warlocks laugh]

Tabitha: I'm the one you want to kill, so kill me!
Warlock: Yes, Tabitha, you are the one we want.
Second Warlock: And now you are going to die.
[Warlocks laugh]
[Tabitha
screams]
Timmy: What was that? It sounded like Tabitha. Princess! What are they doing
to you?
Kay: We're still trapped in here.
Simone: There's got to be a way out of here.
Reese: No, this is definitely where we came in, but it's closed now.
Miguel: It's opening!
Jessica: Oh --
Miguel: Come on!
Jessica: Go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
Miguel: Look, we got out and no one had to die. The warlocks were wrong.
Jessica: Where's Tabitha?
Charity: Oh -- oh, she -- the warlocks must've gotten her when we ran out of
the cave! No! It was Tabitha's death that allowed us to escape!

Julian: Now, remember, Theresa, you can't tell Ethan or Luis or anybody about
our marriage, about what we did. All right. I'm going now.
Theresa: No. Don't go. Don't leave me.
Julian: Well, I won't if -- if you want me to stay. Oh.

Ethan: I just still can't believe that I thought Julian was with Theresa.
Chad: You were pretty steamed, dude.
Ethan: Yeah, I was. If we'd have found them together, I would've killed him.

Chad: Oh, I believe you.
Ethan: Yeah, I'm going to sit with Theresa, wait till she wakes up. Will you
let Luis know?
Chad: Oh, sure. No problem.
Ethan: All right. And let me know if there's any news about Sheridan.
Chad: Hey, you got it, man.
Ethan: All right.
Chad: All right.










  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 9/19/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Wednesday 9/19/01







Sam: Thank you for being so understanding, Grace.
Grace: Ivy needs to talk to you, Sam.
Sam: But given my past with her and the way she&#39;s hurt you by trying
to come after me again, I wouldn&#39;t blame you if you didn&#39;t want me to go
in there.
Grace: But you know what, Sam? She&#39;s been injured, she&#39;s in terrible
pain, and she wants to talk to you. Of course you have to go to her.
Sam: I wonder what this is all about. Any idea, Eve?
Eve: I don&#39;t know, Sam. I just know that she won&#39;t let us treat her
until she&#39;s talked to you, and we really need to get her into surgery.

Grace: Go.
Sam: You&#39;re a very special woman, and I love you.
Eve: David, I think I should take a look at this arm.
Eve: Yes. They do have a very strong bond. They love each other very
much. And their family means everything to them. And if you truly love
Grace, you would leave her alone.
Ivy: Oh, Sam. Sam, I have to -- I have to talk to him. I -- I have to
tell him the truth.
Nora: Officer Lopez Fitzgerald?
Luis: Yeah?
Nora: Nora Randall. We spoke earlier.
Luis: You&#39;re the captain&#39;s assistant.
Nora: I apologize for being so short with you on the phone, but since
the hurricane, we&#39;ve been flooded with calls.
Luis: Oh, it&#39;s ok. But I&#39;d sure like to know more about this woman
who was found
Nora: I wish I had more information for you.
Luis: She does fit the description I gave you.
Nora: Oh, yes, quite. And the boat with her aboard is on its way back
now.
Luis: Well, did she give you her name – Sheridan, Sheridan Crane?
Nora: I&#39;m really sorry, but I don&#39;t know anything more than I&#39;ve just
told you. My radio communication with the boat kept cutting in and out.
All I know is a young woman was found at sea and is being brought in.

Luis: Well, it&#39;s her. It has to be Sheridan.
Chad: Hey, Whitney.
Whitney: Hi.
Chad: Hey. You -- you get through to your folks?
Whitney: Yep, mm-hmm. I left them a message, thank you.
Chad: So, now what?
Whitney: Well, I&#39;m going to -- I think I&#39;m going to go to Theresa&#39;s
room and be with her so she&#39;s not alone, ok?
Chad: Well, Ethan beat you to it.
Whitney: What do you mean, Ethan beat me to it?
Chad: Well, he went in there to make sure she&#39;s ok.
Whitney: Julian?
Julian: Whitney --
Whitney: Ow!
Julian: Ooh!
Whitney: God! You scared me!
Julian: I thought -- I thought Ethan was coming.
Whitney: No, no. I got rid of Ethan for you. But if Ethan and Luis
come back, they are going to kill you.
Julian: Yes. You don&#39;t have to tell me twice. I think I&#39;ll go through
the balcony.
Whitney: All right, all right. I hope he listened to me.
Chad: What?
Whitney: Oh -- nothing.
Chad: Look, you told me Theresa&#39;s got some huge secret. I think you
should just tell me.
Whitney: Chad, Chad, we agreed, please.
Chad: I know, I know, I know. All right. I don&#39;t ask, you don&#39;t tell.

Whitney: Trust me -- it&#39;s better this way.
Chad: Some night, huh? I&#39;m just glad we did not find Julian with
Theresa because that would have been --
Whitney: A complete disaster, yes.
Chad: Yeah. And Ethan would have gone nuts and Julian Crane would be
a dead man.
Ethan: What the hell are you doing?
Julian: E-- Ethan, I --
Ethan: You pig! Get your filthy hands off her!
Julian: But -- but --
Ethan: You&#39;re a damned lecher!
Julian: I --
Ethan: If you were with Theresa, I&#39;ll kill you!
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and
kiss the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the
wings of the bird I knew could take me highest. Breathe in, breathe out
you keep me alive you are the fire burning inside of me you are my
passion for life…
David: Mailing address -- Foothills of the Atlas Mountains. Actually,
I did used to have a post office box in Marrakech. I wonder if I still
have it.
Eve: I think that&#39;ll do. Oh, and next of kin.
David: I -- I don&#39;t have anyone you can call.
Eve: No family at all? Even during all the years she was missing, if
I was asked to fill out any forms, I always listed Grace as my wife.
She&#39;s -- she&#39;s all I have.
Grace: You can put me down, David. You can fill me in as next of kin.

Pilar: Oh, you have to be strong, Mrs. Crane, for your children&#39;s
sake.
Sam: Ivy, you wanted to see me?
Ivy: Oh. Sam. Sam.
Pilar: I&#39;ll leave you two alone.
Ivy: No. No, Pilar, please. You can stay.
Sam: Eve said you wanted to talk to me about something, but you need
to go into surgery right away.
Ivy: No. No. I can&#39;t go in till I talk to you. It&#39;s important. Oh --

Sam: What is it?
Ivy: Whew. It&#39;s just -- it&#39;s hard for me to talk. But -- I might not
make it through this. And if I die, then there&#39;s something I have to
speak to you about, and it&#39;s important.
Chad: It&#39;s a good thing we didn&#39;t catch Julian with Theresa because
Ethan would have torn him apart.
Whitney: Oh. Yeah, yeah. It would have been really awful.
Chad: Look, I don&#39;t give a damn about Julian Crane, but I do care
about Ethan. And that would have destroyed his life.
Whitney: And Theresa&#39;s, too. I mean, she would have blamed herself.

Chad: Well, why? It wouldn&#39;t have been her fault. Theresa wouldn&#39;t go
anywhere near Julian.
Theresa: You know, we have -- here -- a marriage license to prove it.

Whitney: Oh, my gosh. You really are married to Julian Crane.
Theresa: I know.
Whitney: Theresa, you said that you both woke up. Does that mean that
you and Julian slept together?
Theresa: Yes.
Whitney: Does that mean that --
Theresa: It&#39;s exactly what it means, Whitney. Not only did I marry
Julian Crane, I had sex with him.
Whitney: No. No, no, of course she wouldn&#39;t. She would never
encourage Julian.
Julian: You -- no!
Ethan: Damn you, Julian!
Julian: This isn&#39;t what it looks like.
Ethan: Oh, I know exactly what it is!
Julian: No, listen to me! I swear, I can explain!
Ethan: Oh, you mean lie!
Julian: Look, I -- I -- I leaned over Theresa to see how she was, and
she -- she suddenly put her arms up around my neck and --
Ethan: Like hell!
Julian: She was thinking I was you. I -- well --
Ethan: The doctor gave her a sedative! She was out of it! You were
taking advantage of her!
Julian: No, no, no, I swear.
Ethan: Oh, is that how you got her into bed? You made her think you
were me?
Julian: Uh -- brace yourself, my Bonita bride. This is going to be
the most exciting night of your life. Nirvana, here we come.
Theresa: Ethan --
Julian: Uh -- that&#39;s -- that&#39;s prepos… preposterous. You must think
very little of me.
Ethan: Oh, less than you can imagine.
Julian: You actually think that I would stoop that low? Never.
Ethan: You have absolutely no scruples, no morals, none!
Julian: Ethan, I --
Ethan: The maid saw you in your room with a dark-haired girl in bed.

Julian: What?
Ethan: Well, don&#39;t try to deny it! I know it was Theresa! And somehow
you managed to sneak her down here before we arrived! And then you hid
in here somewhere while we were looking around for you, somewhere, but
where?
Julian: Ethan, this is not remotely like -- like what you&#39;re
thinking!
Ethan: Like hell it isn&#39;t. I know what you&#39;re up to. And I&#39;m going to
tear your heart out.
Luis: It&#39;s Sheridan.
[Luis sighs]
Luis: Is there news?
Nora: Yeah, sorry, but I&#39;m still having difficulty reaching the boat
by radio. The storm really fouled up all communication. But I did have
the coastal authority check its radar, and it appears the boat&#39;s further
out to sea than I thought. It&#39;ll be sometime before it makes it back in.

Luis: Great. That&#39;s just great.
Nora: And I wish I had better news. : So do I.
Nora: I&#39;m afraid we&#39;ll just have to wait.
Luis: I&#39;m just not really good at that.
Nora: Yeah, I&#39;ve noticed. Look, there&#39;s nothing you can do right now,
so I suggest you go to your room, lie down, and try to relax.
Luis: Relax?
Nora: Have a soak in a bath, shave, get into some fresh clothes.
Luis: Yeah, you&#39;re right. It&#39;s been a while since I&#39;ve had any of
those things. I should get cleaned up for Sheridan. She&#39;s coming soon.

Nora: Let&#39;s hope.
Luis: No, I know. I know it&#39;s her. I know Sheridan wasn&#39;t lost and
they would find her if they just kept looking.
Nora: You love her very much.
Luis: She means everything to me.
Nora: Then I&#39;ll pray that this woman really is your Sheridan.
Luis: No, it&#39;s her. So, I&#39;m going to go up to my room now, get
cleaned up. I&#39;m going to get her some dry clothes, some fresh flowers.
Everything&#39;s going to be perfect. I know it is.
Ivy: If I don&#39;t make it, you have to promise me that you&#39;ll be there
for Ethan. Please, promise me you&#39;ll make Ethan a part of your family.
He needs you, Sam. I didn&#39;t want to admit it, but he needs his father,
and promise me you&#39;ll always be there for our son.
Sam: I will be.
Ivy: Ok.
Sam: I&#39;ll be there for our son. But you&#39;re going to be fine.
Ivy: I&#39;m so sorry.
Sam: For what?
Ivy: Oh. I should have told you that Ethan was your child. I thought
I was protecting him, but I -- I was wrong.
Sam: I know.
Ivy: I made such a horrible mistake. And I hurt all the people I love
most. Just made a mess out of my life.
[Ivy sighs]
Ivy: I never should have stayed with Julian and I never should have
gone back to that house after I spent my wedding night with you.
Sam: What&#39;s done is done.
Ivy: Oh, if only I&#39;d stayed with you.
Sam: Don&#39;t talk about the past, Ivy.
Ivy: I can&#39;t help it -- oh!
Sam: Hey --
Pilar: Mrs. Crane, you need to take something for your pain.
Ivy: No, Pilar. This pain? This pain is nothing compared to what I
feel in my heart, and that pain will never heal. Oh, I&#39;ve done such
horrible things -- God, so many horrible things.
David: I appreciate you letting me list you as my family, Grace.
Grace: You know, David, don&#39;t make more out of than --
David: I&#39;m not. I just want to thank you. I know you don&#39;t remember
marrying me, but you&#39;re my wife, Grace, my only family.
Eve: I want to just take a look at that arm.
David: I was just thinking before about the past 20 years --
everything that I&#39;ve been through, all the things that have happened to
me. What I would have given to have had you by my side. But it&#39;s good
that you&#39;re here now.
Grace: Well, I&#39;m glad I could be here for you now. I mean, if you
hadn&#39;t pulled me away from that falling tree, you never would have cut
your arm in the first place.
David: No, it&#39;s -- it&#39;s just a scratch.
Eve: Oh, no. It&#39;s considerably more than a scratch. But the cut isn&#39;t
deep. It should heal nicely.
David: What are you thinking about, Grace?
Grace: I&#39;m worried about the kids. I mean, Eve, why haven&#39;t we heard
from them?
Eve: Well, T.C. And Hank went out to get them to bring them back,
but, you know, this storm is so terrible. I can&#39;t imagine how difficult
it must be for them to just get there.
Grace: I&#39;m just really worried.
Eve: Oh, well, we&#39;ll just have to pray for everyone.
Grace: Hope they found some shelter.
Eve: Oh, I&#39;m sure Reese has every inch of that island mapped out and
I&#39;m sure he knows where there&#39;s cover.
Grace: Yeah, I&#39;m sure Reese -- he&#39;s found it.
David: I understand what you&#39;re going through, Grace. It&#39;s hard not
knowing. Waiting is the hardest thing in the world to do. After you
disappeared, spent years waiting for some word, some sign, but it never
came, until now.
Nurse: Dr. Russell? I want to put a fresh dressing on a patient&#39;s
arm.
Eve: Yes, right. David, this nurse is going to take care of your arm.

Nurse: Come with me, sir.
Eve: So what&#39;s going on, Grace?
Grace: &quot;Going on&quot;?
Eve: Between you and David.
Grace: Well, what do you mean?
Eve: Well, I just sense that there is something different now.
Grace: Oh, no. There&#39;s nothing -- yeah, maybe something is different.
When David and I were trapped in the shed, we talked a lot about the
past -- our past.
Eve: Are you starting to remember, Grace? Are you starting to
remember your marriage with David?
Julian: Ethan, let&#39;s n-- not be rash.
Ethan: You bastard!
Julian: If you&#39;d just let me explain --
Ethan: No, there is no explanation needed! I know what you were up
to! You&#39;re trying to take advantage of Theresa!
Julian: What? Never!
Ethan: No, you are always coming on to women! You know? If it&#39;s not
one of the maids, it&#39;s some tart in the bar. You know, you are always on
the prowl. You&#39;re disgusting!
Julian: This couldn&#39;t be more innocent.
Ethan: Oh, no. No, this time you&#39;ve gone too far. This is the lowest.
And to think for 20 years you believed you were my father.
Julian: Well, I was proud to be your --
Ethan: Oh, and now? You&#39;re going after the woman I&#39;m going to marry,
the woman I love? It&#39;s unspeakable! You know, you&#39;re not a man. You&#39;re
-- you&#39;re a thing. You are scum! I can&#39;t even stand to look at you. When
I think of what you might have done to Theresa -- oh, I&#39;m going to enjoy
tearing you apart.
Julian: No! No!
Whitney: What was that?
Chad: I ain&#39;t sure, but it sounds lit came from the direction of
Theresa&#39;s room.
[Crash]
Whitney: That was definitely
Chad: What is going on in there?
Whitney: Oh, my God. Please don&#39;t let it be Julian. Ethan will kill
him.
Singer: Lying in my bed I hear the clock tick and I think of you
caught up in circles confusion is nothing new then you say go slow I
fall behind the second hand unwinds if you&#39;re lost you can look and you
will find me time after time if you fall I will catch you I&#39;ll be
waiting time after time hmm, hmm hmm hmm, hmm hmm, hmm hmm time after
time…
Luis: I know it&#39;s you, Sheridan. I know you&#39;re the woman they found
at sea, that you&#39;re safe, and that you&#39;re coming back to me. I know it.

Ivy: Hmm. I just want to make peace with the three people I love most
in the world -- Pilar, my closest and dearest friend, and Sam, who I
hurt so much, and Ethan. All I wanted to do was give him a better life
-- that&#39;s all. Oh, I hurt him more than anybody.
Sam: We&#39;ve been trying to reach Ethan to get him back here.
Pilar: Eve received a message from Whitney that they&#39;re all down in
the islands, but the hurricane knocked out communications.
Sam: And we&#39;ll keep trying, Ivy. But it&#39;s doubtful that Ethan will
make it back for your surgery.
Ivy: Oh --
Sam: But you are going to pull through this.
Ivy: I don&#39;t think so, Sam.
Sam: Yes, you will. You&#39;ll be good as new.
Ivy: Yeah. We&#39;ll see.
Sam: You wouldn&#39;t be here if you hadn&#39;t tried to help me.
Ivy: Oh, oh, Sam. No, I would do that again in a second. I&#39;d do it a
thousand times.
Nurse: We&#39;re ready to move Mrs. Crane to O.R.
Ivy: Ok. Good-bye, Sam.
Sam: I&#39;ll see you soon.
Ivy: Hey, just please tell Ethan how much I love him please tell him
how sorry I am.
Eve: So you&#39;re starting to remember being married to David?
Grace: No. But I&#39;m feeling this -- a connection.
Eve: Well, that could be because he&#39;s filling in all these blanks
from your past.
Grace: You know, having amnesia is so frustrating, eve. The first 20
years of my life is a complete mystery, and just to have some of these
pieces filled in -- it feels good.
Eve: So David -- he&#39;s --
Grace: Look, eve, don&#39;t worry. I love Sam. My husband and my children
mean everything to me, and Sam is the only man that I want to be with.

Ivy: Good-bye, Sam.
Julian: No! You&#39;re hurting me!
Ethan: Oh, that&#39;s the idea, Julian! I&#39;m going to hurt you a lot, make
you pay for all the rotten things you&#39;ve done!
Julian: You couldn&#39;t be more wrong about this!
Ethan: No -- I&#39;m right on the money about this. I just wish I would
have seen it years ago, but I guess I had blinders on. But now they&#39;re
off, and I&#39;m seeing you f you really are -- slime! You don&#39;t deserve to
live.
Julian: Think about what you&#39;re doing.
Ethan: I&#39;m making the world a better place. That&#39;s what I&#39;m doing.

Chad: Whoa, whoa, whoa --
Whitney: Ethan!
Chad: Take it easy! Take it easy!
Julian: Oh, my God!
Ethan: No, he was here the whole time hiding somewhere!
Julian: No, no, no!
Ethan: No, he was with Theresa!
Julian: Not true!
Ethan: In the bed with her!
Julian: No, no, it was --
Ethan: No, I&#39;ll kill him!
Julian: Please -- Chet! Chet, talk some sense into him!
Chad: The name is Chad. But don&#39;t sweat it. Hey, and you don&#39;t sweat
it either, all right? Because this fool ain&#39;t even worth it.
Ethan: Yes, but squeezing the life out of him will do my soul good.

Julian: No, this is madness!
Ethan: No, you&#39;re damn right it is!
Whitney: No! Ethan, don&#39;t do this! Look, I know the truth! I know
what&#39;s really going on here. .
Singer: You are my passion for life…
Sam: I&#39;m sorry, Grace, but I&#39;m worried about her.
Grace: Is she that bad?
Sam: She might not make it.
Grace: Oh, God.
Sam: And there&#39;s no one here for her.
Grace: Did you try Ethan?
Sam: Yeah. Couldn&#39;t reach him because of the storm. I feel like this
whole thing is my fault.
Grace: Oh, no, Sam.
Sam: I mean, Ivy wouldn&#39;t be here -- this wouldn&#39;t be happening right
now if she didn&#39;t try to help me. And now she could die.
Grace: Honey, I understand how you feel. I mean, all of us are afraid
of dying alone without our family.
Sam: I could see it in her eyes.
Grace: Sam, you can&#39;t blame yourself for this. It&#39;s not your fault.
It was the storm.
Sam: I&#39;m just happy you&#39;re safe.
Grace: Well, thanks to David.
Sam: What?
Grace: Sam, the same way we owe Ivy thanks for helping you, without
David --
Sam: What did he do?
Grace: He saved me, Sam.
Whitney: I can explain everything that&#39;s going on here, Ethan.
Ethan: All right, fine. I&#39;m listening. Whitney?
Whitney: You&#39;re way off about what has been going on here.
Ethan: Well, that&#39;s what I keep hearing, but I don&#39;t see how that&#39;s
possible.
Whitney: I was here with Theresa. I was with her when Julian came by.

Ethan: You were here in this room?
Whitney: Julian knocked on the door. He heard that Theresa was
missing, and he became worried.
Ethan: Julian?
Whitney: He came by to see if she had been found. And I needed to
call my mother back, and Julian graciously offered to stay with Theresa
until I came back. And, Ethan, that&#39;s what happened.
Julian: Yes, in a nutshell, it&#39;s --
Ethan: All right. But why was he on the bed with her?
Julian: Well, I&#39;ve already explained that. Theresa made a noise, and
I leaned over her to see if she was all right, and suddenly she reached
her arms around my neck thinking I must be you and -- but nothing was
going on, Ethan, nothing.
Luis: Roses -- they&#39;re her favorite. So I want the room filled with
them. Birds of paradise? All right, yeah. Load us up, because I want
everything to be perfect when my fiancée returns. Ok, thanks. I&#39;ve got,
let&#39;s see, what else? My clothes. My clothes, my clothes.
Luis: Will you do me the honor of becoming my wife? Will you marry
me?
Sheridan: Yes, Luis. I will marry you. Yes, yes.
Luis: Sheridan must have put it in her pocket before the -- [phone
rings]
Luis: Hello.
Nora: Officer Lopez Fitzgerald?
Luis: Yeah. Who&#39;s this?
Nora: Nora Randall, the captain&#39;s assistant.
Luis: Well, has something happened?
Nora: I just got word the boat has docked. I haven&#39;t spoken to the
captain, but I&#39;m sure he should be on his way to the hotel.
Luis: I&#39;ll be waiting in the lobby.
Sam: You&#39;re a good person, Grace, being sympathetic for Ivy, seeing
that I needed to be there for her.
Grace: And you&#39;re a good person, too, Sam, and I know you can do the
same thing for David. Look, in spite of what you think of him, he did
help me.
Sam: David?
David: Yes.
Sam: Thanks for helping Grace.
David: I would do anything I could for Grace.
Grace: I just wish we&#39;d hear from the kids.
Eve: Well, that certainly would put my mind at ease, but I&#39;m sure
they&#39;re ok.
Grace: You know what? I just can&#39;t stand…
Sam: I&#39;ll try to reach Hank and T.C. Again.
[Wind howls]
Eve: Well, it sounds like that storm&#39;s gaining in strength.
Grace: Dear God.
Sam: I wish there was something I could do.
Eve: Oh, Sam, you&#39;ve done so much already.
Sam: No, no, I haven&#39;t, not nearly enough. Our kids are still trapped
on that island; Ivy&#39;s fighting for her life, and all because of me.
Eve: Oh, Sam, it&#39;s not your fault.
Sam: No, if it hadn&#39;t been for me, none of this --
Grace: No, Sam, really. It&#39;s an accident.
Eve: It&#39;s nobody&#39;s fault. Sam, we don&#39;t need you to go beating
yourself up. We need you to be strong. Now, Ivy&#39;s going to be ok. I&#39;m
assisting in her surgery, and we&#39;re going to do everything we can for
her. She&#39;s in good hands.
Grace: Yeah, Ivy&#39;s getting the best possible care.
Sam: I&#39;m going to go make some calls. You going to be ok?
Grace: Yeah. I&#39;ll be fine. You go.
Julian: It -- it&#39;s as Whitney said.
Whitney: It was totally innocent.
Julian: Totally!
Ethan: So --
Whitney: Julian was just keeping an eye on Theresa while I went to
call my mother. That&#39;s all.
Julian: Yeah -- there was nothing untoward going on, I assure you.

Whitney: He was actually helping me out.
Julian: Oh, glad to lend a hand. [Julian chuckles]
Whitney: Please, Ethan. You have to believe me. That&#39;s what happened.

Ethan: If that&#39;s what you say happened, then that&#39;s what happened.

Julian: Well, thank God we have that all cleared up, right? Well --

Ethan: Julian, I suppose I owe you an apology.
Julian: Oh, no --
Whitney: Ethan, that&#39;s not really necessary.
Julian: Not in the least, no need, no. I mean, it&#39;s none whatsoever.
It&#39;s -- I understand.
Ethan: No. My behavior was anything but appropriate.
Julian: You were protecting the woman you love fiercely. No apologies
necessary.
Theresa: Ethan?
Ethan: Theresa.
Theresa: Hi. Oh, Ethan.
Ethan: Hey, hey. Hey, I&#39;m here, my love --
Theresa: Oh.
Ethan: You.
Theresa: I have had the craziest dreams.
Ethan: Hmm. Tell me.
Theresa: Well, the strangest thing happened. But it -- it seemed
real.
Julian: Oh --
Theresa: Mmm, mmm.
Bruce: Wha-hoo!
Theresa: Mmm -- mmm! Hmm! Oh, it&#39;s too awful. It couldn&#39;t have
happened.
Ethan: You were just dreaming. That&#39;s all.
Theresa: Are you sure? Are you sure it was just a dream?
Ethan: Yes, yes, of course it was.
Theresa: Oh, Ethan.
Ethan: Oh. Oh, I&#39;m here, Theresa. You know? And everything&#39;s going to
be all right. You know, we&#39;re going to get married. Things are going to
be just fine.
Julian: Hmm.
[Sam sighs]
Sam: I know that I don&#39;t talk to you, call on you a whole lot, lord,
but you may be my only hope right now. I ask that you keep my children
safe, take care of them, please. I pray that you&#39;ll make sure that my
children get home safely. Let no harm come to them, because my kids,
well -- they&#39;re my life. My family is my life. Please watch over them.
They mean everything in the world to me. And I ask you, dear lord, to
watch over Ivy. See that she makes it through this because if she died,
I -- I don&#39;t know what I&#39;d do.
Julian: Whitney, I -- I -- I cannot thank you enough.
Whitney: Don&#39;t, please.
Julian: You were marvelous in there.
Whitney: Look, just forget it, all right?
Julian: I mean, absolutely marvelous. You saved a life, a very
precious one. At least it is to me. Ethan was about to kill me.
Whitney: I didn&#39;t do this for you! I would never lie for you! I did
it for Ethan so that he wouldn&#39;t do something he would end up regretting
later.
Julian: Well, whatever your reason --
Whitney: And I did it for Theresa, too, so that this disgrace of a
marriage would not come out.
Julian: Whatever your motives are, I -- I appreciate it.
Whitney: You&#39;re -- you&#39;re a bastard, Julian, plain and simple. And I
don&#39;t care about you, and never will!
Julian: Duly noted.
Whitney: And I hope to God that you are doing something about this
annulment.
Julian: Oh, yes, yes, I&#39;m working on it.
Whitney: Do it now, Julian, ok? No delays. Get this marriage wiped
away, and listen to me -- no one can ever find out about this. If they
do, I&#39;m going to kill you myself.
Theresa: You&#39;re alive.
Ethan: Yes.
Theresa: And you&#39;re here.
Ethan: Yeah. I&#39;m here.
Theresa: I thought that I heard your voice, but I was so sleepy. I
wasn&#39;t sure if it was a dream, but it was really you. You were here.
Ethan: Yes, it was me. I&#39;m here with you now. I&#39;m not going anywhere.

Theresa: Never. You can&#39;t leave me.
Ethan: I won&#39;t.
Theresa: Luis. What -- what about Luis?
Ethan: Well, he&#39;s back, too. And we all made it back from the storm.
It was rough out there, we had a few bad moments, but we made it back.

Theresa: Oh, thank God. Sheridan?
Ethan: Well, Luis got word that they found her out at sea. And
they&#39;re bringing her back.
Theresa: Oh, Ethan, that&#39;s wonderful news!
Ethan: Yes, it&#39;s the best.
Theresa: Oh! Oh, I have to find Luis. I have to be with him. Oh,
he&#39;ll be so happy to be reunited with Sheridan. I want to be there with
him when -- when he finds Sheridan. I want to share in their happiness.
Oh.
[Footsteps]
Luis: It&#39;s you, Sheridan. I know it is. It has to be. It has to be
you. Captain, captain, I heard you found a woman at sea. It&#39;s Sheridan,
isn&#39;t it? Where is she?
Captain: I&#39;m sorry. There&#39;s been a terrible miscommunication here.

Luis: Well, what are you talking about? I heard you found a woman at
sea.
Captain: We did find a woman, yes.
Luis: All right.
Captain: But she wasn&#39;t alive.
Luis: What?
Captain: I&#39;m so very sorry. The woman we found was dead.
Luis: Oh.


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 9/20/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 9/20/01







Miguel: Ok, everybody just calm down.
Simone: But the warlocks must have gotten Tabitha while we were
running out of the cave!
Jessica: Oh, my God.
Charity: It was Tabitha&#39;s death that allowed us to escape, you guys!

Jessica: Oh, my God!
Kay: Jessica, will you please just quit saying that?
Jessica: Everything that he said has come true! The warlock said that
none of us would escape unless somebody died!
Reese: I guess they chose Tabitha as their victim.
Norma: Wrong! Tabitha&#39;s my victim. Mine.
Miguel: Look, Reese, we&#39;ve got to get her out of there. Let&#39;s go.
Come on!
Kay: No, Miguel! You&#39;re not going anywhere!
Charity: No! No! No! No! It&#39;s too dangerous!
Simone: You would be crazy to go back in there!
Jessica: You are not going in there!
Kay: Tabitha&#39;s probably dead already anyway.
Simone: They would only kill
Charity: Poor Tabitha!
Timmy: Princess?
Timmy: Timmy doesn&#39;t care what Tabby said. Timmy&#39;s going to save his
princess.
Tabitha: No! No!
Timmy: Princess! Tabitha! Don&#39;t hurt Timmy&#39;s princess! Don&#39;t you kill
Timmy&#39;s princess!
Sam: Please, God, watch over Ivy. If she died, I don&#39;t know what I&#39;d
do.
Grace: Ahem. Sam.
Sam: Grace. I didn&#39;t know you were here.
Grace: Yeah, I know.
Sam: I had to pray for Ivy.
Grace: I know.
Sam: There&#39;s no one else who could pray for her right now.
Grace: Sam, I understand.
Sam: Ethan has no idea his mother was struck by lightning and she
needs to go into surgery, could die.
Grace: And Julian?
Sam: Julian. Alive or dead, he couldn&#39;t care less.
Grace: But it means a lot to you that Ivy survives this, doesn&#39;t it?

Julian: When the chips were down, you came through, Whitney. You rose
above.
Whitney: I told you, Julian, I didn&#39;t do any of this for you.
Julian: Nevertheless, I am eternally grateful. I misjudged you.
You&#39;re a stand-up girl.
Whitney: Oh --
Julian: When we get back to Harmony, I&#39;ll write you a nice big check.

Whitney: Oh, please. I do not want your money. I think that you are a
complete pig, Julian. And don&#39;t think I don&#39;t know that when you were in
Theresa&#39;s room that you were trying to take advantage of her while she
was out of it.
Julian: Oh, not true!
Whitney: The only reason I told Ethan that I was in the room when you
came in was so that he wouldn&#39;t kill you and end up going to jail.
Julian: Well --
Whitney: Listen to me. I do want you to do something for me, Julian.

Theresa: Sheridan&#39;s alive. They found her.
Ethan: Yes.
Theresa: Well, I want to be there when they bring her in.
Ethan: Wait -- not too fast. Look, Theresa, you need to concentrate
on getting better.
Theresa: Yeah, but I am better, Ethan.
Ethan: No, you&#39;ve been through so much. You need to rest.
Theresa: I will, I will, but not just yet. I mean, right now, all I
can think about is going downstairs to be with Luis. Ethan, a little
while ago, everything seemed so bleak. But now, now the moon is out and
the stars are shining and everything feels so fresh and alive and
wonderful again!
Ethan: Well, someone is definitely feeling better.
Theresa: That&#39;s because you&#39;re here, Ethan. My love is here.
Ethan: You know, I really have to apologize for what happened before.
I just kept thinking, and I just got this crazy notion of what had
happened to you.
Julian: Wha--
Ethan: The doctor gave her a sedative! She was out of it! You were
taking advantage of her!
Julian: No, no, no, I swear.
Ethan: Oh, is that how you got her into bed? You made her think you
were me?
Captain: I know this comes as a terrible shock to you.
Luis: No. No, you&#39;re wrong.
Captain: I&#39;m afraid not.
Luis: I&#39;m telling you there has been a mistake.
Captain: The woman found at sea, Sheridan Crane, is dead. I&#39;m
terribly sorry.
Luis: Sheridan is not dead. Sheridan is out -- she&#39;s alive. I know
it.
Captain: I know that you were hoping for a miracle.
[Luis sighs]
Luis: She&#39;s alive.
Captain: I&#39;m sorry. They&#39;ll be bringing her body in soon. We&#39;ll need
you to identify her.
Singer: Breathe in breathe out you keep me alive you are my passion
for life…
Ethan: You know I love you, don&#39;t you?
Theresa: Oh, of course I do, silly. I mean, how can you even ask
that?
Ethan: Well -- it&#39;s just when I couldn&#39;t find you, when I called your
room and you didn&#39;t answer, you know, I began thinking -- I -- I don&#39;t
know -- I -- as I said, you know, crazy things. Look, and I behaved
badly, and I&#39;m really sorry.
Theresa: Well, I don&#39;t know what you did, but it doesn&#39;t matter. You
know, I&#39;m the one who should be apologizing for -- for causing you so
much grief. I -- I never should have taken that sedative the doctor gave
me. But I did because I thought that something awful had happened to you
and Luis and Chad. And the thought of you -- well, I just couldn&#39;t bear
it, Ethan.
Ethan: You know, I feel the same way. I couldn&#39;t bear it if you were
taken away from me.
Julian: You should know better than to threaten me, Whitney.
Whitney: You know, it&#39;s not a threat, Julian. Actually, it&#39;s a fact.

Julian: You realize I do own this hotel.
Whitney: I don&#39;t care what you own.
Julian: I could have you and your boyfriend arrested just like that.
Hmm? But seeing as you&#39;re a friend of my wife&#39;s, I&#39;ll ignore your little
threat and ask what I may do for you.
Whitney: For starters, you can stop calling Theresa your wife and get
the marriage annulled like you promised.
Julian: I already told you, I&#39;m working on it.
Whitney: Well, don&#39;t work on it, Julian. Just do it.
Julian: It will be done. But you must remind Theresa that mum&#39;s the
word when it comes to our marriage. She&#39;s to keep it a secret.
Whitney: You really think Theresa would want to go around telling
everyone that she&#39;s married to you?
Julian: Listen, she&#39;s still groggy. She could blurt out anything, and
we wouldn&#39;t want that, would we?
Whitney: Well, then, the sooner you get this marriage annulled, the
less likely she is to say anything to anybody.
Julian: Just tell her to keep quiet. Deal?
Whitney: Deal. Ugh.
Julian: Hmm. Ahem.
[Whitney sighs]
Chad: Whitney.
Whitney: Hi, Chad. How you doing?
Chad: Look, I know you don&#39;t think I should be in on what&#39;s going
down, but I&#39;m worried about you.
Whitney: Why?
Chad: Seeing you shaking hands and being palsy with Julian Crane just
makes me a little nervous. You mind telling me what&#39;s going on?
Sam: Yes. I want Ivy to survive.
Grace: Of course you do.
Sam: You know, there was a time that I&#39;d get angry just at the sight
of her. I had no pity for her. Couldn&#39;t care less what happened to her
one way or the other.
Grace: But now you do?
Sam: Well, like it or not, she&#39;s part of our lives. We share Ethan.
He&#39;s our son.
Grace: There&#39;s more than that.
Sam: What do you mean?
Grace: There&#39;s something else.
Sam: Oh, when I was with Ivy in the park before and she was struck by
lightning, realized how vulnerable she was. It hit me how little she&#39;s
gotten out of life, how unhappy she&#39;s been with Julian. And I&#39;m not
excusing the things that she&#39;s done. She should have told me Ethan was
my son. She shouldn&#39;t have pushed her way into our lives.
Grace: No, she shouldn&#39;t have done that.
Sam: I know she&#39;s hurt you terribly, but her unhappiness runs so
deep. It&#39;s her fault. She knows it. But still -- for her.
Sam: I feel sorry. For the first time, I -- I feel sorry for her. I
understand what she&#39;s been through.
Grace: I guess you and I are in the same boat, then. When David and I
were trapped in the shed together, he talked a lot about our life
together, the time we spent. And when I disappeared, it was really tough
on him. I guess in the same way that you feel sorry for Ivy, I feel
sorry for David.
Kay: I&#39;m going to miss, Tabitha.
Jessica: Me, too.
Kay: She always understood me.
Miguel: Ok, well, then, let&#39;s go in there and try to save her before
the warlocks kill her!
Norma: No! Nobody&#39;s going to kill Tabitha except me! She&#39;s mine, all
mine!
Reese: What the heck are you talking about?
Miguel: Wait, wait!
[Norma screams]
[all scream]
Simone: What was that all about?
Miguel: The cave closed! I think the warlocks did it!
Simone: What? Was Norma serious? Does she really want to kill
Tabitha?
Jessica: Why? What did Tabitha ever do to her?
Reese: I don&#39;t know. But that woman is definitely certifiable.
Simone: Oh, God. [Warlocks laugh]
Tabitha: Oh!
Timmy: What are they doing to Tabitha?
[Warlocks laugh]
Tabitha: Ah! No!
Timmy: Princess! Timmy&#39;s coming, Tabitha!
[Laughter]
Tabitha: No, Timmy! No! Run, Timmy! Run!
Timmy: If you as much as harm one hair on princess&#39; head --
Tabitha: Save yourself!
Timmy: You&#39;ll have to answer Timmy!
Tabitha: Go. Go! Don&#39;t look back, Timmy!
Timmy: Warlocks don&#39;t scare Timmy.
[Laughter]
Tabitha: Ow! Ow! Ooh! Go! Go while the going&#39;s good, Timmy!
Timmy: Leave Tabitha? Never!
[Laughter]
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy. Oh. I haven&#39;t always been there for you. I
haven&#39;t always been the perfect princess, but -- but I -- I&#39;ve always
loved you, Timmy. I never want any harm to come to you -- ow! Ooh!
Timmy: Let her go!
[Warlocks laugh]
Tabitha: I never meant what I said before, Timmy!
Timmy: Timmy knows!
Tabitha: Ow! Oh!
Timmy: Tabitha! Princess! Tabitha!
Sam: How did our life get so complicated?
Grace: I just wish I knew. But I know that these problems are real.
We can&#39;t ignore them, turn our backs on them, and wish they&#39;d just
disappear.
Sam: No.
Grace: We have to confront them face-on. I&#39;m just afraid it&#39;s going
to take a lot out of us.
Sam: Not only what&#39;s going on with us, but Ivy and David are part of
our lives, too. And then there&#39;s Ethan. He may be a grown man, but he&#39;s
my son starting a new life of his own. Ivy asked me to look after him,
to let him be part of our lives, our family. I couldn&#39;t say no. But you
have the final word, Grace.
Grace: I do?
Sam: If you&#39;re unwilling to accept Ethan into our home, then I&#39;ll
meet him outside.
Grace: Oh, no, no, Sam. That wouldn&#39;t be right. Look, if Ethan is
part of your life, then he&#39;s a part of my life.
Sam: Thank you.
Grace: I guess we just got to accept that our family isn&#39;t what it
once was.
Sam: Yeah, you&#39;re right.
Grace: It&#39;s not just Ethan, either. It&#39;s David, too.
Sam: David?
Grace: Sam, I know you don&#39;t want to accept it, but David is very
much a part of our life.
[Sam sighs]
Chad: Well, don&#39;t you want to tell me what&#39;s going on?
Whitney: Chad, I -- I can&#39;t. You&#39;re just going to have to trust me on
this. If I told you what Julian and I were talking about, you would feel
obligated to tell Ethan.
Chad: And that would cause a problem.
Whitney: A very, very big problem. All hell would definitely break
loose. That&#39;s why Ethan can just -- he can never know. And I know
Theresa&#39;s smart enough not to tell him, either.
Ethan: I&#39;m not going to let anything take you away from me again.
Theresa: Same here. Nothing and nobody, now and forever. Ethan, I
have to tell you about this -- this crazy dream I had. Don&#39;t touch me!
What are we doing in bed with each other?
[Theresa gasps]
Julian: Well, making love, of course.
Theresa: No! Oh! Thank God it was just a dream.
Luis: You don&#39;t know what you&#39;re talking about.
Captain: Look, I know how difficult this is for you --
Luis: Look, Sheridan isn&#39;t dead! I mean, she can&#39;t be --
Captain: I&#39;m only telling you what&#39;s been reported. Her body was
found at sea.
Luis: Well, then, where is she now?
Captain: Aboard a coastal vessel, in a body bag.
Luis: No.
Captain: She was dead when they found her. No one could have survived
the storm. She&#39;d been dead for quite some time. There was no chance of
reviving her. I&#39;m sorry.
Theresa: It was more like a nightmare than a dream. I guess I can
blame it on the drug that the doctor gave me. But it seemed real, Ethan.
It&#39;s just crazy, I guess.
Ethan: Well, what was it about?
Theresa: Ok. Well, I was actually --
Whitney: Theresa. Hey. Come on, girl. Let&#39;s hurry up and get dressed.
Everybody&#39;s meeting downstairs to welcome Sheridan back.
Theresa: Oh, I was just about to tell Ethan about this crazy dream I
had. I mean, whit, let me tell you. It was --
Whitney: Oh, honey, honey, it&#39;s ok. You can tell him later. I mean,
we don&#39;t want to miss out on being there for Sheridan at all. Ethan,
would you mind actually going out there in the hallway with Chad and
give us a little girl time?
Ethan: Yeah, sure.
Whitney: Thank you, Ethan.
Theresa: Bye.
Whitney: Bye. Theresa? It wasn&#39;t a crazy dream you had.
Theresa: What are you talking about?
Whitney: You and Julian.
Theresa: How did you know that Julian was in my dream?
Whitney: Theresa, honey, listen to me. It wasn&#39;t a dream. You did
sleep with Julian. And not only did you sleep with him, but you married
him in a 24-hour chapel.
Theresa: No, I -- no.
Whitney: Yes! Yes, honey! You told me yesterday morning. You admitted
it to me. Julian admitted it. The justice of the peace admitted it.
Honey --
Theresa: Oh, my God! It wasn&#39;t a dream! Oh, it really happened,
Whitney.
Theresa: Whitney, what am I going to do?
Whitney: Theresa, you&#39;re going to shut up about it. That&#39;s exactly
what you&#39;re going to do. You&#39;re just going to shut up and let Julian get
the annulment, and just pray that no one ever, ever finds out about
this.
[Theresa gasps]
Rebecca: Well, there you are -- at last.
[Julian burps]
Julian: My dove.
Rebecca: Oh, don&#39;t &quot;dove&quot; me!
Julian: Ahem. What&#39;s wrong?
Rebecca: I want the truth.
Julian: &quot;The truth&quot;?
Rebecca: Just who is she, Julian? Who have you been with? Who&#39;s the
latest tart?
Julian: I beg your pardon?
Rebecca: You heard me.
Julian: What, me with a tart? Never.
Rebecca: Who is she?
Julian: Well, I wasn&#39;t with anyone. Frankly, I&#39;m rather insulted.
Rebecca: Well, then, where have you been all this time?
Julian: Been walking the halls worrying about poor Sheridan.
Rebecca: Oh, Julian! Just come off it! Remember who you are talking
to here? You are the one that is responsible for your sister&#39;s --
Julian: Shh -- whoa, whoa!
Rebecca: For your sister&#39;s death. You are the one who arranged for
the bomb to explode. So how dare you play the victim?
Julian: I never wanted any of this. It was all father&#39;s doing.
Rebecca: Oh, save it. I just want to know what you&#39;ve been up to.
Julian: &quot;Up to&quot;?
Rebecca: Is there an echo in here?
Julian: Nothing. I have been up to nothing. Oh!
Rebecca: Oh, oh, oh, there she is! That is the maid that said that
she saw you in bed with a dark-haired young woman. Excuse me? Excuse me?
Hmm. I&#39;m going to get to the bottom of this.
Grace: Look, you may not want it to be true, but the fact is -- and
you&#39;re going to have to accept this -- David is my husband.
Sam: Grace --
Grace: Sam, he passed every test that we gave him.
Sam: Why can&#39;t you see --
Grace: He knows all kinds of things about me, little, everyday things
-- what I eat, what I wear. He knows things that only a husband should
know. There&#39;s a marriage certificate, a priest. A priest remembers
marrying us, Sam. Admit it -- David is a part of my life. So he&#39;s got to
be a part of our life.
Sam: David may claim to remember a lot of things. But do you remember
him?
Grace: I remember our wedding.
Sam: But you don&#39;t remember seeing the groom&#39;s face. He&#39;s conned you,
Grace. I&#39;ve said this from the very beginning -- he&#39;s making a fool out
of you!
Grace: Sam, just stop it!
Sam: I won&#39;t stop believing what I know is the truth!
Grace: David, now and forever, is a part of my life.
Sam: Hmm.
Grace: That&#39;s the truth. And you have to stop fighting it.
David: I don&#39;t know how you like your coffee, so I just left it
black. But Grace, obviously, no sugar, a bit of milk, right?
Kay: Miguel, stop it! You&#39;re only going to hurt yourself! It&#39;s not
going to open!
Miguel: Look, I don&#39;t get it! Why did the warlocks grab Tabitha? And
why does Norma want to kill her? What did she do to them?
Reese: I&#39;m telling you, Tabitha is witch!
Simone: Reese!
Reese: She probably did something to the warlocks a long time ago,
something that they&#39;re really ticked about.
Jessica: So what? They&#39;re trying to get back at her?
Reese: Exactly!
Jessica: Then how do you explain Norma?
Simone: Yeah. What, is she a witch, too?
Reese: Ok. I admit I don&#39;t get Norma. She&#39;s a totally different kind
of weirdo.
Charity: Look, guys, the only thing we can do right now is just pray
for Tabitha and hope that she&#39;s going to be ok!
Reese: I don&#39;t know how much good praying does for witches.
Kay: Reese --
Miguel: No, look, what we got to do right now is find shelter before
these trees start coming down on us.
Kay: Yeah, I&#39;m with Miguel on that. Let&#39;s find some cover, ok?
Miguel: Let&#39;s go.
Simone: Let&#39;s go! Let&#39;s go.
[Warlocks laugh]
Timmy: What are they doing to Tabby? What&#39;s going on?
Tabitha: Oh. This is a medieval torture chamber of hell, Tim Tim!
Don&#39;t watch. I don&#39;t want you to see me like this. This is not how I
want you to remember me. Ow! Oh!
Timmy: Timmy will never leave Tabby -- never!
[Warlocks laugh]
Tabitha: Oh! Oh!
[Warlocks laugh]
Tabitha: Oh! Oh, leeches! No!
[Laughter]
Tabitha: No!
Singer: You are my passion for life…
Grace: Sam, please. Let&#39;s be civil.
Sam: Thank you for the coffee, and thank you for getting Grace
through the hurricane.
David: Well, she&#39;s my wife. I&#39;d lay down my life for her.
Sam: I appreciate your help. I would appreciate it even more if you&#39;d
stop calling her your wife --
Grace: Sam --
Sam: Because I don&#39;t care how many tricks you have in your bag or
what you say or what you claim to remember. You&#39;ll never convince me
that you were married to her.
David: I didn&#39;t come here to start an argument.
Sam: I don&#39;t want to argue either, and especially here in the chapel.
But you know and I know Grace has amnesia.
David: Haven&#39;t we already been over this?
Sam: I&#39;m not through going over it.
Grace: Sam --
Sam: The fact that she remembers nothing prior to our meeting means
that you&#39;re free to make up whatever you like --
Grace: Sam --
Sam: As long as Grace believes it.
Grace: He&#39;s not making things up.
Sam: How do you know?
Grace: Because --
Sam: Can you be sure? How do you know he didn&#39;t hire a detective to
find out these things about you?
David: Oh, that&#39;s ridiculous.
Sam: Well, we&#39;re not talking to you!
David: Why would I hire a detective? What is in it for me? Look, I&#39;m
sorry. But whether you like it or not, just as Ivy is a part of your
life, I am a part of Grace.
Sam: Whoa. Hold on a second. Ivy is a very small part of me.
David: Oh, come on. It&#39;s so obvious how important she is to you. You
stayed with her through the hurricane.
Sam: She was at the park, and I asked her to leave.
David: I know, and not once did you come back and check on Grace.
Sam: While I was out on the beach I didn&#39;t know Grace was in danger.

David: But you didn&#39;t know for sure she wasn&#39;t. All I&#39;m trying to say
is that if it were I, I wouldn&#39;t have stayed with Ivy. I would have gone
back and checked on my wife. But something kept you there with Ivy.
Something kept you away.
Rebecca: We are going to settle this right here and now. That maid
said she saw you with a dark-haired woman.
[Maid gasps]
Julian: What in God&#39;s name!
Rebecca: Well, at first, we all thought it was Theresa. But then
Theresa is not the only dark-haired floozy wandering around this hotel.

Julian: This is preposterous. It&#39;s utterly preposterous.
Rebecca: Hmm. We&#39;ll see.
Julian: There&#39;s nothing to see.
Rebecca: Julian, as your fiancée, I have a right to know. And your
reputation is -- need I say more? -- Not exactly spotless. Yes, earlier
you said that you saw Mr. Crane with a dark-haired woman. Who was she?
What did she look like? We need an exact detailed description of her.

Maid: Um -- uh -- -- uh- uh --
Rebecca: Well, who was she? Did you or did you not see her?
Maid: Oh, yes. I saw her. But she was with another man, not Mr. Crane
-- in another room. I&#39;m so sorry. It was my mistake.
Rebecca: I don&#39;t buy it.
Julian: Well, you heard her. It was another man, another room.
Rebecca: So where were you when Luis was breaking down your door?
Julian: I already told you. I was wandering the halls grieving over
poor Sheridan.
Rebecca: Yeah. Grieving over a woman you killed.
Julian: You –
Theresa: If Ethan finds out what I did, you know, before the
annulment, before Ethan and I get married --
Whitney: You won&#39;t have a marriage, Theresa. You&#39;ll have absolutely
nothing.
Theresa: He&#39;s going to hate me for the rest of my life. God, what
have I done, Whitney? What have I done?
Whitney: Come on, come on. It&#39;s ok.
Ethan: Luis. Has Sheridan arrived yet?
Luis: They&#39;re bringing in a dead woman.
Chad: What?
Luis: In a body bag. They say it&#39;s Sheridan. They say she drowned.

Ethan: No.
Luis: She&#39;s dead. Can&#39;t be true.
Kay: Hey, guys! Why don&#39;t we stop under this tree and dry off a
little, catch our breath?
Miguel: No. It&#39;s too tall.
Reese: It&#39;s practically begging to be hit by lightning.
Simone: How about over there?
Miguel: That&#39;s perfect.
Jessica: Yeah, but how are we supposed to get to it?
Miguel: Look, all we have to do is walk across that log. It&#39;ll be ok.

Reese: We better hurry. That dam doesn&#39;t look like it&#39;ll last much
longer.
Miguel: Come on. Follow me.
Miguel: Ok, everybody be careful. It&#39;s really slippery.
Charity: Ok! Go! You go! I&#39;ll come along.
Reese: Man, I&#39;d hate to be here when that dam breaks.
Charity: Look out!
Norma: Out of my way!
Timmy: Norma! Norma!
Norma: Lucky little fellow. I&#39;m not interested in you now. I&#39;m after
Tabitha. I want to kill her before the warlocks do! Agh!
Tabitha: Is that you, Timmy, trying to get through?
Timmy: It&#39;s Norma, princess! Norma&#39;s here!
Tabitha: Oh, no. Not her again. Then I&#39;m dead either way.
Norma: Agh! Agh!
Timmy: Wow! She means business!
Norma: Oh, ho-ho-ho. Ah! Agh! Ah.
Norma: I&#39;m coming to get you, Tabitha! Agh!
Tabitha: No! No!
David: Maybe you don&#39;t want to admit it, but something kept you out
there with Ivy, didn&#39;t it? You weren&#39;t his first allegiance.
Sam: You&#39;ve stepped over the line. You are talking about things that
you know nothing about. So if I were you, I would butt out! This is
between my wife and me. So if you&#39;ve got anything else to add, we can do
it outside.
Grace: Sam, please, don&#39;t make threats.
David: You know, I&#39;ve -- I&#39;ve taken your anger and I&#39;ve endured your
bullying tactics, and I&#39;ve tried to be understanding.
Sam: Oh. You&#39;re a real class act.
David: And yet you still refuse to face the facts. In the eyes of God
and the state, Grace is my wife.
Sam: You son --
Grace: Sam, Sam, please. He&#39;s been quite fair.
Sam: Fair? Is it fair to have a man walk into your life out of the
blue and try to steal your wife? Grace, you are my wife. And I don&#39;t
care what he says. Nobody is going to take you away from me.
Luis: Look, it&#39;s not possible, ok? She&#39;s not dead. She&#39;s not gone.

Theresa: This is awful. This is just awful.
Luis: No --
Ethan: Sir, the woman you found -- what did she look like?
Captain: The description of the woman they pulled from the water fits
the description we have of Sheridan Crane. I -- I&#39;m sorry.
Whitney: Ethan, I&#39;m so sorry.
Ethan: You know, I thought I convinced myself that there&#39;s no way she
could have survived the hurricane. In my head, I tried to accept that
she was gone. But in my heart, I guess I believed in a miracle.
Luis: Yeah, and I still believe in miracles, and I&#39;m not going to
believe she&#39;s dead till I see her body.
Captain: I came to tell you all they&#39;re bringing her body in for
identification.
Sam: Now, do I make myself perfectly clear? No one is going to take
my wife away from me.
David: I&#39;m sorry to see you upset like this, Sam, but I guess it&#39;s to
be expected.
Sam: You better back off.
David: If you think your anger frightens me, you&#39;ve got the wrong
guy. And there&#39;s nothing you can say or do that&#39;s going to scare me
away. I came to Harmony for one reason only -- to get my wife. Now, you
can threaten me all you want, but I&#39;m not leaving Harmony without her.

Julian: Well, what&#39;s going on?
Whitney: They&#39;re bringing Sheridan in a body bag.
Julian: Oh, dear God. I don&#39;t think I can look.
Rebecca: Well, it&#39;s a little late to be squeamish, isn&#39;t it?
Chad: Hey. Steady, man, all right?
Luis: No.
Norma: Agh!
Warlock: Not so fast.
Norma: Huh? What happened, father? Out of my way, pretty boys! I&#39;ve
got work to do.
Warlock: Tabitha belongs to us.
Norma: Oh, I don&#39;t see your name on her.
Warlock: And we&#39;re going to torture her for a while before we finish
her off.
Norma: Wrong! I promised my father, Tabitha would be mine, and I
won&#39;t let him down! I&#39;m going to kill her! A kind, Timmy.
[Warlocks yell]
Tabitha: Clash of the titans, eh, Tim Tim?
Timmy: One for the history books.
[Warlocks yell]
Norma: Ah! Ah!
[Norma screams]
Tabitha: Who do you think&#39;s going to win, Norma or the warlocks?
Timmy: Timmy puts his money on Norma. She&#39;s the craziest lady in any
world.
[Norma screams]
Tabitha: My bet&#39;s on the warlocks. Ooh.
Norma: Ah! Ah!
[Norma laughs and screams]
Charity: Oh, my God! Look out!
[All scream]
Charity: No!
[Charity screams]


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 9/24/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 9/24/01







Luis: Hey. Look, I'm going to clear this whole thing up. I'm going to call
Harmony P.D. I'm going to have them fax Sheridan's fingerprints. They'll track
down her dental records. It's going to prove that that woman they found in the
ocean is not Sheridan.
Ethan: Look, Luis, I know what you're trying to do --
Luis: Look, Ethan, Sheridan is alive. I know it. She's alive and she's out
there somewhere, all right?
Whitney: I still can't believe any of this.
Theresa: You know, maybe Luis is right and that wasn't Sheridan's body.
Whitney: Well, no one could positively I.D. it.
Chad: I mean, the woman's pretty badly smashed up by the coral reef.
Whitney: Such a horrible way to even --
Theresa: The body -- it could have been someone else's, Whitney.
Ethan: And I want to believe that for anything in the world, but, I mean, the
odds of her surviving the boat explosion, the hurricane?
Theresa: Then what we need to do is pray for a miracle. Ok? True love
overcomes all obstacles, Ethan.
Whitney: I hope you're right, Theresa.
Rebecca: I just have this strong feeling that whatever Julian is up to has so
to do with Theresa.
Gwen: What?
Rebecca: Well, I just said that whatever Julian is up to has something to do
with Theresa.
Gwen: Oh, yeah. It's too bad she wasn't the girl in bed with Julian. Had she
been, Ethan would have freaked and Theresa would be mine again.
Rebecca: Hmm. Well, you know, if she wasn't&nbsp;the girl in Julian's room,
involved in some kind of hanky-panky with him. Something is making him balk at
marrying me. But what? What could it be?
Julian: Barkeeper? A marTimmy, very dry.
Bartender: Um -- say again, Mr. Crane.
Julian: You do know how to make them, don't you?
Bartender: Make what, sir?
Julian: MarTimmy, man.
Bartender: Um -- sorry. I never heard of one. What's in it?
Julian: Damned if I know, but I could use a pitcher full of them right now. I
suppose I'll have to settle for a brandy.
Bartender: Oh, yes. Cognac, right?
Julian: Yes, your very best. Thank you.
Bartender: You know, Mr. Crane, I'm sorry to hear about your sister. That's
rough.
Julian: What -- rough? Oh, yeah. Well, we're not altogether sure it is
Sheridan, though I really can't imagine it not being she.
Bartender: Well, the lord giveth and the lord taketh away.
[Julian chuckles]
Julian: Thanks for the hot flash. Speaking of hot flashes --
Bartender: Yes.
Julian: Oh. I wonder -- could there be a way to keep Theresa as my wife and
not get killed by Ethan and Luis?
Timmy: Do something, princess!
Tabitha: I told you, who can help us, and that's Charity! She's the only one
with enough power to save us!
Timmy: But she's not here right now!
Norma: They're mine, father, all mine!
[Norma screams]
Norma: Oh!
Timmy: This is it, princess. Timmy and Tabby are goners!
Charity: Is this possible? Can you really be alive?
[Charity gasps]
Tree: Yes, Charity. I am alive.
Charity: How do you know my name?
Tree: I know many things. I know about your powers and I call upon you to use
them. Save your friends. Only you can do it.
Miguel: You got to keep your heads up!
Reese: Oh! They're swallowing too much water!
Charity: Anything! Anything! Tell me what do to do -- anything!
Jessica: Miguel!

Charity: How do I save my friends? What do I -- what do I do?
Tree: How important are your friends to you?
Charity: They're very important!
Tree: And the boy? Miguel?
Charity: Well, I love Miguel. I love him! He's my -- my whole life. I don't
know what I would do without him.
Tree: Nothing will happen to Miguel if you are willing to use your powers to
save him. But if you don't act quickly, you will lose him. He will drown along
with the others.
Kay: Miguel, where's Simone? Is she drowning?
[Jessica coughs]
Miguel: Stay with Kay!
Jessica: Oh!
Charity: Miguel! Tell me quickly! Tell me quickly what to do!
Tree: Use your powers.
Charity: Powers? I don't have any powers.
Tree: Of course you do. You're Charity Standish.
Charity: I have premonitions and things like that. Often, they come true.
Tree: Of course.
Charity: But not always, and I've never had the power to save anyone or -- or
change anything.
Tree: Well, if you're convinced you don't have any powers, there's really no
point in our continuing this conversation.
Charity: No! No! No! No! No! Please! Please! Tell me! I -- I love Miguel!
He's my whole world! I have to save him, my family, my friends. Just tell me!
Tell me how to use these powers!
Luis: Captain? Captain, excuse me. I just got off the phone with Harmony
P.D., and we're going to have that information on Sheridan any minute now.
Captain: Good. I called in a doctor and he's taking fingerprints and he's
going to do a dental analysis on the body, so as soon as we get the fax from
your police department, when that comes in --
Luis: Right, as soon as that comes in, we're going to be able to compare the
two bodies and we're going to realize that it couldn't possibly be Sheridan.
She's not dead. She's not dead, believe me.
Captain: I sincerely hope so for your sake.
Luis: Listen, Captain, have you ever been in love?
Captain: With my wife, yes, and we're very much in love.
Luis: So you can understand why I have to still believe that Sheridan's
alive. Now, if Sheridan -- if the woman that I love were dead, then -- then I
would feel it inside me, and it would feel like a knife turning inside my gut.

Ethan: You know, it's times like these when I'm thankful to have friends like
you two, you being here with us.
Theresa: Ethan's right. I don't know what we would do without you.
Ethan: Yeah, and you guys are there to help us through anything. It means a
lot.
Theresa: Well, I want to check on Luis.
Ethan: Yeah.
Chad: You know, good friends don't keep secrets from each other, Whitney.
Whitney: Chad, we've already --
Chad: Well, you told me that Theresa's keeping some huge secret from Ethan,
and you still won't tell me what it is.
Whitney: That's exactly right because I know that --
Chad: Because then I would go and tell Ethan and it would devastate him.
Whitney: That's right. You're just going to have to trust me, that's all.
Chad: Well, why won't you trust me?
Whitney: I do trust you, Chad. But it isn't about me trusting you. It's about
my friendship with my best friend, Theresa.
Chad: And there's no chance that you're wrong, that maybe Ethan won't get
hurt if he finds out what this is all about?
Rebecca: Keep your eye on Theresa.
Gwen: Yeah, don't worry. I'm watching every move that one makes.
Rebecca: I'm going to go track down Julian, find out why he's getting cold
feet about marrying me. Something is going on and I'm going to find out exactly
what it is. I am not going to let Julian Crane slip away from me.
Gwen: Bye.
Julian: Nectar, sweet nectar.
Bartender: Well, drink up, Mr. Crane. Oh, I know I'd be three sheets to the
wind if my sister had died in an explosion.
Rebecca: You are the one who arranged for the bomb to explode. So how dare
you play the victim.
Julian: I never wanted any of this... terrible shock, yes, terrible.
Bartender: Well, I don't mean to intrude on your grief, sir. It's just that I
know that your divorce became final while you were here.
Julian: Yes, it has been an eventful few days.
Bartender: Well, I really hope you have someone in your life that can help
you through this difficult time, sir.
Julian: I definitely have someone in my life. The question is, how do I keep
her? The bigger question is, if I do, how do I keep from being dead?
Whitney: I'm not wrong about this, Chad.
Chad: So you're saying that Ethan would freak?
Whitney: If Ethan were ever to find out what Theresa had done, he would be
completely crushed. Their whole relationship would be over.
Chad: It's that bad?
Whitney: It's as bad as anything that you could possibly imagine. You're just
going to have to believe me.
Chad: Well, Whitney, I just hate seeing you so upset about this. I mean,
maybe if you didn't keep all that inside, you know, maybe if you just talked it
out with somebody --
Whitney: No, Chad, I can't!
Chad: Whitney, just let me help you!
Whitney: You can't help me. You're Ethan's best friend. You're going to feel
obligated to tell him the truth.
Chad: Yes. Yes, I would. And it sounds to me like he might need a friend real
soon. But you're the one I got feelings for, Whitney, and I just hate seeing you
go through all this by yourself. So tell me what I can do.
Ethan: Wait, that's it. I just remembered the name of Sheridan's dentist.
It's Dr. Malloy on Founder's Place.
Captain: I'll put the call through immediately.
Luis: Ethan, that's great. Now that we don't have to waste time tracking
people down, Sheridan's records can be faxed to us in a matter of minutes. We're
going to have proof she's alive.
Ethan: Look, Luis, I want to believe that more than anything, I really do,
but we still have to face the possibility --
Luis: Ethan, listen to me, the only thing that we have to face is that
Sheridan's coming back to us.
Theresa: Luis is right, Ethan.
Luis: Look, it's bad enough that I got to listen to Rebecca Hotchkiss saying
that woman we found is Sheridan and we got to get her in the ground. Now,
listen, are you saying that?
Ethan: No, I didn't say that!
Luis: Well, I don't even want you thinking it, all right? Don't even think
it.
Kay: Thank God you guys are ok! I was so scared! Miguel!
Jessica: He never came up!
Kay: Oh! No, Miguel!
Jessica: No, Kay! Kay! Kay!
Kay: Miguel!
Jessica: No!
Kay: Miguel!
Charity: Tell me what to do!
Tree: Use the powers you were born with, the powers you inherited from your
mother.
Charity: My Mom? My Mom didn't have any --
Tree: You couldn't be more wrong, Charity. She had powers and she used them.
Unfortunately, hers weren't strong enough, unlike yours, which have the potency
to save people's lives.
Charity: But I don't -- I don't feel like I have any powers! Where are they?

Tree: Deep. Deep inside you. You must summon them.
Charity: How, if I’ve never used them, if I don't know where they are?
Tree: I didn't say it would be easy. Saving lives is never easy, but it is
within your power to do it. But it won't happen merely because you wish it.
Charity: Well, how do I save them?
Tree: First, you must concentrate, hard. Look deep inside yourself.
Charity: That's all?
Tree: You must also be willing to pay a terrible price.
Charity: Look, anything. I already told you that. Whatever you want, just
tell me what!
Tree: If you ask something of nature, you must give back to nature.
Charity: All right, what?
Tree: Miguel. You must give him up. That's the price you must pay.
Norma: Yes, you are, you little twerp! Oh, you made a big mistake not dumping
this old bag before you got yourself in this predicament.
Timmy: Wait a second! Tabby may be a lot of things, but she's not an old bag!

Tabitha: Oh. You're a too gallant, Tim Tim.
Norma: Oh, yes. And soon he'll be a truly dead fool!
Tabitha: &quot;Old bag,&quot; indeed. I may have been around a long time and I’ve seen
and done a lot of things, but I’ve always stayed fit, watched my diet, and kept
well groomed.
Norma: Who cares? By the time I get finished chopping you up, no one will
want to look at you anyway.
Timmy: Chopping?
Norma: Into little pieces.
Norma: Ah!
Tabitha: Oh!
Norma: Ah!
Tabitha: Run like the wind, Timmy!
Norma: Oh, no, you don't!
Timmy: Help! Ow! Oh! Oh, oh!
Tabitha: Oh, come on, Timmy, come on. Come on. Let's go this way.
Timmy: Ow.
Tabitha: Hide, hide.
Timmy: Oh, oh, ow!
Tabitha: Over here. Oh.
Timmy: Ow.
Norma: Oh, clever move! Very smooth. Yes. Now you'll save your miserable
hides.
Timmy: What are Timmy and Tabby going to do?
Norma: Nothing! That's what. If you two think you're getting out of here
alive, forget it! That's just a momentary glitch. Aah! Damn it! Oh, oh. I -- I'm
sorry, father. I didn't mean to curse. [As father] you know I don't like foul
language! [Normal voice] oh, I -- I promise I won't swear again. Chop off their
heads; I'll be myself again -- a normal, happy little girl.
Timmy: Oh. What Timmy would give to be home right now with a pitcher of
marTimmys by his side and his feet up, oh.
Tabitha: Oh. That's the top of my wish list, too. Unfortunately, I'm afraid
it's the last wish list I might ever have. I hate to be gloom and doom, Tim Tim,
but I think we may have had our last marTimmys.
Charity: No, I -- I can't give up Miguel. I --
Tree: Do you want to save the others or not?
Charity: Well, of course I do!
Tree: Then you must choose.
Kay: Miguel!
[Kay cries]
Jessica: Oh, thank God!
Reese: You had us worried, buddy.
Miguel: Simone! You ok?
Simone: Yes, alive. But I'm scared!
Miguel: Look, we all are. Look, we're going to get out of this. There's got
to be a way.
Kay: Miguel, you're bleeding! What happened?
Miguel: I hit my head on a rock. But I'm ok.
Jessica: Kay! Kay!
Kay: You're not fine. Miguel, hold on to me! I can save you!
Charity: All right, all right! I'll do it!
Tree: A very wise and generous decision.
Charity: It'll kill me to give up Miguel. He's my whole world. But at least
he'll be alive, and all I care about is saving him.
Tree: You're a very special person, Charity.
Charity: Just tell me what to do! Tell me how to use the powers!
Tree: You must summon them.
Charity: How?
Tree: Close your eyes and concentrate on the storm.
Charity: What good will that do?
Tree: Just do as I say. Use your powers to stop the hurricane. Go inside
yourself, deep, deep. Look down inside. Concentrate with all your might.
Charity: All right, all right, I'll do it. Nothing's happening!
Tree: Because you're not trying.
Charity: I am trying! I'm trying as hard as I can! It's not working! It's not
working! I'm going to fail them! Miguel will die!
Ethan: Look, I would never even suggest that we bury the body before we have
proof. You know, I just think we should prepare for the worst.
Theresa: I -- I hate to say it, but I agree, Luis. I love you. And I don't
want you to be hurt when the fax comes there's a match.
Luis: You really believe that?
Theresa: I don't want to. I've always believed that love conquers all, but --
but this? Luis, I mean, the odds of Sheridan surviving, it --
Ethan: It'd have to be a miracle. You must know that.
Whitney: You know, you're right. I mean, it isn't easy keeping Theresa's
secret. But, you know, that's just what friends are for -- to help and protect
each other when the other is in trouble.
Chad: And Theresa is?
Whitney: Yeah, so, I have to do whatever it takes to help her get through
this.
Chad: Well, then I figure nobody can ever find out about Theresa's secret.

Whitney: Oh. I wish I could just be sure of that. And I know Rebecca and Gwen
would like nothing more than to split up Theresa and Ethan.
Rebecca: Well, I have been looking all over for you, just never dreaming
you'd be here in the bar. Huh -- but here you are.
Julian: Is that a note of sarcasm I detect in your voice?
Rebecca: Hmm. We have something to discuss, Julian.
Julian: And that would be?
Rebecca: Our wedding. You see, now that your divorce from Ivy is final,
you're free to marry me. But you seem hesitant.
Julian: Well, not in the least. It just -- until the body's positively
identified, there's no possible way that we can marry.
Rebecca: You're avoiding, Julian.
Julian: I'm simply stating facts. If the body is Sheridan, I will have to
make funeral arrangements.
Rebecca: Well, of course it's Sheridan. And the dental records and the
fingerprints will prove it. So once we give her a quick funeral, we can get
married right away.
Julian: On the heels of a burial? Isn't that just really far too insensitive?

Rebecca: Insensitive?
Julian: All right, just keep your voice down.
Rebecca: Excuse me, but you are the one who killed her.
Julian: Hmm --
Rebecca: So why this charade of mourning her?
Julian: It's not -- she was my -- my sister.
Rebecca: Yeah, and you wanted her dead.
Julian: No. Father.
Rebecca: Julian, here's a news flash -- if you don't marry me, you are going
to be one sorry son of a Crane.
Singer: You are my passion for life…
Kay: Miguel, I can't stay up anymore!
Miguel: Yes, you can! Yes, you can!
Kay: No, I can't!
Miguel: No! Kay!
Simone: Norma!
Reese: Simone! Simone!
Miguel: Hold on, Kay!
Kay: We're all going to die!
Charity: I can't! They'll all die!
Tree: Because you don't truly believe in your powers.
Charity: But I want to.
Tree: You must believe with every fiber of your being that you can stop the
hurricane, stop the raging waters. It's the only way to save Miguel and the
others. But time is running out.
Charity: Ok, ok, I'll do it! I can't.
Tree: Yes, you can. You must. Try again, harder.
[Charity sighs]
Charity: Hear me, mighty winds and rain! Leave us! Spare my friends. Help
them swim to safety!
Tree: You did it, Charity.
Charity: Yes.
Tree: You used your power to save them. Nature has given to you. Now you must
give back to nature. You must pay the great price.
Luis: Why are you two being so negative?
Theresa: We're not, Luis.
Ethan: Look, all we're saying is --
Luis: I know what you're saying, and I don't accept it.
Theresa: Luis --
Luis: Telling me to prepare for the worst? To hell with that. There is no
worst. Sheridan is not dead.
Chad: Hey, everything ok in here?
Whitney: Theresa?
Luis: I suppose you two agree with them?
Chad: About what?
Luis: That was Sheridan's body.
Chad: Well, like we said before, man, it was pretty hard to tell. I mean, the
body was in pretty bad shape. Considering the odds --
Luis: You know, I'm sick of hearing about the odds, all right?
Chad: Look, I only meant that --
Luis: You know, when it comes to love, the odds are in Sheridan's and my
favor. There's nothing that can separate us.
Gwen: Listen, I know what you're going through, and I feel the same way. I
don't want that to be Sheridan's body either. Maybe this is all just a big
mistake, you know, like when she was buried alive.
Ethan: Yeah, only that was staged by the F.B.I. This is real. The hurricane,
the explosion -- it all happened.
Luis: Right. Only the FBI's plan backfired. Ethan, Sheridan could have died.
But she didn't. What I'm saying is that she didn't give up. She was strong. She
is strong. She came back to me then. She's going to come back to me now.
Theresa, you tell me, if something happened to separate you and Ethan, now,
wouldn't you fight like hell to get back with him?
Rebecca: Well, I'm sorry it sounded like -- well, like a threat. I was just
stating a fact. You see, a wife cannot testify against her husband, yes?
Julian: Yes.
Rebecca: Yes, so, see, if -- well, if Luis should investigate Sheridan's
death and if Luis were to find out that you arranged for a bomb to be on the
boat and let's say you were arrested and then you went on trial, well, what
wouldn't I have to do then, Pookie?
Julian: You really want me to guess?
Rebecca: I wouldn't have to tell them that you murdered your sister.
Julian: Ah.
Rebecca: You see, no one would ever have to know if we were wed.
Julian: So, let me get this straight.
Rebecca: Oh, oh, you haven't grasped it yet?
Julian: You'll go to the police; you'll tell Luis what you know if I don't
marry you? Hmm?
Rebecca: Well, let's stop speaking hypothetically, shall we? You see, you
will marry me. It's as simple as that. Now, I have to go take care of some
things. We can chat about this later. Oh -- maybe we'll even have some fun.
Ciao.
Luis: And I know you. And I know that you would never let anything stand
between you and the man you love.
Theresa: Nothing could ever keep me from being with Ethan, no matter what.
You know, if I had been on that boat when it exploded, if I had to battle the
hurricane, I would have found a way to stay alive to get back to Ethan.
Ethan: You don't have to worry about that. Nothing will ever separate us.
Your sister's got it right. Sheridan loves you so much. She would have kept
herself alive so she could see you again.
Luis: That's right. I never thought otherwise.
Ethan: Right, you know, and maybe some day soon we'll all be standing at the
altar once again, the four of us, getting married.
Luis: I would like that.
Julian: Um -- did the fax come in yet?
Ethan: No, not yet.
Julian: Oh, dear. I suppose we'll have to start making funeral arrangements.

Luis: There is going to be no funeral. You hear me? Now, we're going to start
searching for Sheridan and we are going to find her.
Ethan: Hey, Luis, come on. Let it go.
Chad: Just take it easy, man, ok? Hey, dude.
Theresa: What am I going to do, Whitney?
Whitney: Well, what do you mean, what are you going to do, Theresa? You're
going to do nothing.
Theresa: But if Ethan finds out that I married Julian that I slept with him
-- the man that he grew up thinking was his father -- he is going to hate me
forever.
Whitney: True, Theresa. Ethan will hate you. But he'll also kill Julian and
end up spending the rest of his life in prison.
Theresa: No, I can't let that happen.
Whitney: Listen to me, Theresa. You only have one chance to get out of this,
and that depends on Julian getting that annulment. You just have to make sure
that he files for one.
Theresa: Yes. Yes, I will, Whitney.
Tree: You should be very proud of yourself, Charity. You stopped the storm,
saved Miguel and your friends.
Charity: How did I do that?
Tree: It took great concentration on your part. You looked deep inside your
soul and found your powers. I knew you had it in you.
Charity: Thank God they're alive.
[Coughing]
Reese: Did that really just happen? Did the storm suddenly just stop?
Simone: I'm not sure what happened.
Reese: Well, I thought we were goners for sure.
Jessica: Yeah. Same here.
Kay: But how did it just --
Miguel: The wind -- it just -- it just died.
Simone: And the waves.
Reese: The hurricane just shut down, right when we were about to drown.
Jessica: Like I said, it's a miracle.
Reese: It's downright weird.
Miguel: Come on. We've got to get moving. Look, Charity's probably wondering
where we are. We better start looking for her.
Charity: Thank you. Thank you for helping me save my friends.
Tree: It was the very least I could do.
Charity: My friends and I -- we -- we owe you.
Tree: Yes, you do. You struck a bargain with nature. Nature agreed to save
the boy you love and his friends only if you agreed to give him up.
Charity: I -- I --
Tree: Nature gave to you. Now you must give back to her. You will hold up
your end of the bargain and let Miguel go.
Charity: Honestly, I am so very grateful to you, but nature cannot possibly
be this cruel to take Miguel away from me.
Tree: You're wrong, Charity. You can't break a deal with nature. You will
live your life without Miguel.
Charity: But -- but I -- I can't. I can't.
Tree: You may regret your decision, but there's no going back now.
Charity: Well -- if that's the way that it has to be, then -- then so be it.
I'll -- I'll never regret saving their lives. I'll miss Miguel every day for the
rest of my life. But knowing he's alive will make up for it.
Timmy: Is this the end, Princess? What you did for him earlier, offering your
life to the warlocks so that Timmy could go free, it was the kindest, most
noblest gesture Timmy could ever imagine. Tabitha's not like other witches.
Witches don't have any goodness in them. But you do, Princess. You're the
kindest, most sweetest witch Timmy ever knew.
Tabitha: Mm-mm-hmm. I'm the only witch you know.
Timmy: Timmy's trying to have a moment here!
Tabitha: I thank you for your kind words. They've warmed my heart. But don't
let it get around. The thing about me doing something nice -- well, I don't want
to ruin my rep or give me a bad name among witches, now, do we?
Timmy: Tabby's got it.
Tabitha: Mm-hmm. We're two of a kind. They'll never understand our
relationship.
Tabitha: Will you look over there?
Norma: Come loose, you no good hunk of steel! Come loose! Argh!
Tabitha: Here's our chance to make a run for it...
Tabitha: Come on, Timmy. Let's go.
Norma: Uh -- gotcha!
Timmy: No!
Norma: Oh! Oh!
Tabitha: Oh! We're free!
Timmy: Timmy and Tabby did it!
Tabitha: Norma without her axe is nothing! She can't kill us!
Norma: Ugh. Ugh. Ho-ho-ho. Ha! Ah! Aah!
[Norma laughs]
Norma: Yes. Oh.
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy. Now that we've left Norma and the warlocks eating our
dust, I think maybe we will live to have another pitcher of marTimmys.
Timmy: Yes!
Miguel: Charity! You all right? What happened to her?
Kay: I don't know. She just fainted.
Miguel: Charity, can you hear me?
Charity: Hmm. Miguel.
Miguel: I'm right here.
Charity: Oh. Oh, Miguel. You're alive. I love you. Oh.
Jessica: It's a miracle that we're here at all. If the storm hadn't just
suddenly stopped, we'd all be dead right now.
Miguel: Charity, what happened to you? Why'd you faint?
Charity: I don't know. I don't know.
Miguel: Do you remember anything?
Charity: I -- I remember -- being afraid, afraid that you guys were going to
drown, and then -- and then I fainted.
Theresa: We need to talk.
Julian: This really is not the best time.
Theresa: The annulment -- when will it come through?
Julian: I told you. These things -- they take time, but not to worry. I'm
working on it. You have my word.
[Theresa gasps]
Julian: Dear God.
Gwen: Mother, what are you doing?
Luis: What kind of monster are you?
Rebecca: Pookie, let's get married right away. I mean, why waste any time?

Julian: Rebecca.
Rebecca: You know, I was so certain that that was Sheridan's body, but I
think I’ve changed my mind. So why not let our wedding be a reaffirmation that
Sheridan is still alive? I mean, there's no reason to actually think she isn't
alive, is there, Julian?
Captain: Mr. Lopez Fitzgerald, I just received a fax from Harmony P.D.
Luis: This is it! This is going to prove that Sheridan's still alive.


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 9/25/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 9/25/01







Tabitha: I can't believe it, Timmy. We escaped those vengeful warlocks, and
that nut case Norma.
Timmy: Timmy wasn't sure he and his princess would make it out of that cave
alive, but boy, is he glad they did.
Tabitha: She can't harm us now. Norma did to the warlocks what she did to our
friends in the basement -- sent them running for their unnatural lives! Hoo-hoo!
Norma can't hurt us now, not with her ax stuck in that rock. Hoo-hoo! We're free
of that hallucinating freak, Timmy!
Timmy: Timmy and Tabby showed Norma and her numbskull father.
[Tabitha laughs]
Norma: Don't worry, father, your little buttercup won't fail you. Timmy and
Tabitha think they've gotten away, but all they've gotten is a stay of
execution. I'm going to find them and give them the ax!
[Norma laughs]
Miguel: Charity, what happened to you? Why'd you faint?
Charity: I don't know.
Miguel: Do you remember anything?
Charity: Yeah, I remember being afraid. I was really, really afraid that you
guys were going to drown, and then the next thing that I knew, I fainted.
Kay: You sure you don't remember anything else, Charity?
Charity: Well, yes, actually, I do remember something else, but it doesn't
make any sense. I remember this tree telling me to do things.
Miguel: This tree was talking to you? What did it tell you?
Charity: It said I had the power to stop the storm and save your lives.
Jessica: Well, the storm did stop all of a sudden.
Miguel: Was it because of you, Charity?
David: Thought I would bring you some tea. You're still upset, aren't you,
about what I said about Sam's marriage with you. I'm sorry to be blunt, but
someone has to give you a reality check. Ever since I've been here, I've yet to
see this so-called perfect marriage that everyone says you and Sam have. All
I've seen is a man whose love is divided between two women -- you and Ivy Crane.

Grace: No.
David: Grace, you deserve better than that. You deserve complete and total
commitment. I've loved you for over 20 years, even when I'd lost you, and I will
keep on loving you for the rest of my life. You're the only woman in my heart,
Grace. And I'm sorry to say the same can't be said for Sam. Look, as much as you
deny it and try and say it isn't so, deep down inside, you know the truth -- Ivy
Crane will always be between you and Sam as long as she lives.
Grace: No, she won't.
Eve: Ivy's heartbeat is still weak. If she continues on like this, she won't
pull through.
Sam: But I've been talking to her, Eve, letting her know I'm here.
Eve: I thought it would help Ivy really, but maybe she needs something more.

Sam: Like what?
Pilar: Eve? How's she doing?
Eve: It's not good, Pilar. Besides the injury to her spine from the fall,
she's weak. She's dangerously weak.
Ivy: Oh. Sam.
Sam: That's right. I've been here since you came out of surgery. You're going
to be ok.
Ivy: I don't think so, Sam. I -- I don't think I'm going to live.
Sam: You can't die, Ivy. You have to live.
Ivy: What for, Sam? What do I have to live for? I'm alone. Just I'm -- I'm
all alone.
Captain: The resort's doctor is waiting to compare Ms. Crane's fingerprints
and dental records with the body we've recovered, so once he's made his
examination, we should know for certain if it is your fiancée.
Luis: Well, I'm telling you it's not Sheridan. It can't be.
Captain: I hope not, for your sake.
Luis: Doctor can take as long as he wants. There's -- there's no way that
Sheridan's dental records and fingerprints are going to match the body that they
found at sea. Sheridan's still alive. I would feel it if she weren't.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive, you
are my passion for life…
Simone: Is it possible that Charity really did stop the storm?
Miguel: Look, what exactly did the tree tell you to do?
Kay: Miguel, &quot;the wizard of oz,&quot; ok? Trees don't just come to life and talk
to people, much less give them orders.
Jessica: Kay, so far we have seen warlocks in a cave demons in Charity's
closet. At this point, there's nothing I won't believe.
Miguel: And I believe Charity, ok? If she says this tree came to life and
started talking to her, then it did.
Reese: Well, it doesn't appear to be animated right now. To take credit for
stopping the hurricane by talking to a tree? Give me a break.
Charity: Miguel, I -- I don't remember what I did to stop the storm, but I do
remember this tree telling me I had the power to do it.
Reese: Well, I used to be skeptical of supernatural phenomena, but not
anymore. Charity had to have done something to stop that storm because there is
no scientific explanation why a hurricane of that magnitude would end so
abruptly.
Tabitha: You hear that, Timmy? The blond menace stopped the storm with her
powers. This is not good news, not good news at all.
Timmy: But Charity saved Timmy and Tabby's lives.
Tabitha: Be that as it may, miss angel food is becoming aware that she has
supernatural powers. Now, she may not understand them yet and her powers may not
be as strong as they eventually will be, but nevertheless, the brat has started
to use them. And Charity's powers have -- have but one purpose -- to destroy all
evil -- and you and I are evil with a capital E.
Timmy: Tabby might speak for herself, but Timmy's good.
Tabitha: Sorry to heave your halo, kiddo, but you are of your association
with me.
T.C.: Simone.
Simone: Daddy, Daddy!
Jessica: Uncle Hank!
T.C.: Thank God you guys are all ok.
Hank: We were coming to get you when the storm first hit, but it knocked down
the navigation beacon in Harmony. The second your father fixed it, we were on
our way.
Miguel: Thanks for coming for us. I mean, for a while there, we didn't think
we were going to make it.
T.C.: It's a miracle the way this storm stopped all of a sudden.
Kay: Actually, Charity stopped the storm.
T.C.: What?
Kay: Mm-hmm.
Miguel: I know it sounds unbelievable, but a lot of unbelievable things have
happened since we got here on Warlock Island.
Timmy: That's putting it mildly.
Tabitha: If Charity's starting to use her powers, what's unbelievable to them
will be unbearable to us.
Chad: Hey, we all got to stay positive.
Whitney: Chad's right.
Theresa: Absolutely.
Ethan: Yeah. You know, I mean, maybe I was wrong. You know, maybe Sheridan
survived the explosion and the hurricane after all. I have to believe that when
two people love each other as much as you and Sheridan do, nothing can pull you
apart. It's like Theresa and me. Nothing can come between us. I'm going to start
thinking positively. Sheridan is going to be ok, and the four of us are going to
have our double wedding just as we planned. It'll be the first and only marriage
we all have.
Theresa: Oh. Ooh!
Rebecca: As soon as possible.
Julian: What is that supposed to mean?
Rebecca: Look, I'm just reminding you that a wife cannot testify against her
husband. So either you put a ring on my finger tonight or I'll arrange to have
handcuffs put on your wrists. And not the fun kind, either.
Sam: Eve, there's got to be something we can do to keep Ivy from dying.
Eve: Medically, we've done everything we can, Sam. She's lost the will to
live.
Ivy: Sam?
Sam: Yeah?
Ivy: You know, Sam, I have been such a fool. My marriage, it's just -- it's a
business arrangement. I heard Julian tell Alistair he doesn't love me.
Sam: Ivy, don't talk.
Ivy: Oh, he tricked us, Sam. He just tricked both of us. Just hold me,
please, hold me. You're the one I love. I don't want to go back to -- to Julian.
I want us to be together, just the two of us, the way we planned, forever.
Pilar: Oh, Eve. Poor Ivy. She thinks she's in her past, on her wedding night
to Julian, when she came to you, Sam. That night was a turning point in her
life. She has never been truly happy since.
Ivy: Sam? We're going to have a baby. A son. I'd like to name him Ethan, if
it's ok with you. Oh. Thank you, Sam. You've made me so happy. You and Ethan.

Eve: Ivy's imagining her life the way she wanted it to be. As if she had
never gone back to Julian and stayed with you, Sam. Look. Look, Ivy's heartbeat
is getting stronger. Believing that you're together is starting to bring Ivy
back.
Grace: No, David, you are wrong. Ivy is not going to come between Sam and me.
His relationship with her is over. I'm the only woman that he loves.
David: I don't think so.
Grace: Well, then let's just agree to disagree, all right?
David: Grace, relationship. He still cares for her, Grace. Sam still has
feelings for his first love.
Ivy: Sam.
Sam: Right here, Ivy.
Eve: She can't hear you, Sam. Ivy thinks that she's back in the past -- not
in the real past, but the past the way she wanted it to be. That's what's giving
her a will to live.
Pilar: Then she will continue to get stronger.
Eve: No, Pilar. Sam being close to Ivy is not enough. She needs to feel that
the two of them are a couple, that she has something to live for.
Sam: What are you saying, Eve?
Eve: Sam, I'm saying that you could help to save Ivy's life. She needs to
feel that the two of you are together as a couple. Tell her what it's like to be
married to her, what it's like to raise Ethan as a family. You need to describe
your life with Ivy as it would have been if she hadn't gone back to Julian. Make
her feel that her fondest wish has come true, Sam. Tell her how happy she makes
you and tell her how much you love her.
Gwen: Mother, how could you wear a wedding dress and a white one, no less.
Why are you expecting to marry Julian when that body they found could be
Sheridan's. She was my best friend.
Rebecca: Well, don't get all in a lather, Gwen. I know exactly what I'm
doing.
Gwen: You're making a spectacle of yourself.
Rebecca: Well, drastic measures were called for. Look, something happened
down here and I just don't know what it is yet. But I'm not going to let Julian
weasel out of marrying me. No. Uh-uh. No, I have plotted, I have schemed, I have
bent over backwards, literally, to become Mrs. Crane and to insure that you get
Ethan back once Julian adopts him.
Gwen: Yeah, but this, mother -- I mean, this is tawdry, even for you.
Rebecca: Look, I do not care if I have to marry Julian over the coffin in the
middle of the funeral. I'm going to give Alistair one remaining heir.
Theresa: We need to talk.
Julian: Good communication is essential between a wife and a husband.
Consider my lips at your service.
Theresa: Look, just stop that, ok? Our marriage was an accident and so was
our wedding night. We were too drunk to know what we were doing.
Julian: Not you, me dear. You were one hot chili pepper.
Theresa: You know, I thought that I was making love to Ethan. That is beside
the point now. Anyway, look, you can't marry Rebecca. You'll have the same
justice of the peace as we did, and he will tell Rebecca about our wedding, and
then she will tell Ethan and Luis and they will kill you. And I'll lose Ethan
forever because he and Luis will be in prison.
Julian: Well, we wouldn't want that -- my getting killed -- would we?
Theresa: I thought that you were getting the annulment.
Julian: Well, I planned to, but this hurricane --
Theresa: Just get the annulment or I will tell Ethan the truth.
Julian: Dear, let's not be rash, all right? I'll, uh -- I'll –
Luis: Hey. Well?
Captain: The doctor has finished examining the body.
Luis: Yeah?
Doctor: The results were conclusive.
Hank: A large, strange woman with an ax, warlocks in a cave, you-all nearly
drowning when the dam broke. I can't believe what you guys have been through.

T.C.: You know, that's right up there with the prom boat disaster, the
mineshaft, and hell fire in Charity's closet.
Reese: I agree with you, Coach Russell. And I have a theory on why all this
crazy stuff keeps happening.
Miguel: Hey, not now, Reese.
Reese: Ok. But one thing I can't explain is Charity's memory of that tree
talking to her, telling her that she had the power to stop that storm. As I was
telling my peers earlier, there was no scientific reason for a hurricane to stop
that quickly. Something else was going on.
T.C.: Charity, do you remember anything else?
Charity: Only that if I saved my friends from the storm, it would cost me
something and I don't remember what.
Timmy: What can it be, princess? What price can Charity pay for saving her
friends?
Tabitha: I don't know, but it must be dear to her heart.
Timmy and Tabitha: Miguel!
Miguel: I just heard somebody say my name.
Tabitha: Oh, it -- it was me, Miguel. Oh, I'm so glad I found you, my lost
lambs.
Kay: Tabitha, are you all right?
Simone: We thought the warlocks got you.
Tabitha: I'm still here, aren't I?
Timmy's voice: Barely.
Jessica: Tabitha got us out of the cave and then she sacrificed herself to
save us.
Tabitha: Oh, well, what are chaperones for, dear?
Reese: You know, I still wonder why those warlocks are so interested in you,
Tabitha. Maybe you are a witch like Charity said.
Charity: I apologized for that.
Jessica: Oh, stop it, Reese. Look, just leave Tabitha alone. You know? She's
been through enough without you harping on her for being a witch again.
Simone: Got that right. Not only did Tabitha escape the warlocks, that crazy
Norma woman was trying to kill her too, Daddy.
T.C.: What?
Simone: Yeah.
Tabitha: Oh, who could understand the mind of that psycho?
Kay: I wonder what happened to her, anyway.
Reese: Yeah, where is Norma?
Norma: I'm back!
Sam: Eve, now, I want to help Ivy, but I can't pretend that we have a life
together or talk about loving her. I love Grace.
Pilar: Sam, I know this is hard for you, but you heard Eve. Ivy is dying and
she needs a reason to live, and that reason is you.
Sam: What are you asking?
Eve: Sam, as a friend, I couldn't even ask you to do this because I know how
much pain saying these things and going back to that time will bring you, but as
a doctor I have to ask you to do it. It is the one thing that can bring back
Ivy's will to live, that could give her strength to overcome her injuries.
Sam: Are you sure there's no other way?
Eve: If you don't do this, I'm afraid Ivy will die.
Luis: You said the results were conclusive.
Doctor: Correct.
Ethan: So what were they?
Luis: That's not Sheridan, right? It can't be.
Doctor: I'm sorry, but the fingerprints and dental records matched.
Luis: What?
Ethan: No.
Luis: That can't be.
Doctor: The woman pulled from the sea is Sheridan Crane.
Singer: You are my passion for life…
Captain: I'm so very sorry. I know how difficult this must be.
Luis: No. You see, the doctor made a mistake. Because the woman's body they
found, that can't be Sheridan. Sheridan's not dead.
Ethan: Luis, don't do this. We all have to face the truth -- she's gone.
Luis: No, damn it, Sheridan is not dead! You felt rushed. You were under
pressure and you didn't have as much time to be as thorough as you wanted to be,
yes?
Doctor: The opposite. I knew what was at stake for you and the others, so I
was extremely careful.
Luis: Well, you weren't careful enough! That woman is not Sheridan.
Doctor: I'm sorry, but the results were conclusive.
Luis: Well, I'm a trained police officer. And I'm going to take the reports
that came from Harmony and I'm going to compare them to the reports you made.
Sheridan's not dead. No, she can't be.
Hank: You all are sure that the warlocks are real?
Reese: It is called Warlock Island.
Miguel: And we saw the warlocks up close and personal.
T.C.: So what happened to them?
Tabitha: Only that ax-wielding wacko Norma knows for sure.
Jessica: Well, how so?
Tabitha: Well, it's just like Miguel said -- that lumbering lunatic came
after me, determined to hack me and my Timmy doll into oblivion. Only the
warlocks didn't want her butting in, and so they took her on. I don't know. I
was too busy fleeing for my life by then. But the last thing I saw was that
crazy freak doing battle with the warlocks.
Reese: Well, I see, somehow your little alleged Timmy doll managed to make it
out, too.
Tabitha: Ross, you know that I take Timmy doll everywhere I go, and I
certainly wouldn't leave him in that cave to mold.
Reese: Yeah, right.
T.C.: All right. Ok. Warlocks and a would-be ax murderer? Come on, guys, this
is very hard for me to believe. Well, at least the storm has shut down and we
can get everybody back home.
Hank: Sam can send Harmony's finest to come pick up this -- this Norma
person.
Miguel: Look, I just want to get Charity back and have Simone's mom take a
look at her.
T.C.: All right, let's go. The boat's this way.
Norma: Nobody's going anywhere!
Sam: I can't let Ivy die. I'll do what I can to save her, even if it means
pretending we have a life together.
Pilar: Sam, thank you. I know this will be difficult for you, but you're
doing a wonderful thing.
Eve: I thank you, too, Sam. I think hearing you tell Ivy about the life that
she dreamed of is going to bring her back. We'll leave you alone.
Ivy: Sam?
Sam: Yes. Right here.
Sam: And I'm never going to leave you, Ivy. Our life means everything to me.

Ivy: Really, Sam?
Sam: Yes. And I'm so glad that you never went back to Julian that we got
married and raised Ethan together. We've had a wonderful life filled with
happiness and love.
Sam: Remember when - we were younger? All the dreams we had about our future?

Ivy: Hmm. I remember.
Sam: Well, they've all come true.
Ivy: Yes, my love. All our dreams have come true.
David: Excuse me. Has anyone, by any chance, seen Grace?
Eve: No, we haven't.
Pilar: Something wrong?
David: I said a few things that upset her. I just wanted to make sure she was
ok.
Eve: Grace will never be ok as long as you're in Harmony. So if you love her
as much as you claim to, why don't you just leave? Let her get back to her life
and her family. She has a loving husband, wonderful children. Please don't take
that away from her.
Pilar: Eve's right. Even if you and Grace were married in the past, that's a
past she doesn't remember. Her life is with Sam and their children now, not you.

David: Do you honestly think that my leaving Harmony would fix things? I
don't. Even if I was out of the picture, I would still be a presence in the
lives of Sam and Grace, just like Ivy Crane.
Sam: Remember the wedding you wanted us to have on the beach at sunset? The
rocks strewn with jasmine, a tape of &quot;just the way you are&quot; playing as we took
our vows? Well, it turned out just the way you dreamed it would be, only more
beautiful than you imagined.
Ivy: I remember our wedding, Sam. It was so perfect. Oh, we've been so happy
-- you and me and Ethan.
Sam: You've been the best wife and mother any man could ask for. You're still
as beautiful as the day I first laid my eyes on you and I saved you from
drowning. Do you remember? I told you to hang on, fight to live, and you did.
Ivy, don't give up. Fight to live -- for us, for our life together.
Ivy: No. No, that's not how things turned out, no. We don't have a life
together. I went back to Julian. Oh, God, Sam, I lost you. I lost you. I have --
I have nothing to live for now. Nothing. I have nothing else to live for.
Theresa: Luis loves Sheridan so much, and it's going to kill him to see for
himself that she's really gone.
Ethan: I just -- I wanted so much to believe she was alive.
Theresa: I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, Ethan.
Chad: Me, too, man.
Whitney: We all are.
Ethan: Thanks.
Rebecca: Well, Julian. Hmm. Looks like your plan worked. Sheridan is dead.
And everyone still thinks it's an accident. I don't see any reason to rock their
world with the truth. Do you?
Julian: I thought my father was cold.
Rebecca: Well, I'm just trying to lift your spirits by -- by looking to the
future, pookie. I think we should go ahead with our plan and get married now.
I'll go to the chapel and make all the arrangements.
[Phone rings]
Alistair: What?
Julian: It's me, Father.
Alistair: You'd better be calling with good news, Julian. I'm getting ready
for a workout.
Julian: I'm sure you'll think its good news. Sheridan has been confirmed
dead. The resort doctor matched her fingerprints, dental records with the woman
the shore patrol found at sea.
Alistair: Excellent. Although I gather from your lackluster tone that you're
having yet another attack of conscience.
Julian: She was my sister.
Alistair: You don't mix business with cheap sentiment, Julian. You do what
needs to be done. We needed to protect the family and we have.
Julian: Yes, Father.
Alistair: Now, finish the job. Have Sheridan's body cremated immediately. I
don't want Luis to have any reason to stay connected to the Cranes.
Theresa: Did you compare the doctor's findings with the information about
Sheridan that came from Harmony?
Luis: Yeah. Yeah, I did.
Norma: Nobody move! I got a job to finish, a promise to keep. I'm going to
kill Tabitha and that damn doll of hers if it's the last thing I do!
Tabitha: You'll have to kill Ross to get to me!
Reese: It's Reese, and -- wait! You're using this psycho to try to get rid of
me!
Norma: Move it or lose it, kid! Ah! Let go of me, you idiots! I'm trying to
kill the witch!
Reese: Whoa, wait, wait, &quot;witch&quot;? Did you just say &quot;witch&quot;?
Norma: Yes! Tabitha's a witch!
Reese: That's what I've been trying to tell you guys! Finally, I have a
witness. All this crazy stuff that's been going on, on the island -- its
witchcraft, courtesy of Tabitha Lenox, Harmony's own wicked witch!
Timmy's voice: Princess is really done for this time.
Norma: Ah! Oh! The kid's right! Tabitha's a witch! Her doll is alive! I've
seen it with my own eyes!
Tabitha: Look at her! She's mad as a hatter!
Norma: Oh. I've got proof you're a witch, hard proof.
David: You ladies want Sam and Grace to be the way they were before I came to
town, before Sam's secret past with Ivy Crane came out and the fact that they
have a child together. Only you can't turn the clocks back. Things are different
now. I'm not the only reason Sam and Grace's lives are in turmoil. Sam still has
unresolved feelings for Ivy, whether you want to admit it or not. And if I leave
Harmony, Ivy and the threat she poses to Grace will be still be here.
Ivy: I -- I don't have a life without you, Sam. I have nothing --
Sam: Yes, you do.
Ivy: Nothing to live for.
Sam: You have all the reason in the world to live.
Ivy: No!
Sam: Ivy, listen to me -- you are a wonderful, beautiful woman that any man
would be lucky to fall in love with and have a life with.
Ivy: Any man but you.
Sam: That's because you didn't come back. I waited. I hoped and prayed that
you would, but you didn't. I had to move on. But I have never stopped loving
you, Ivy -- not for a minute.
Henry: Oh. Are you getting married?
Rebecca: Well, you have missed your calling as a psychic. Duh! Of course I'm
getting married. And I want you to perform the ceremony as soon as possible.
Henry: Well, I'll be happy to. And who's the lucky man?
Rebecca: My pookie, Julian Crane.
[Henry chuckles]
Henry: Are you sure about this? Marrying Mr. Crane, I mean.
Rebecca: Of course I'm sure. Why? Is there something you're not telling me?

[Henry sighs]
Julian: Cremate Sheridan?
Alistair: Your sister's dead. Feed her to the flames right away. Let everyone
know she won't be coming back this time.
Julian: All right, Father, I'll do what I can.
Alistair: What kind of answer is that? Why do you sound so distracted? Is
something going on with you I don't know about?
Julian: It's just that, Rebecca's pressuring me into marrying her right away.

Alistair: So marry the wench. You're divorced from Ivy. There's certainly
nothing stopping you.
Luis: I compared the doctor's report to Sheridan's report from Harmony.
And, uh -- no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't find a mistake. Sheridan -- I
lost her. It's really her. Damn. I lost her.


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 9/26/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Wednesday 9/26/01







David: Doctor, no one's trying to accuse Sam Bennett of being a dirty rotten
scoundrel. Anyone can see that he's a decent enough guy. But he's in love with
two women. And when that situation occurs, someone's always going to get hurt. I
don't want that to be Grace.
Pilar: Look, it's true that Sam once loved Ivy, but that stopped a long time
ago.
David: Are you sure? What if he's not in touch with how much he still cares
about her? What if he comes to realize that he loved her just as much as he
always did? Can you imagine what that would do to Grace? I can. It would crush
her.
Sam: I never stopped loving you, Ivy, not for a minute.
Ivy: What hurts the most is that I have no one to blame but myself. I'm the
one who made the mistake that cost me a life with you. I -- I should have
believed in your love. I shouldn't have listened to other people no matter what.
And now I have nothing.
Sam: Listen to me, Ivy. Listen. I didn't stop loving you. I waited and I
waited for you to come back for me. And when you didn't, you broke my heart.
Norma: I can prove Tabitha's a witch and her doll is alive.
Reese: Vindication at last!
[Norma growls]
Reese: Ahem. Thank you, Norma. I've been trying to tell everybody this stuff
for months, but no one ever listens to me. Now finally there's somebody with
some proof.
T.C.: Enough already, all right? First, you're going to tell us about the
warlocks who threatened you with death.
Hank: Don't forget the talking tree.
T.C.: Everybody knows that Tabitha's a little eccentric, but she's harmless.

Norma: That's what you think, Buster!
Reese: I told you I was going to bust you sooner or later. And you know what
happens to witches in New England.
Timmy's voice: Princess won't be burned at the stake like a long time ago.

Tabitha: Oh.
Rebecca: Why don't you want to marry me and Julian Crane? Is there something
you're not telling me?
Henry: Well, I -- uh -- no -- I --
Rebecca: Look, would you just stop this stuttering. What don't you want me to
find out?
Alistair: You've been hell-bent on replacing Ivy with the hot-to-trot Rebecca
for months. Why the sudden cold feet?
Julian: Because Rebecca more than hinted that she would testify against me if
Sheridan's death is called into question. I will not be blackmailed into
marriage.
Alistair: Can the righteous indignation, Julian. You knew what Rebecca was
made of the first time you took her to bed. For months, you've been telling me
she'd make the perfect Crane wife, which is why, need I remind you, we let her
in on all our family doings. Now that she knows the intricacies of our business,
she must be brought into the fold. No backing out now, Julian. Make her your
wife post haste. But first, cremate your sister. I want this matter closed so we
never have to think about Luis Lopez Fitzgerald again.
Luis: Sheridan.
Ethan: Theresa? Let him be.
Theresa: I don't know how he's going to live now that we know Sheridan's
gone.
Singer: Breathe in breathe out you keep me alive you are my passion for life…
Norma: It's only a matter of time, Father. Tabitha and Timmy are about to pay
the price for insulting us.
Tabitha: I won't lie to you. I am deeply hurt that you should give any
credence at all to accusations put forth by someone who is clearly unbalanced
and who you've only just met on this island. Yeah, it's bad enough with Ross,
kept hammering away at me with his nonsense about me being a witch. But to
believe this Norma person over me, someone who -- who most of you have known
your entire lives -- well, I just don't know what the world is coming to.
Reese: Nice try, Tabitha, but it won't wash. Father Lonigan said someone
invited evil into Harmony, and I think that person was you.
Tabitha: No.
Reese: It all fits. Where did most of the trouble happen? The Bennett house,
right next door to Tabitha's. You're the one who caused the ravens to hit the
house. You're the one who made blood seep out of the walls. And as if that
weren't enough, it was you who caused the house to get swallowed into the ground
in a fiery inferno. We all could've died in hell that night, thanks to you,
Tabitha.
Tabitha: I had nothing to do with that.
Timmy's voice: Is princess going to tell them about Hecuba?
Simone: Say something, Kay. You know for a fact that you're the reason why
Ethan was brought this is reminding me of something that we read in American
history class.
Jessica: Since when did you ever crack a book in that class?
Kay: Wasn't it something about the Salem witch trials where the townspeople
just ganged up on innocent people just because they were a little -- weird?
Sorry. They did. They burned them at the stake as witches, even though they
hadn't really done anything wrong. No, this is different. That Norma lady has
proof that Tabitha's a witch.
T.C.: Yeah, but we haven't decided that yet, ok? But we're going to deal with
first things first, and that's getting you all home safely. Now, it's pretty
obvious to me that you had a tough time now we're going to get you to the
hospital and have you looked over by Eve and another doctor.
Reese: All right. But as soon as we get back, I'm going to have Chief Bennett
check out Norma's accusations.
Jessica: What are you doing?
Reese: I read it on one of my black magic web sites. It's how normal, nice
people keep witches at bay.
Hank: Let's go, guys. The boat's this way.
T.C.: You too, Norma.
Norma: Your goose is cooked, lady.
Tabitha: We'll just see about that. I'm afraid she's right, Timmy, unless you
and I can produce a miracle.
[Norma chuckles]
Rebecca: Oh. And I thought we were so close and, well, here you are just
holding out on little old me.
Henry: No, it's not that I would hide anything from you.
Rebecca: No? Well, then what is it? I can keep a secret.
Henry: Well, it's just that Mr. Crane owns this resort.
Rebecca: I know that! Oh -- my Julian is a very wealthy man.
Henry: Oh, well -- he could fire me and close down the chapel. You know, I'd
be out of work. And there aren't a whole lot of openings for justices of the
peace on this island. I can't break his confidence.
Rebecca: I knew it. Julian has a secret, and he's keeping it from me, isn't
he? Well, either you tell me what it is, or I am going to find a way to bounce
you out of this job myself.
Henry: Oh, please? Please, Mrs. Hotchkiss?
Rebecca: I am engaged to marry Julian Crane, and I have his father's personal
telephone number. So either you tell me Julian's secret, or I am going to make
sure that your next job is as the justice of the peace on Three Mile Island.
Julian: You've already made arrangements for Sheridan's funeral? Well, what
if a death hadn't been confirmed?
Alistair: Then we would've been making final preparations for you, wouldn't
we? Stop wasting time on the phone with me and go tell the others about the
arrangements and try not to screw it up, Julian.
Bruce: Julian? Whoa! You look like hell. Well, don't tell me that luscious,
young bride of yours wore you out already.
Julian: God, show some respect, will you? I've only just lost my sister.
Bruce: Oh, please, will you? I know for a fact that you were never close to
Sheridan, so you can save your crocodile tears for the rest of them.
Julian: Oh, will you just get lost? Every time you come around, my life takes
a turn for the worse.
Bruce: Is that any way to talk to your best man?
Julian: You should've stopped us from getting married. You knew that we were
both blotto.
Bruce: I couldn't talk you out of it. Besides, I thought you'd decided to
make the best of it.
[Bruce laughs]
Bruce: Oh, no. Don't tell me -- you haven't -- you haven't broken the news
for an old friend, Julian.
[Bruce clucks]
Julian: I want you to find Rebecca and you tell her the ceremony will be
taking place at the crematorium nearby. I'll meet her there.
Bruce: All right. And where might I find this unsuspecting jiltee?
Julian: Well, you might try the wedding chapel. She'll be the one in the
white wedding dress.
Bruce: You have done it this time, Julian -- again.
Julian: Just go, will you?
[Bruce clucks]
Chad: I'm sorry, man.
Ethan: You know, I thought I had accepted her death, and I kept telling Luis
there's no way she could've survived. I guess I just believed deep down that she
had.
Funeral Attendant: We're here for Miss Crane's remains.
Gwen: Oh, would you leave us alone.
Funeral Attendant: I'm sorry. We can't do that, Miss. We have orders to
prepare the remains for the service.
Ethan: What are you talking about?
Funeral Attendant: Miss Crane's funeral. It's scheduled to begin shortly at
our crematorium up the road. After the service, she'll be cremated.
Luis: The hell she will.
David: Look, I'm not blind. It's obvious that you two think Sam and Grace are
meant to be.
Pilar: I have rarely seen a husband so devoted.
David: Well, he's just as devoted to Ivy. He should've gone back for Grace in
the hurricane. Instead, he refused and remained by Ivy's side.
Eve: She was struck by lightning!
David: Grace could've been hurt, and he would've never known it. Come on,
Eve. Weren't you ever in love before you got married?
Eve: We're not talking about me.
David: Look, I'm just trying to make a point. If you were in a dangerous
situation with an old love who was hurt but you couldn't find your husband, what
would you do? Would you stay with the ex or would you go find the man you were
married to?
Eve: That is a ridiculous argument, David, because Sam had no reason to think
that Grace was in any danger. He thought she was safe and sound in the church.

Pilar: He did the only thing any decent man would do -- he tried to comfort
someone in need.
David: But it wasn't just someone -- don't you get it? You two have seen Sam
and Grace as a perfect couple for so long, you can't see what's in front of your
eyes. So defend the union all you want. Sam Bennett showed his true colors
tonight. His heart is with Ivy as much as it is with Grace.
Sam: Do you hear me, Ivy? My heart broke in two when you married Julian. I
didn't stop loving you.
Ivy: No. You're just saying that because I'm dying.
Sam: No. It's true.
Ivy: Oh, my God. Sam, you really mean it.
[Grace gasps]
Sam: Grace.
David: You see me as an outsider, an interloper coming in to break up the
happy family, Bennett home. But why don't you try and understand how I feel? I
lost my wife through no fault of my own, a woman I love with my whole being, who
much as you might not want to admit it, loved me back just as much. And then God
or fate or whatever you want to call it brought me back to where she was, and
what do I get? Total rejection, a figurative slap in the face, not just from
Grace, but from her friends who profess to love her so much.
Eve: David, don't make this personal.
David: It sure as hell is personal to me after I've been searching the world
for 20 years looking for the woman I love! And the kicker is to find her and to
lose her all over again. I tell you something -- if I thought that Grace was
truly happy, if I thought that Sam loved her anywhere near as much as I did,
well, I'd suck it up and I'd wish her well and I'd crawl off into the night
licking my wounded pride. But that's not what's happening here. Grace is about
to get hurt. She's about to get hurt more than she's ever been in her life, and
I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to stick around and pick up the pieces.
Nurse: Mrs. Crane? Can you hear me?
Ivy: Yes.
Nurse: It's nice to see you awake. I don't know what you've been telling our
patient, but it did the trick. The doctor will be so pleased.
Sam: I'll be right back.
Ivy: I never stopped loving you, either, Sam.
Sam: What you just heard --
Grace: You don't have to explain.
Sam: Yes, I do. It's not what you think. Look, Ivy wouldn't come out of the
anesthesia after her surgery. Eve asked me --
Grace: Sam, I said you don't have to explain. I know exactly why you said
those things. And it tore me apart to hear you say them.
Rebecca: No, I'd hate to have to cost you your livelihood. But don't think I
wouldn't do it. So tell me -- what is Julian hiding from me?
Henry: Hmm, well --
Bruce: Ah, there you are, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Not now, Bruce -- oh! I am in the middle of something!
Bruce: Well, this is very important, Rebecca. Julian sent me to fetch you.
Sheridan's funeral is about to begin.
Rebecca: Her funeral? Now?
Bruce: At the crematorium. Apparently, all the arrangements have been
finalized. But Julian looks a wreck, and he's counting on you for moral support
to get through this.
Rebecca: Whatever. You know, this is such lousy timing. I mean, now I have to
put on something dark and dreary and I -- I just look so good in white.
Henry: Uh, please give Mr. Crane my condolences.
Rebecca: Oh, no you don't. You can give them to him yourself at the funeral
because I want you there in attendance so you can marry us as soon as that
dreary little service is over. And, Bruce -- you're going to stay for the
wedding ceremony, aren't you?
Bruce: Oh --
Rebecca: Oh, it would be so nice to have a friend in attendance from back
home.
Bruce: Rebecca, I would be honored. I -- I wouldn't miss this for the world.

Luis: Well, I don't know who the hell told you there was going to be a
funeral for Sheridan tonight, but that is not --
Funeral Attendant: He did.
Luis: Well, why am I not surprised? Tell them you made a mistake, Julian, and
tell them to get lost.
Julian: I'm afraid that's not possible. My Father made the funeral
arrangements and -- ahem -- asked that I see that they're carried out, so --
Luis: Well, I don't give a damn what you or Alistair want. Neither of you
ever cared about Sheridan when she was alive. So I'm going to decide when and
where to have this service.
Julian: You weren't married yet, Luis. We are her legal family.
Luis: Julian, did you hear what I just said? I'm not letting you do this yet.

Ethan: Luis, wait.
Luis: Ethan, tell him. You were as close to Sheridan as anyone. Now, tell
Julian to get his men in black and get the hell out of here.
Ethan: I can't do that. For once -- for once, I agree with him.
Luis: Are you kidding me?
Ethan: Look, we've seen her remains. You know, it just doesn't make sense to
transport her body back home. You know, and besides, she loved being here on the
island with you. Now, why not bury her where she was happy?
Luis: I don't know, man. It's all happening so fast.
Ethan: Yeah, for all of us, Luis. But, you know, why drag this out, you know?
Why not just take care of this now so she can be remembered the way she wanted
to be remembered? You know, and I have a feeling she wouldn't want this dragged
out.
Luis: All right. Just for the record, Julian, I hate that you have anything
to do with this funeral. I never met a brother who cared so little about his
sister.
Ethan: Luis, look, forget about him. You know, who cares who makes the
arrangements as long as the people who love her are there to say good-bye?
Theresa: Now whatever you want to do, Luis, I am right there behind you.
Luis: Ok. All right, Julian. You do what you have to do. I'm warning you --
you treat Sheridan with respect. She deserves that.
Julian: I'm going to change. I'll meet you at the crematorium.
Ethan: I miss her. We're all going to miss Sheridan. . .
David: Do you believe that then, can either of you look me in the eye and
tell me that you are absolutely and positively certain that Ivy is completely
out of Sam's heart? I didn't think so. And eventually, Sam's actions will force
Grace to admit it, too. I just want you to know, as friends, that I'm going to
be around when it happens.
Sam: I only said those things because Ivy is fighting for her life.
Grace: Sam, I'm not accusing you of anything. It just -- it really hurt to
hear you say you never stopped loving her.
Sam: I'm sorry. I just felt that that's what she needed to hear. I owe her
for risking her life to help me fix the beacon in the park.
Grace: Is that all it was?
Sam: What do you mean?
Grace: Are you sure those things that you said to her aren't true? It sounds
like you never stopped loving her.
Kay: Where's my mother?
Jessica: Mommy!
Kay: Mom?
Grace: That's the girls.
Julian: I'm sorry, Sheridan. There was no other way. You know Father.
[Phone rings]
Julian: Yes?
Alistair: I just called to tell you to make sure that you understand that I
want this whole damn thing over with.
Julian: I know.
Alistair: Then get on with it and don't muck it up.
Julian: I have no intention –
[Alistair hangs up]
Father Huntington: Mr. Crane, I'm father Huntington from the local parish.
I'll be performing your sister's service.
Julian: Fine. And I'd appreciate it if it was short and sweet -- simple. My
sister would've wanted that.
Father Huntington: Yes, well, as you like. I'm ready to begin whenever you
are.
Julian: Yes. The others should be here any moment.
Julian: Becca, why are you still wearing white? I told Bruce to tell you to
dress for a funeral.
Rebecca: Well, he did. Oh, and I was going to change into something dark, and
then I thought, well, why go to all that trouble when we're just going to get
married right after the funeral service? And it's not like I won't be dressed
appropriately for the funeral. There. You see?
Julian: Yes. That just makes all the difference.
[Rebecca laughs]
Julian: I really wish you would reconsider this instant marriage idea. My
sister has only just died.
Rebecca: Oh. Well, Pookie, forgive me if I don't take your grief as seriously
as I might, but, as you may recall, I know exactly how Sheridan ended up in that
box to begin with. You killed your sister.
Julian: Luis. How long have you been standing there?
Luis: Long enough.
Singer: You are my passion for life…
Jessica: We're ok.
Kay: I'm so glad we're back.
Sam: Hey, you look pale.
Grace: You sure you're ok?
Sam: Are you sure you're all right?
Kay: Dad, we're fine.
Grace: Ok. Hank, I can't thank you enough for bringing them all home safely.

Hank: Hey, what's family for?
Hank: Still here, Hastings?
David: I'm going to tell you what I've been telling everyone else. I'm not
going anywhere.
Hank: That's your choice, I guess. But if you really loved Grace, there's no
way that you'd take that away from her.
Tabitha: Time for us to beat feet, Timmy.
Sam: Not so fast, Tabitha.
Luis: I've been standing here long enough to notice that.
Gwen: Despite our differences in the past, I know you loved her.
Luis: Yeah. With all of my heart.
Gwen: That's how Sheridan loved you. You showed her a happiness she never
knew existed. Do you mind if I put something on her casket?
Luis: You were her best friend, Gwen. You don't need to ask.
Ethan: Why don't you sit down and --
Chad: You ok?
Luis: Yeah. I'm fine, man. I'm -- just going to stay here next to her.
Chad: Ok.
Father Huntington: If you are all ready, we'll begin.
Julian: What the hell is the justice of the peace doing here?
Rebecca: Well, Julian, I told you. We're going to get married right after the
funeral service, and Bruce can be your best man.
Father Huntington: I'd like to start out by doing something a little out of
the ordinary. As I did not know Sheridan, I thought it might be fitting to have
one or more of you step forward to talk about her a bit, to tell us what she was
like, what she meant to you. I understand Sheridan's fiancé is here. Would you
mind?
Theresa: Do it for her, Luis. Do it for both of you.
Luis: I --
Luis: I loved Sheridan very -- very much.
Kay: Mom, what are you doing here? I mean, why aren't you at Tabitha's?
Grace: Well, it's been quite at night around here, as well -- what, with the
hurricane moving in so quickly. And your father had a close call when he was
trying to fix the lighthouse beacon, so Hank and T.C. could get a boat out to
rescue you guys.
Miguel: What happened to Chief Bennett? I mean, he looked fine.
Grace: Well, he was lucky. Unfortunately, Ivy Crane wasn't so lucky. She was
hit by lightning. A few more inches and it would have been Sam.
Kay: Oh, my gosh!
Jessica: Well, where were you, Mom? I mean, why was Ivy Crane helping Daddy?

Grace: You know, sweetie, that's -- that's a long story, and the important
thing is that we all pray that Ivy recovers, huh?
Pilar: Right. I'm going to check on Mrs. Crane.
Simone: Now what? Feeling blue that Charity made it back alive?
Kay: No. Simone, actually I was thinking about how close my Dad came to being
struck by lightning. If I hadn't sabotaged our rescue from the island, he
wouldn't have had to risk his life to try to save us.
Simone: Oh -- wait, I'm sorry. For a minute there, I almost thought I heard a
glimmer of a conscience.
Kay: Maybe you did.
Simone: What are you saying?
Kay: I'm saying that from now on, I'm through thinking only about myself. I'm
not going to do anything bad again.
Norma: Don't worry, Daddy. It isn't over till the fat lady sings. Isn't that
right?
Tabitha: You don't really think I'm a witch, do you, Sam?
Sam: I don't know what to think right now, Tabitha. But even if you were,
last time I checked it wasn't against the law.
Tabitha: Well, if you don't mind, I'll be going home now. It's been a long
day.
Sam: Just so we understand one another. Witch or no, if you've had anything
to do with the bizarre incidents we've all been subject to lately, if you've
ever done anything at all to jeopardize the safety of my children and those of
my friends, then I will put you in jail for the rest of your natural born life.
Do I make myself clear, Tabitha?
Theresa: It's all right, Luis. It's all right.
Ethan: Luis, why don't -- why don't you let me go first? It'll give you a
chance to collect yourself.
Luis: Ok. Yeah.
Ethan: I know how Luis feels. I've never met anyone so instinctively generous
and loving. I guess the irony is that it took her longer than most people to
find the one person that would love her as much as she deserved to be loved.
That's the one thing I can hang on to, that I am so grateful for -- that she
found that joy with Luis before she died. You know, she was the happiest she has
ever been this last year. And not many people get a chance to experience that
kind of completeness with another person, no matter how old they get to be. Only
a few of the lucky ones. And I miss Sheridan already. You know, my fiancée is a
great believer in miracles. I just wish we could pull one more out of the hat
and bring back Sheridan. But I guess that's -- I guess it doesn't work that way.
Now Sheridan's gone -- gone before she ever had a chance to live the loving life
she deserved.
Rebecca: Thanks to you.
Ethan: You know, I always thought Sheridan had the heart of an angel. And it
-- it makes me feel good to know that she's now with all the other angels in
heaven.
Ethan: I love you, Sheridan. I'll miss you. Good-bye.
Ivy: Pilar. Sam was just here and he told me that he still loves me.
Pilar: I'm afraid you misunderstood him. He was --
Ivy: No. No. No, he said it more than once. He meant it. I could tell.
Pilar: Please, don't do this to yourself. You know that Sam is married to
Grace, and the last time you got your hopes up, you were devastated. No, you
must let go of this idea that you and Sam will be together again.
David: It doesn't look to me like she will. That's why I can't leave. When
Sam goes back to Ivy, Grace's world will fall apart. She's going to need me.
Simone: I don't believe it. You're really going to try to be good?
Kay: Not try, Simone. I'm going to do it, starting now.
Simone: Oh, I'm -- I'm glad to hear that. But do you think that you can? I
mean, Miguel and Charity are -- they're still together. I mean, how are you
going to deal with that?
Kay: I'm going to be happy for them, that's how.
Simone: Ok -- stop. All right, who are you and what have you done with the
real Kay Bennett?
Kay: I don't blame you. All right, I mean, I know this doesn't really sound
like me, but I've finally seen the light. I mean, Simone, my family is way more
important to me than any guy. Even Miguel. What if my actions on the island had
cost my Dad his life, Simone? I'm not going to do anything again to put my
family in danger. I'm only going to send out positive, generous vibes. And that
way only good ones can come back.
Grace: What's going on?
Reese: Tabitha is a witch, Mrs. Bennett.
Sam: Reese --
Reese: I know you don't want me to say anything anymore, but I'm not the only
one that knows it's true. She knows it, too.
[Tabitha sighs]
Reese: They don't believe me that Tabitha's a witch.
Norma: Ha. Well, they're -- they're wrong. She's not only a witch, her little
doll is alive. I can prove it.
Father Huntington: Thank you, Ethan. Is there anybody else who would like to
say something before we get on with the service?
Theresa: You don't have to, Luis. Everyone will understand.
Luis: No, it's ok. Ahem. I can do this.
Luis: Something Ethan said really struck me. It's something that I believe
beyond a shadow of a doubt. It's not Sheridan in there.


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 10/1/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 10/1/01







Sam: Ivy risked her life to help me fix the beacon, to help save the kids.
And now she's in there fighting for her life. I feel like this whole thing is my
fault.
T.C.: Sam, don't go blaming yourself, all right? It was an accident. One of
those things.
Sam: One of those things.
T.C.: Sam, something else is bothering you. What is it? Talk to me.
Sam: This David situation. He says he has all this evidence that proves he
and Grace were married before she was married to me -- are still married. I wish
he'd never come to Harmony.
David: That's too bad, Sam. I'm here, and I'm not leaving Harmony without
Grace.
Grace: Pilar, please, try not to worry.
Pilar: But she saw them. Charity saw them, Grace.
Grace: No, her visions don't always come true.
Pilar: Theresa, Luis, and Sheridan -- they're all down there in Bermuda, and
she had a vision of an explosion in a tropical place. And she felt that
something horrible had happened to Sheridan.
Grace: If something did happen, we would have heard.
Pilar: But how? The phone lines are down. And Theresa --
Grace: No, no. She only saw Theresa drinking champagne.
Pilar: Yeah, but it was somebody else other than Ethan.
Grace: It doesn't have to mean anything.
Pilar: Or it could be Julian taking advantage of her, Grace.
Eve: Pilar? Are you all right? Charity said that you needed me.
Grace: Where is Charity?
Eve: Oh, I sent her home. The other kids, too. They needed to rest. Pilar?

Pilar: I'll be all right, Eve, as soon as I know that my children are
unharmed.
Eve: Well, I'd like to hear from Whitney again, too, but the phones are still
down from the hurricane.
Pilar: Oh, dear God, please. Please, dios mío, don't let anything bad happen
to our children.
Henry: Dearly beloved, we are gathered here to join this man and this --
these men and women in holy matrimony, which is an honorable estate.
Theresa: Wait.
Ethan: Theresa, what's wrong?
Theresa: I'm sorry, Ethan. It's just -- are you sure it's all right for us to
intrude like this, Rebecca, and be a part of your ceremony?
Rebecca: Frankly, Theresa, I don't give a fiddle-di-di what you do. I just
want to marry Julian. Now, can we get on with it?
Gwen: May I speak to you for a second?
Rebecca: Now?
Gwen: This will only take a moment.
Rebecca: Would you just make it snappy? I want to get that ring on my finger
right now.
Gwen: Yeah, so do I -- Ethan's ring. You had every opportunity in there to
stop Ethan from marrying Theresa. Why didn't you do it?
Rebecca: Oh, would you stop worrying. We already said that the first priority
was for me to marry Julian because once I am Mrs. Julian Crane; I can get you
anything you want, including Ethan.
Theresa: I had no idea that Ethan would want to get married now.
Julian: It's a bit late for regrets.
Theresa: But I can't do this. You and I are married.
Julian: Just play along. I'll get the annulment ASAP, and then you and Ethan
can have a real wedding when we get back to Harmony. But if I don't say &quot;I do&quot;
right now to Rebecca, she's going to become incredibly suspicious and she won't
stop snooping around until she uncovers our secret. Then Ethan will find out and
Luis will find out, and I will die a hideous death.
Theresa: Well, this never would have happened if you hadn't gotten me drunk.

Julian: I didn't force you to drink that champagne. You just calm down.
Theresa: I can't. I have a bad feeling about this. Everything is going to
blow up in our faces.
Luis: You had the most beautiful smile. It lit up a room. It lit up my life.
So many boats out there. If only one of those boats could bring Sheridan back to
me.
Brian: It's going to be ok, pretty lady. We'll be docking soon. We're going
to get you all the care you need, I promise. I'll bet that there's someone out
there looking for you. Of course, Pretty woman like you, they'll probably be
waiting on the dock when we arrive.

Luis: If only Sheridan was on one of those boats -- why do I keep doing this?
Letting my imagination get the best of me? Sheridan's gone. She's gone forever.
This is all I have, this and the memories.
Luis: I can't accept it. Sheridan can't be gone. She can't be. She can't be.

Brian: Your lips are turning blue. You're still so cold. I've got to dry you
off and get you into some fresh clothes or something.
Man: How's she doing?
Brian: She's still very weak, but we need some dry clothes so --
Man: I'll get some from the laundry.
Brian: Ok, thanks. Now, how to undress you without putting you in a
compromising position. I think -- I think the blankets are just going to have to
do. You just hang in there, pretty lady. We're going to get you back to the
dock. We're going to get you all the help you need. Everything's going to be
just fine.
T.C.: In the shed?
Sam: When I found them, they were in each other's arms.
T.C.: Grace and David?
Sam: She said it was innocent, and I believe her -- on Grace's part. But I'm
not so sure about David. The guy's like a vulture, just hanging around, waiting
to move in to reclaim Grace.
David: I won't have to reclaim her, Sam. You're going to send Grace back into
my arms when you realize you still love Ivy.
Eve: Like Grace said, Charity could be mistaken.
Pilar: I pray you're right. But so many of Charity's visions have come true.

Grace: That doesn't mean that these ones will.
Pilar: Oh, my God, what if something terrible has happened to Sheridan -- or
worse?
Eve: No, Pilar, don't even think it.
Pilar: My Luis will be destroyed. She's such a good person, Sheridan.
Eve: She's the only good Crane left, now that we know that Ethan's not a
Crane.
Pilar: Yeah. All the others are just pure evil. I've seen them through the
years. Alistair and Julian -- oh, wicked men, those two. Alistair is so
ruthless, and Julian with his maids. I would see him chasing them down the
hallways, actually chasing them. And some didn't need to be chased. And now to
think that Theresa could be down there with Julian -- oh, my God.
Eve: Oh, Pilar, now, you don't know that they're together.
Pilar: Yeah. But Charity in her vision -- she saw Theresa drinking champagne
with -- oh, God, with somebody else other than Ethan, Eve.
Grace: Pilar, she didn't even see the other man's face.
Eve: Pilar, it's just a vision.
Pilar: But that is something that Julian would do. He would get her drunk
with champagne to try to take advantage of her. Oh, God. If he did anything to
Theresa down there, I will neuter him like the dog that he is!
Grace: Now, Pilar, you don't want to talk that way.
Eve: I'm sure that it wasn't Julian's face.
Pilar: I pray you're right, Eve. I do. I pray that Theresa stayed as far away
as possible from Julian.
Ethan: So, what where you talking to Julian about?
Theresa: I just wanted to make sure that it was all right for us to be
married with them.
Ethan: Look, Theresa, I know you're a caring person. That's one of the things
I love about you. But I don't think you need to worry about their feelings. This
is your day. It's our day. The happiest day of our lives.
Henry: I am an officer of the court.
Bruce: It's all going to be over soon.
Henry: I can't go through with it.
Bruce: You can, and you will.
Henry: I have to tell the truth. I'm bound by honor.
Bruce: No, you are bound by the bribe Julian gave you. You know, I don't
think a judge would take kindly to an officer of the court taking money under
the table.
Henry: I am an ethical man.
Bruce: So you keep telling me. But, hey, even an ethical man can get a kick
out of this -- watching Julian squirm. In a couple of minutes, he's going to
have two wives and more trouble than he ever bargained for.
Rebecca: That's it. No more interruptions. You are going to start the wedding
ceremony, and you are not going to stop until I am the second Mrs. Julian Crane.

Ethan: And you're going to be the first Mrs. Ethan Winthrop.
Henry: From the beginning? Dearly beloved, we are gathered here to join these
men and women in holy matrimony. And they vow to love each other –
Grace: Pilar, I know the Cranes have done terrible things, but that doesn't
mean --
Pilar: Yes, too many.
Eve: Yes, we've all been affected by those damn Cranes.
Grace: There's one thing I can't blame on the Crane family. That's David
coming to Harmony and claiming that he's my husband. My life's in turmoil
because of my amnesia, because I couldn't remember that I was married to David
when I married Sam. I was always afraid that something would come out of my past
and haunt me, and this is it. My first husband. David.
T.C.: Sam, if you -- if you think that David is back here to get Grace, then
you must believe that he's everything he claims to be.
Sam: How can I not believe it, T.C.? I'm a cop. I saw the evidence. I had it
checked out. I tried to deny it, but it's there and it's overwhelming.
T.C.: Were the documents authentic?
Sam: Look, it's not even that. I mean, he knows personal things about her,
things I don't even know.
T.C.: Like the scar on Grace's foot? Hank filled me in and also Eve.
Sam: And he knows her little habits. Like her putting honey in her tea or
making a list before she goes to bed. And then there's the priest from Hartford
who remembered marrying them, recognizing them.
T.C.: That's compelling.
Sam: Grace even had flashes of the wedding, though she didn't remember seeing
David's face. I mean, still. When you think of all the proof he has, like I
said, it's pretty overwhelming.
David: Well, I'm glad you're starting to believe the truth, Sam. I am Grace's
husband.
Sam: I mean, my theory about this guy being a con artist just didn't hold up.
It's like he says -- I mean, what would he be trying to con us out of? The guy's
a successful photographer. He's got plenty of money.
T.C.: You're right. The kind of guy that's not going to drop everything, hop
on a plane to Harmony, and claim to be Grace's husband --
Sam: He is her husband. What am I going to do? What if I lose her?
Sam: Why not? I mean, after everything we've been through -- finding out
Ethan is my son --
T.C.: Yeah.
Sam: Grace hearing about my past relationship with Ivy, and Grace
miscarrying. Well -- that was about rock bottom.
T.C.: Yeah.
Sam: Our house being sucked into the ground.
T.C.: Sam, but you're rebuilding.
Sam: But what if we don't live there as husband and wife? The church only
recognizes one marriage. The state only recognizes one marriage. And that's
Grace's to David. What am I going to do?
Sam: I can't lose her, T.C. David's her husband, not me.
Man: Can't vouch for the fit, but they're dry enough. Wonder who this woman
is.
Brian: I was wondering the same thing. She sure is beautiful. There's got to
be somebody somewhere missing her -- boyfriend, husband.
Man: She wearing a wedding ring?
Brian: No.
Man: It's likely she isn't married.
Brian: Well, she might have been afraid she'd lose it and took it off before
she got in the water. A lot of women do that.
Man: Could be, I guess.
Brian: Well, if there is someone -- husband, boyfriend -- they got to be
worried sick about her.
Luis: I'll never forgive myself for not marrying Sheridan. Never. I just hope
Ethan listens to my advice and marries Theresa as soon as possible.
Henry: We are gathered here to join these men and women --
Theresa: Wait! What about Luis?
Henry: Who?
Ethan: Her brother.
Theresa: Oh, Ethan, he's the only family I have down here with me. He should
be here.
Henry: I see. Well --
Theresa: I can't get married without my brother.
Chad: Hey, no problem. I'll go get him.
Ethan: He's probably still out on the beach.
Julian: Theresa, you are quite right. Luis should be here. It's important to
have loved ones around.
Rebecca: Well, fine. Ethan and Theresa can wait for Luis, but Julian and I
are getting married right away.
Bruce: Why don't we all just be patient? I mean, it shouldn't be long before
Luis shows up, and the justice here doesn't want to perform two ceremonies.
Henry: I don't want to perform one.
Rebecca: Why not?
Henry: It's just that I'm tired. The storm -- it took a lot out of me.
Ethan: It seems to me that Julian is less than enthused about marrying
Rebecca.
Whitney: Well, what man would be enthusiastic about marrying that woman?
Ethan: It probably has to do with that girl he was upstairs with. Whoever she
was, the little tramp, he's probably still thinking about her.
Ethan: Luis.
Luis: Hey. Glad to see you took my advice.
Ethan: It was good advice.
Luis: Marry her now, Ethan, or you'll always regret it.
Theresa: Luis.
Luis: I'm just glad to be here to share in this special moment.
Rebecca: Ok. Well, let's go.
Henry: Very well. For the umpteenth time -- dearly beloved, we are gathered
here to join these men and these women --
Henry: Do you, Julian, take this woman, Rebecca --
Man: Mr. Crane, you're here.
Rebecca: Now what?
Man: I've been looking all for you.
Rebecca: Can you see you are interrupting a ceremony here?
Man: I'm so sorry, but we just received a phone call from the states. There
was a lot of static and the phones were down again, but I got most of what was
said.
Rebecca: Could you just spare us the blow-by-blow and just tell us what was
said?
Man: It's bad news, I'm afraid. Very bad. Ivy Crane has been hurt.
Ethan: What do you mean, she's been hurt?
Man: She's been struck by lightening.
Julian: Lightening?
Man: And she had a very bad fall.
Theresa: Ethan --
Ethan: Dear God.
Man: It's terribly serious. They're not sure she's going to make it through
the night.
Ethan: Oh, no.
Grace: I overheard Sam talking to Ivy. He said that he never stopped loving
her.
Eve: Grace, I asked Sam to do that. Ivy wasn't coming out of the anesthesia,
and I thought that it would help bring her back.
Grace: I know. Sam told me.
Eve: He doesn't love her. You're the one he loves.
Pilar: The only one.
Grace: And I really want to believe that. And sometimes I do and sometimes I
don't, and I have to wonder if I'm really the only woman in Sam's heart.
T.C.: Come on, Sam, everything is going to be all right. Grace can get her
marriage to David annulled by the church, right? Come on, man, of course she
can. Listen, she'll get a civil divorce, you two will get remarried, there'll be
a great wedding that everybody in Harmony will show up to.
Sam: Yeah, that'd be great, except Grace being married to David isn't the
only problem.
T.C.: Well, Sam, what's the other problem?
Sam: Earlier, Ivy was in bad shape, and eve told me that I was the only one
that could help her, the only one that could give her the will to live. So I
talked to her. I pretended our lives had been just the way she dreamed it would
be and we were together as a family with Ethan.
T.C.: Sam, Sam --
Sam: Yeah, that's not all. I told her I didn't stop loving her when she left
me for Julian.
T.C.: Sam, you told her that?
Sam: And Grace -- Grace overheard.
T.C.: What happened? What did she say?
Sam: She was confused. She wanted to know what was going on. I said I felt
like I owed Ivy. She didn't understand, and she wanted to know if I felt like I
owed Ivy because of what happened with the beacon or because of my past
relationship with her.
T.C.: So what did you tell her?
Sam: I didn't even get a chance to say anything. The kids showed up, we got
separated. All this stuff about Tabitha being accused of being a witch --
T.C.: You know what, Sam? Forget all that stuff, ok? Listen to me. I'm your
best friend, and I'm going to tell you exactly what to do. All right, first
you're going to find Grace and you're going to tell her that you love her.
You're going to tell her that she's the only woman for you. Because if you
don't, you're going to lose her forever.
Brian: There you go. All nice and warm. Soon we'll get you to the dock, and
then we'll get you over to the doctor. Good, she's starting to wake up a little.
Oh, no, what's wrong? No. Come on, you've got to stop shivering. That's not
good. Warm soup, if you can eat, and hot water bottles. This'll warm you up. I
don't want to leave you alone, but I'll only be gone a moment, so --
Captain: Oh. You are one beautiful piece of goods, and I'm still the captain
of this boat. Since I'm losing my quota of fish by putting into shore, I should
get something out of this deal. Oh, yeah. This should make up for no tuna.
Singer: You are my passion for life…
Brian: What the hell are you doing? Get away from her.
Captain: Hey! Hey! You had your fun! I figured I'd have some of my own!
Brian: I never touched her!
Captain: Take it easy, Brian.
Brian: I never -- you know, you keep flashing that thing; you're going to get
cut. Give me the knife.
Captain: Like hell!
Brian: Give me the knife! I'm telling you, give me the knife, or I'm going to
gut you like a fish and I'm going to throw you to the sharks. I mean it,
captain. Give it to me. Give it to me!
Brian: It'll be all right. I'm sorry. I should have never left you. I'll
never leave you alone again.
Sam: Wait a minute, T.C. You said you thought Grace and I were fine. Now
you're saying I could lose her forever?
T.C.: Sam, I don't know. You keep getting mixed up with Ivy. Come on, man.
Let's just go someplace where it's quiet. We can talk. You know, maybe you can
find Grace and you can tell her how much you love her. Come on, let's go.
Sam: Wait a minute, wait a minute. I'm just going to check on Ivy one more
time.
T.C.: Damn it, Sam. What do you really feel for Ivy?
David: That's exactly what I'd like to know. Although, I think it's pretty
obvious. Sam's never gotten Ivy out of his heart. He probably never will.
Grace: What? What is it?
Eve: You know, I think the best thing for you to do, Grace, is to go and find
Sam and talk it out.
Pilar: It'll help to talk things out. You just speak honestly about your
situation with David.
Eve: And if David really is your husband, you and Sam need to come up with a
plan for how to deal with it.
Pilar: Grace, go. Find him. And you'll see nothing has changed. And pretty
soon, your house will be rebuilt and things will be exactly as they were before.

Grace: Ok. I'll go look for Sam.
Eve: Do you really believe that, Pilar? That their lives will be the same?

Pilar: I can only hope for it, Eve.
Julian: Rebecca.
Rebecca: What?
Julian: Ahem. I can't do it. We can't go on with this. I have to go back to
Harmony right away.
Rebecca: What for?
Julian: Well, to help Ivy, to see if I can --
Rebecca: Why? You divorced her. You hate the woman.
Julian: Well, I know. It'd be awful if I didn't at least go back and see how
she was doing. The last thing I need is bad publicity.
Rebecca: Oh, since when have you been worried about bad publicity? Besides,
the whole world knows what Ivy did to you, lying to you about Ethan being your
son and all. And the whole world would applaud you for ignoring her. Besides, if
anyone deserved to be struck by lightening, it's Ivy.
Julian: For pity's sake, Rebecca!
Rebecca: What, pity for Ivy? Hmm. Never.
Julian: Well, I -- I have to go to Harmony. I have no choice.
Rebecca: No! You're staying here and marrying me!
Gwen: Excuse me. Julian's right, Mother, We should really go back to Ivy, you
know, for Ethan's sake.
Rebecca: Now you're both being ridiculous.
Gwen: Hey, listen, I plan on marrying Ethan someday, and I would prefer if he
doesn't remember you honeymooning in Bermuda while his mother is on her
deathbed.
Julian: Ethan, I'm so sorry. If there's anything I can do --
Ethan: Actually, there is. Do you think we could borrow the Crane jet and go
back home to see my Mother?
Julian: Unfortunately, the Crane jet is already back in Harmony, but I'll get
us out of here. Bellman, would you get a hold of the manager and find out which
of the airlines I own has a flight off this Godforsaken island? I want it.
Man: A whole jet?
Julian: Yes. Throw all the passengers off. I want to take us all immediately
back to Harmony.
Man: Yes, sir.
Julian: You got your wish. Both the weddings are off.
Theresa: Now you'll have time to get the annulment so when I marry Ethan, it
will be for real.
Henry: That young man is really suffering. And the secret that I'm keeping
from him will cause him even more pain.
Bruce: I don't like where this is going.
Henry: Not to mention Theresa, Julian, everyone. I can't do this any longer.
I can't hold it in. I have to tell them the truth right now.
Bruce: No! Listen, you -- the kid just found out his mother is dying. Now,
you don't want to add to that and make it worse, do you?
Henry: Hmm. Of course I don't. But I can't have anyone leave this island not
knowing the truth. And I'm going to get another copy of Julian and Theresa's
wedding photo.
Bruce: No, no, no --
Henry: When I tell them what happened, they won't believe me unless I have
proof. When I get back, I'll gather them around and finally tell them the truth.

Bruce: Damn! Boy, if I don't do something fast, all the fun with Julian is
going to be over all too soon.
Grace: Where has Sam gone now?
David: Don't give up, Ivy. Just don't give up. You've got to keep fighting.

Grace: Is Sam talking to Ivy again?
David: I hope you get him. I truly hope you get Sam. You've just got to
fight. You've got to fight. And you can be with Sam. And Grace will be free,
then she can be with me.
Sam: Look, what I said to Ivy meant nothing.
T.C.: Sam, do you remember what happened with Ethan when Theresa was in the
hospital? Right after the motorcycle accident, he talked to her. He gave her the
will to live when she was slipping away.
Sam: The difference was that Ethan actually had feelings for her, and that
moment helped him realize how much he loved her.
T.C.: Well, Sam, that's what I'm wondering, all right? Because the same thing
is happening to you. Sam, you told Ivy that you never stopped loving her. Did
you realize when you were talking to her that your love for her never died?
Theresa: Come back with us, Luis. Julian offered us a free trip.
Luis: I'm not ready to leave Bermuda. It's the last place that I was with
Sheridan. I'd give anything right now for just one more moment with her.
Luis: There are so many boats out there. And I -- I keep thinking, what if
Sheridan's on one of them? What if she's on one of them, just -- she's on her
way to come back to me? I know it's just wishful thinking.
Brian: You know you've got to have a boyfriend even though you're not wearing
a ring. Guys like me; we never even get to talk to a girl like you. Whoever your
man is, I hope he knows how lucky he is to have such a beautiful woman in his
life.
Man: The jet that Mr. Crane wants has to be fueled. I'm afraid it's going to
take a while.
Rebecca: Well, you don't say. Well, then, there is time for us to get
married.
Julian: Oh, Rebecca, please.
Ethan: We could get married, too.
Whitney: Only, I did see the justice of the peace leave a little while ago,
and you can't get married without him.
Rebecca: Well, we'll just have to find him, then, and start the ceremony all
over again. I am not leaving this island until I am Mrs. Julian Crane.
Ethan: What do you say, Theresa? Let's do it. You know, life is too short to
put it off. With Sheridan dying and my mother -- I just don't want to wait any
longer.
Sam: I am tired of having to say over and over again that I don't have any
feelings for Ivy.
T.C.: And I wish I could believe you, Sam. I want to believe you, all right?
But every time I turn around, you and Ivy always seem to be getting together.
It's like you're a part of each other's lives. I mean, you say that you want to
be away from her -- man, I know I could never say what you said to Ivy or to any
other woman, even if they were dying. And you know why, Sam? Because I love Eve
too much.
Sam: Are you doubting my love for Grace?
T.C.: Sam, I'm not doubting --
Sam: I said those things to keep her alive! I didn't mean them.
T.C.: Sam, I just want to make sure that you're being honest with yourself,
all right?
Sam: T.C., I know how I feel.
T.C.: Well, are you sure it's over between you and Ivy?
Sam: I'm not going over it again. What, you think I'm lying to Grace? She's
my wife.
T.C.: Damn it, Sam, then, be honest with your wife. Because if you're not,
I'm not sure your marriage will make it this time. Your marriage can not handle
another lie.
Grace: I thought that you cared about me.
David: Grace. Grace, Grace --
Grace: Look, you said that you wanted what's best for me when you don't. I
heard you. You want Ivy to be with Sam.
David: Grace, you've got it all wrong. I don't want Ivy to take Sam away. I
was hoping that Ivy would give you back to me.
Grace: That Ivy would give -- what?
David: If there's anything still going on with them, then there is a chance
--
Grace: There's nothing going on with them! Sam loves me!
David: Fine. Then you've got nothing to worry about. But if you're wrong --

Grace: I'm not.
David: If you're wrong, then maybe -- just maybe -- there's a chance that
I'll get you back.
Grace: Oh, David, just stop it.
David: I'm sorry, but I have been praying for so long to be back with you
again. I love you, Grace. The most important thing in my life is to reunite with
my wife.
Chad: Guys, I couldn't find the justice of the peace anywhere.
Rebecca: Well, keep looking. I mean, we don't have much time before the plane
leaves. We can leave no stone unturned.
Theresa: Honey, don't worry about the justice, ok? You just stay here, and
Whitney and I will go look for him.
Ethan: Yeah, but I just don't want to stand around and wait. I'm going to go
look with Chad.
Theresa: Please, will you relax?
Ethan: It's best for me to keep busy. I'll be back soon, ok?
Theresa: Don't let anyone find him.
Rebecca: Are you looking, Theresa?
Theresa: Well, we better keep up appearances, right?
Whitney: Oh my God!
Rebecca: Theresa? What have you found in there?
Luis: If only a boat could bring Sheridan back to me.
Brian: Land. We're almost there. I told you I'd take care of you. Now
whoever's been looking for you since the hurricane is about to get the surprise
of his life.


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 10/2/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 10/2/01







Tabitha: Here's to us, Timmy, to our victory over Norma the abnormal and the
wailing warlocks.
Timmy: To Timmy, that sounds like a rock band.
Tabitha: Oh. Never mind what it sounds like. We won, and they lost. By now,
Norma is ensconced in the booby hatch, and the warlocks are alone again on the
island, powerless to hurt an innocent witch and her trusty sidekick.
Timmy: Would princess care for another?
Tabitha: Hmm. I don't mind if I do, Timmy. Of course as marvelous as I feel
tonight, our troubles are not over yet, not by a long shot.
Timmy: Why not? Nobody believed Reese when he said princess was a witch. Not
after Norma's eyewitness turned out to be her father, the dead head.
Tabitha: Nevertheless, Reese planted the seed, and that is not a good thing.
Not to mention the fact that we have yet to face our toughest test.
Timmy: What test?
Tabitha: Well, you remember what Charity said about the tree at the dam on
Warlock Island?
Timmy: Who could forget? That tree told Charity that she had the power to
stop the hurricane, so she did.
Tabitha: Yeah, exactly. And the more Charity understands the gifts that she
was born with, the more precarious it becomes for us.
Timmy: But Timmy got the impression that Charity wasn't even sure it
happened.
Tabitha: Yeah, well, that's just for now. I fear the day is coming when
Charity is going to realize how powerful she really is. And you know what that
spells out for us, don't you, Timmy?
Timmy: D-O-O-M.
Tabitha: Bingo.
Miguel: It's late. I should get you back to Tabitha's.
Charity: Ok. Oh, I wish they'd finish the construction on this house already.

Miguel: Yeah, I don't blame you. It's got to be hard camping out at a
neighbor's.
Charity: We're just really crammed in, in there. It's hard to even find a
place to sit and think.
Miguel: You're still obsessing about how the storm ended on the island,
aren't you?
Charity: Yeah. And I know it sounds crazy, but I'm telling you -- a tree told
me how to stop that hurricane.
Miguel: I mean, how could anything that happened to us on the island be?
Charity: But at least everybody else saw the warlocks. Why am I the only one
the tree talked to? And what does it mean that I have special powers?
Miguel: Look. I mean, all I know is that the hurricane stopped so suddenly,
it was like we were never really in danger from it.
Charity: Exactly. That's what it promised me -- that it would save everybody
in exchange for what I care for most. And that's you, Miguel. I'm afraid I'm
going to lose you.
Gwen: How are you holding up?
Ethan: As good as can be expected, I guess. Just -- first Sheridan, and now
my Mother --
Gwen: Oh, honey, your Mother is going to be fine.
Ethan: You don't know that, Gwen. I could lose her.
Gwen: Ethan, I hope you know you can open up to me even though we're not
together. I -- you still mean so much to me.
Ethan: Thanks. I feel the same way. I can't stop thinking about Sheridan.
Gwen: I know, me too. I don't think I've ever known anyone who was so full of
life. It's just so hard to believe that she's gone.
Ethan: Just like that. I just -- it doesn't make sense for me to be chasing
around the justice of the peace, trying to get married when my mother's life is
hanging by a thread.
Gwen: Does that mean you've changed your mind about marrying Theresa?
Bruce: Hey. I know what you can do. You can build a harem. That way, you
could have as many wives as you want.
Julian: Not funny, Bruce. Just for the record, I'm not a bigamist yet, no
thanks to you.
Bruce: Will you just lighten up? You should be proud as a peacock. I mean,
you're married to a sexy, young babe, and you've got a somewhat older hot mama
panting to say, &quot;I do.&quot;
Julian: Yeah, at the moment, I'm off the hook as far as a wedding ceremony
this evening. By some stroke of luck, the justice of the peace seems to have
taken a powder.
Bruce: Well, then why are you wearing a hole in the rug with your pacing?
Julian: Because Rebecca has sent a search party out looking for the fellow.
She's vowed not to leave this island until she's the next Mrs. Julian Crane!
Bruce: She may be the next, but she won't be the only.
[Bruce laughs]
Rebecca: What's in there, Theresa? What did you find?
Chad: I wish -- I wish there was something I could say or do.
Luis: Well, thanks, but there isn't.
Chad: Ethan said you weren't flying home with us, but it's not too late to
change your mind.
Luis: No, I just -- I just want to stay at the last place that I was with
Sheridan. If I go, I'll be -- I'll be admitting that she's really gone, and --
hey, don't worry, man. My head knows that she is, you know? It's just having a
hard time getting the message through to my heart. You know, it's -- it's like
in spite of everything I still look out to sea, and I still think that maybe
she's out there. Maybe she's on one of those boats coming back to me.
Brian: She looks like an angel when she sleeps -- an angel who's fighting for
her life. Don't you worry, Angel. We're going to get you to land soon. I'm going
to get you to a doctor straightaway. He's going to make you feel all better.
Then I'm going to look for your people because I know that there are folks out
there looking for you. They may even think that they've lost you. I can imagine
the surprise on their face when they find out that you're going to be all right.


Ethan: I haven't changed my mind, and I still love Theresa. I'm going to
marry her.
Gwen: Of course. I was just -- I was wondering about the timing.
Ethan: You know, it's hard to think about my own happiness when my mother's
all alone in a hospital back home fighting for her life. What's taking that damn
plane?
Gwen: Oh, I'm sure it'll be here any minute. And meanwhile, you don't know
that your mother's alone.
Ethan: Who would be with her?
Gwen: Well, Pilar, for one. And I'm sure somebody's contacted Sam if he
doesn't know already.
Ethan: Sam?
Gwen: Yes. Your Father. Now I don't know a whole lot about Chief Bennett, but
from the little I do know I know that he would never leave her side. He would
stick by the mother of his son.
Bruce: Julian. Hey. Don't worry. The justice of the peace will not be
performing any marriage ceremonies tonight.
Julian: How do you know that?
Bruce: Well, let's just say he was having a difficult time dealing with the
pressure of marrying you and Theresa again, to different partners.
Julian: What have you done?
Bruce: Now, all I did was sequester the dear man in a closet where he'll be
safe and unfound until we leave the island.
Julian: Hmm. I didn't think you had it in you, Bruce.
Bruce: Hey, I've always been in your corner. I told you that. It's the least
I could do after having so much fun at your expense down here. I thought I'd
just cut you a break.
Julian: Well, I couldn't agree with you more. Where's this closet?
Bruce: It's out in the hall. Don't worry. Nobody will think to look in there.

Julian: Well.
Rebecca: What are you doing? I was going to look in there.
Theresa: Oh, there's no need.
Rebecca: I'll be the judge of that. What are you trying to hide?
Julian: Rebecca -- don't.
Rebecca: Why not? What is going on around here?
Chad: You're not -- you're not saying that you think Sheridan's on one of
those boats out there, are you?
Luis: I'm not that far gone. It's just wishful thinking. Her identity was
confirmed through her fingerprints and dental records. There's no arguing with
that.
Chad: I really am sorry.
Luis: I know. You were one of the lucky ones. You knew her.
Chad: Yeah. Not as well as I would have liked to, though. But, Luis, anyone
could have seen that she was special, man. I mean, she had a kind of light to
her.
Luis: I know. She would walk into a room and it would brighten. People would
just start smiling because she was there. You know, it's like before I met her,
I was -- I was living my life in black and white. She came along and bam, you
know, it was in Technicolor.
Chad: Yeah, that's love.
Luis: Yeah. You know, it's -- it's one thing to get along without it when you
don't know it exists, but once you've tasted it -- I don't know how you go on.

Chad: Hey, you know -- I used to think that I was carrying this heavy load
because I didn't know who my parents were. And now I see that it's a hell of a
lot worse to lose something that you had than something that you never had any
idea of. But I know that you hearing that right now is not going to take the
pain away.
Luis: Yeah.
Luis: You know, it's weird, isn't it? The bottom dropped out of my world
today. All those fishermen out there on those boats coming home like they do
every night, without a clue, it's just another day. Just another day.
Brian: Hang on, Angel, we're about to dock. I've got to go help get us in,
but as soon as we get tied up, I'm going to come back down and I'll get you, ok?

Luis: Well, there's nothing for me out here. I'm going to head back to the
hotel, man.
Chad: Ok.
Tabitha: When Charity's powers come into full bloom, as they were, she'll
recognize me for what I am and stomp me out faster than you can say West Nile
Virus.
Timmy: Timmy will miss his Princess.
Tabitha: Oh, forget it, lad. Where goest moi, goest toi. You're in this as
deep as I am. Of course, we do have one slender thread of hope. The tree told
Charity that she would have to give up something precious in order to save
Miguel.
Timmy: Her nSync poster?
Tabitha: No, Tim Tim. Miguel. Miguel himself. If she gives up Miguel and they
don't make love, then we'll be home free.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't like to think about Charity and Miguel doing what Tabby
said.
Tabitha: Well, you may not have to. Charity may not realize it, but I think
she may have saved us by sacrificing her future with Miguel.
Timmy: Timmy could get down with that. Timmy's had more than enough peril and
pestilence in his short time on this earth. To a nice, normal home life from now
on. Uh-oh.
Tabitha: What is it?
Tabitha: Canker sores and carbuncles! Oh, I should've known it. Those two
brats are still all lovey-dovey in spite of Charity's promise to the tree. Come
on. We're going to have to go, Timmy. We have got to keep a sharp eye on those
two.
Miguel: Hey. I'm right here, aren't I? I'm not going anywhere.
Charity: But what about my promise?
Miguel: To a tree?
Charity: I knew you wouldn't believe me.
Miguel: That's not the point. Sit down. You can promise the man in the moon
that you are never going to see me again, have you?
Charity: No.
Miguel: And besides, all right, you don't even remember what you promised to
give up. You know, maybe it wasn't me. I mean -- or maybe you misunderstood what
was being asked of you and you don't have to sacrifice anything.
Charity: I want to believe you, but I -- I don't.
Miguel: Listen to me. All right, however you managed it, you stopped the
hurricane, which saved all of our lives. You know, don't you think that if
something were to be taken away from you, it would have happened already?
Charity: Maybe.
Miguel: I do. I mean, we're still here together, you know? So, obviously,
it's got nothing to do with us. You know? I mean, you've just got to try to push
all these negative thoughts out of your mind. Nothing's ever going to take me
away from you.
Tabitha: Well, I, for one, hope you're wrong about that, Miguel.
Rebecca: Why don't any of you want me to see what's in that closet? Fine. If
none of you will pay me the courtesy of telling me what's in there, I have to
look for myself. Would you step aside, Theresa?
Julian: I really wouldn't -- do that, Rebecca, no.
Rebecca: Why not?
Julian: Well, um -- the hurricane, you see -- the hurricane has upset…
Rebecca: What are you talking about?
Julian: Well, it's stirred up all of the -- the island wildlife. It seems a
number of outdoor creatures have been found indoors. Seeking shelter from the
storm, no doubt. A bellhop told me this entire resort is overrun with rats.
[Rebecca gasps]
Rebecca: Rats?
Whitney: Big rats!
Theresa: Oh, that's right! I mean, gosh, that's what Whitney and I saw when
we opened up that closet -- oh! It was the hugest rat I'd ever seen in my life.

Whitney: It was disgusting.
Rebecca: Oh, my goodness! I hate rats! I can't even stand to look at a mouse.

Julian: Well, that's why I was trying to spare you, my pet. I'd do anything
to protect you from something so filthy and vile.
Bruce: He's just acting the protective husband-to-be, Rebecca. Isn't that
right, Julian?
Julian: Yes, absolutely, my darling. You're my everything.
Rebecca: Oh, really, pookie? Oh, I was afraid you didn't want to marry me
anymore.
Julian: Oh, nonsense, my little spice tart. I live for the moment you become
my wife. And if I was a tad bit reluctant earlier, it's only because I've always
fantasized that our nuptials take place at home, not some far-off island resort
wedding chapel. You deserve a ceremony worthy of our love.
Rebecca: Oh, pookie, I love that you care.
Julian: Oh.
Rebecca: And, no -- and just for the record, I don't care where we make it
official, just as long as I become Mrs. Julian Crane as soon as possible.
Julian: The moment we get back home, my pet.
Whitney: Oh, my God. Theresa, that was too close for comfort. You can't keep
this a secret for long.
Theresa: Oh, and Ethan can't find out. He'll never speak to me again.
Whitney: Theresa, that's the least of it. If Ethan knows, then he's going to
tell Luis, and they are both going to kill Julian and go straight to jail for
the rest of their natural lives.
Theresa: What have I done?
Whitney: Only the worst thing that I could ever imagine.
Theresa: What am I going to do, ok? Help me.
Whitney: Theresa -- look, normally, I would tell you to go straight to Ethan
and tell him the truth. But this is the exception. I mean, Ethan may be able to
get over the fact that you married Julian, but I don't think he's going to
forgive you for sleeping with him.
Theresa: Ethan is the most understanding guy that either one of us have ever
met, but everyone has their limit.
Whitney: Boy, she doesn't waste any time, does she?
Theresa: Gwen would love nothing more than to get Ethan back from me.
Whitney: And she'd pull it off in a heartbeat if she knew that you were
married to Julian.
Theresa: Well, we just have to pray that Julian keeps his word and annuls our
marriage before it ruins all of our lives. You know, I just want to forget that
I was ever Mrs. Julian Crane.
Charity: So many incredible things have happened to us in the last few
months. Who's to say this isn't just as real? I'm sure you haven't forgotten the
birds attacking my aunt and uncle's house.
Miguel: You have got to stop thinking about the island. Ok, we're home now,
safe and sound, where nothing bad is going to happen. You know, and it's no
wonder you're exhausted after everything you've been through. You'll see. Ok,
after a good night's sleep, you'll be able to put all this stuff behind you.
Charity: I don't think so, Miguel. I -- I don't think I can sleep until I
know what I gave up. Wait a minute. I have an idea. And it's worth a shot.
Brian: Hang on a second.
Man: So you just found her in your net?
Brian: Yeah. I thought she was dead for sure and then we found a pulse. It's
a miracle she survived out there in that storm.
Man: No kidding. Lady must be made of some pretty strong stuff.
Brian: She's hanging on, but she definitely needs professional help.
Man: Well, let's get her up to the hotel. Call the doctor from there.
Theresa: Honey. Don't worry. I'm sure the plane's going to be here soon. And
you'll be at your Mom's side in just a few hours.
Ethan: What if I don't make it in time?
Theresa: Don't say that. Your Mom is the strongest person I have ever met.
And if anyone could pull through this, Ethan, she can.
Ethan: You're right. What would I ever do without you, Theresa?
Julian: What -- I swear, that justice of the peace is going to wish he never
heard my name. I'm going to see that he's fired the moment we get back to
Harmony.
Rebecca: Really, pookie? You're that angry that he skipped out on our wedding
service?
Julian: I am livid! I am so sorry, my little crumb cake, but I promise you a
much nicer ceremony once we get back home.
Rebecca: Well, I guess there's nothing to be done but just accept that it's
not going to happen tonight.
Julian: There's my brave girl. Yeah, why don't you go change for the flight
home?
Rebecca: I suppose.
Julian: And while you're gone, I'll check and see what's keeping the plane.

Gwen: You know, for a while there, I thought Julian was trying to weasel out
of marrying you.
Rebecca: Yeah. So did I. Hmm. Maybe I was just being paranoid. You know, I
think Julian wants us to have the kind of wedding that our love deserves not
some quickie, &quot;I do&quot; in a 24-hour wedding chapel.
Gwen: Yeah.
Theresa: Luis. You've changed your mind. You're coming back home with us?
Luis: No, I'm going to stay here for a while.
Theresa: But you should be home, Luis, where we can take care of you.
Luis: Yeah, I just want to stay here. It's the last place I saw Sheridan.
Ethan: Let him do what he needs to do.
Theresa: I love you, Luis.
Luis: Yeah, I know. I love you, too.
Theresa: Ok.
Whitney: Well, we'd better go finish getting ready to go.
Theresa: Ok.
Luis: Hey, what's going on? Bell
Man: One of the fishing boats picked up someone out at sea.
Luis: Yeah, well -- bell
Man: Look, look, I need to get a doctor.
Luis: Sheridan?
Singer: You are my passion for life…
Luis: Let me through. I got to see if this is my fiancée.
Man: All right, watch it, fella. We got to get our patient to the hospital.

Luis: You don't understand. This could be my fiancée.
Man: I could have told you it wasn't your fiancée if you'd have given me a
chance.
Luis: I'm sorry.
Woman: Brian, what happened?
Brian: We caught her in our nets a couple of miles out. She's in bad shape.

Woman: Well, is she still breathing?
Brian: Don't ask me how, but yes. She needs a doctor, though.&nbsp;
Man: Brian, why didn't you take her to Bermuda? It's not that much further
and there's a hospital there.
Brian: Because I didn't think we had enough time and I wanted to get her to
land as soon as I could.
Woman: Oh, my goodness. Poor thing. She looks pretty bad off. Listen, I'll
call doc. He'll get here on the double.
Brian: Thanks, Liz.
Liz: Do you have any idea who she is?
Brian: No, she didn't have any I.D. on her. It shouldn't be too hard to
figure out, though. Somebody's got to be looking for her.
Theresa: Don't you dare try to wiggle out of this one, Mr. Crane. You
promised you would get our marriage annulled as soon as we get back to Harmony.

Julian: Good grief. You're beginning to sound like a harping little wife
already.
Theresa: Don't call me your wife. That is the last thing I feel like.
Julian: Well, it doesn't matter what you feel – it’s what it says on our
marriage license that counts. You're the one, the only, Mrs. Julian Crane.
Technically, we're still on our honeymoon.
Whitney: I cannot wait to get this whole trip behind us.
Chad: You and me both, even if I don't know exactly what's going on with
Theresa and Ethan.
Whitney: Well, you don't need to know the gory details, but trust me when I
say that Sheridan's death was not the only horrible thing that happened in
Bermuda.
Chad: Well, whatever it is, it's got to be serious.
Whitney: It is.
Rebecca: I am not going to waste a moment when we get to Harmony. I'm going
to start arranging our wedding immediately.
Julian: Ooh. That's wonderful, dear.
Steward: Mrs. Crane?
Theresa and Rebecca: Yes?
Ethan: Theresa, since when do you answer to &quot;Mrs. Crane&quot;?
Julian: Oh, no.
Rebecca: Theresa, since when do you answer to &quot;Mrs. Crane&quot;?
Theresa: I am so sorry. I feel like an idiot.
Gwen: What were you thinking?
Theresa: Well, Ethan and I are on the verge of getting married, and I've
always thought of him as Ethan Crane, so I guess I was imagining myself as the
future Mrs. Ethan Crane instead of Ethan Winthrop.
Ethan: Hmm. Yeah, well, you know, I'm still getting used to my new last name
myself.
Steward: Excuse me for interrupting, but a couple of pieces of luggage were
left in the resort lobby. The name tags say Mrs. Julian Crane.
Rebecca: Oh, well, they must be mine.
Julian: We're not married yet.
Rebecca: Well, no, but we will be soon. And I changed all my name tags and
monograms before I left Harmony. I didn't see any point in waiting.
Steward: I'll go get them, then, so you can take off.
Theresa: Luis!
Luis: Hey. I -- I realized there was no reason for me to stay here anymore.
Sheridan's gone, and hanging out on the beach looking out to sea isn't going to
bring her back, as much as I wish it would.
Ethan: Well, we're glad that you decided to come home with us.
Luis: Well, thanks. I think that's what she would have wanted, even though
there's no way I'll ever call that place my home without her. Hey.
Whitney: Hi.
Timmy: What's Charity going to do?
Tabitha: Blessed if I know. Hush so we can hear what she's saying.
Miguel: How do you plan on finding out what you promised the tree?
Charity: Look, you're going to think I've totally lost it, but there's only
one way, Miguel. If the tree of Warlock Island could talk to me, then maybe this
one can, too.
Miguel: Charity, I --
Charity: Ok, look, I know what I look like right now, but please. I'm so
scared about what I gave up. So just -- just bear with me, all right?
Miguel: Whatever you need to do, I'm with you.
Timmy: As much as it pains Timmy to see Charity with another, at least Miguel
loves Charity the way she deserves to be loved.
Charity: Talk to me, please. Tell me what I had to give up. Tell me what I
traded to end the hurricane and save Miguel and the others. The tree on Warlock
Island told me that if I used my powers to stop the hurricane, I could save
Miguel and the others, but I had to give away something precious. Am I going to
lose Miguel?
Miguel: Let it go, Charity. I mean, you tried, but it doesn't look like it's
going to give you an answer.
Charity: You're right. You're right. I don't know why I thought that would
have worked.
Miguel: Come on.
Charity: Hold on. Miguel, Miguel, did you see the tree? The leaves are
rustling.
Miguel: That's weird. There's no wind.
Charity: I know. Something's happening.
Charity: You heard me. I know you did. If I'm going lose something precious,
please just tell me what it is.
Miguel: Hey, you know, it's probably just a breeze that we can't feel from
down here on the ground.
Charity: No. I was so sure that it was responding to me, that it was -- it
was coming to life, Miguel.
Charity: Oh, well. I tried, I guess.
Tree: Miguel -- Miguel --
Charity: Miguel, did you hear that?
Miguel: I didn't hear anything.
Charity: Oh, my God. It said your name, Miguel. It's you. I am going to lose
you.
Tabitha: It's about time something went our way.
Charity: It's just what I was afraid of, Miguel. In order to stop the
hurricane, I had to give you up.
Miguel: What are you talking about? I mean, I didn't hear a thing. It's
probably just your imagination reacting to the leaves rustling.
Charity: No. No, that's not what it is.
Tree: Miguel -- Miguel –
Ethan: So you don't mind that we can't get married as soon as we get back
home?
Theresa: No, not at all. No, of course you want to wait until your mother
gets out of the hospital.
Ethan: You're taking the delay awfully well.
Theresa: Ethan, I just think a day or two will help put some distance between
the bad things that have happened and the beginning of our new life together.

Ethan: Yeah, that's good, yeah. Just -- it's just for a second there that I
thought you might not want to marry me at all.
Theresa: Never. There is nothing I want more in the entire world than to be
your wife.
Luis: It's harder than I thought to leave the last place we were together. I
thought saying good-bye at your funeral was tough. This is worse.
Liz: Doc is on his way. He shouldn't be more than a few minutes.
Brian: I just hope it's not too late for her.
[Plane flies]
Brian: Another one of those charter jets heading home from a nice vacation in
Bermuda. Must be nice having that kind of money. Never have a thing to worry
about.
Luis: Good-bye, Sheridan. I'll always love you.


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 10/3/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Wednesday 10/3/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Sam: Eve thought it would give you hope if I told you about if we could&#39;ve
had a life together. I&#39;ll try again. Ivy, I -- I love Grace now. But you -- you
were my first love, and I&#39;ve never forgotten you. Your smile, your laugh, and
all the fun time we had together. If it helps that I talk about that and all the
love we shared, then -- then I will. What harm is there in.

David: Nothing matters more to me than your happiness, Grace, and for that
alone, I don&#39;t wish Sam and Ivy to be together. I know how much it would hurt
you. But if Sam has feelings for Ivy, if you&#39;re left with anything but all his
love, then I want to be the person to give you the love you deserve, the love
I&#39;ve had in my heart for you all these years.
Grace: Oh, David, I told you Sam doesn&#39;t love Ivy anymore.
David: Yeah, but what if he does? What if you&#39;re wrong? What if he still
loves her? What then?

Ethan: I&#39;m just so worried about mother. When I called on the plane, they
said she was still unconscious, but the doctors hope that me being here will
help her come around.
Luis: Well, good luck, Ethan. I hope Ivy&#39;s ok.
Ethan: Thanks. I just wish that I could be there to break the news to Pilar
about Sheridan.
Luis: Yeah. I know Sheridan&#39;s death is going to hit Mama really hard when --
I have a hard time even saying it, much less accepting it.
Theresa: I&#39;ll be there for you, Luis. You and Mama.
Ethan: I&#39;m going to find out what room my mother&#39;s in.
Theresa: Ok.
Luis: I really appreciate you being here, but I think you should go with
Ethan and his mom. All right? Especially now. He needs to know you&#39;re always
going to be there for him. You&#39;re going to be his wife.
Whitney: You know, Luis is right. I mean, you should be there if he ever were
to find out that you&#39;re married to Julian, all hell would break loose. And the
closer you are to him now, the more understanding he will be if, God forbid,
your secret does come out.
Theresa: you&#39;re thinking about Sheridan and what might&#39;ve been?
Luis: Yeah. It&#39;s like that preacher said at Sheridan&#39;s funeral -- &quot;loved ones
may die, but love always lives on.&quot; I&#39;ll always love Sheridan, dream about the
life we could&#39;ve had till the day I die.

Liz: She&#39;s a knockout.
Brian: What?
Liz: Your catch of the day. She&#39;s one pretty lady, and damn lucky you saved
her.
Doctor: Got here as soon as I could. Who&#39;s the patient?
Brian: Don&#39;t know doc. I caught her in my net a ways from shore. Didn&#39;t have
any I.D. on her. She&#39;s alive, but barely.
Liz: Brian and I did what we could till you got here.
Brian: Will she make it, doc? Will we ever find who she is?
Doctor: If we knew what happened to her -- how long was she in the water? We
might have a better idea what&#39;s wrong with her. Did you go for a swim? Get
caught in a riptide? Or were you on a boat -- get caught in that hurricane
maybe, hmm?
Brian: She was wearing a sarong when I found her, so she hadn&#39;t been
swimming. I put these clothes on her on the fishing boat.
Liz: Noble way to see her naked.
Brian: Down, Liz. I had a blanket over her the whole time to keep her warm.

Liz: Saving your body heat till she can enjoy it?
Doctor: You two sound like an old married couple.
Brian: Oh, no way. Liz here? She&#39;s married to her hotel.
Liz: Oh, which needs a slew of repairs after that hurricane blew through.
Brian: Yeah, and I&#39;ll get to them the way I always do.
Liz: Oh. Brian is slower than a sea turtle.
Doctor: Can you take it out in the hall, you two? I can&#39;t hear myself think.

Liz: That lady in there may be half-dead, but she&#39;s still the prettiest gal
you ever brought in here.
Brian: Yeah, and it thing I found her when I did because the captain -- he
didn&#39;t want to turn around and bring her back to shore. He&#39;s drunk as a skunk.
Anyway the bastard cared more about making his quota of fish than he did about
helping her out.
Liz: Typical for that pirate.
Brian: Yeah. Well, I couldn&#39;t just let her die, no matter who she turns out
to be.
Liz: You care about her, don&#39;t you, Brian? I thought so. Well, I hope she
lives so she can thank you for saving her life.

Sam: Ivy, please wake up. Do it for me. For our son, Ethan.

David: I don&#39;t want you to get hurt, Grace. But clearly, Sam still has
feelings for Ivy. I just want you to know whatever happens, you can count on me.

Grace: Sam is a decent, caring man. Eve asked him to try to save Ivy&#39;s life
by giving her hope. That&#39;s all that&#39;s happening.
David: Well, maybe that&#39;s the way it started. But as good as a man Sam is, we
both know there&#39;s something more than that going on in there.

Whitney: Chief Bennett is in there with your mom right now.
Theresa: I think that you should go in alone.
Ethan: Why?
Theresa: Ivy was so angry that the e-mail exposing her secret was sent to the
tabloid from my laptop.
Sam: I just don&#39;t want my being here to upset her when she comes to.
Ethan: Yeah, you&#39;re probably right. It&#39;s not the best time for a visit. Look
thanks for being here. You, too, Whit.
Theresa: Please, just let your mom know that there&#39;s a lot of people rooting
for her.
Ethan: I will.

Theresa: It&#39;s strange seeing Chief Bennet with Ethan&#39;s mother instead of
Julian.
Whitney: Yeah, well, I&#39;m just glad no one here at the hospital knows about
you marrying Mr. Crane. I mean, Ethan, his mom, Chief Bennett, Luis -- they
would all go completely crazy if they found out.
Theresa: Well, you know, we&#39;re the only two people here who know, and we&#39;re
not about to tell anyone.
Whitney: Come on.
Theresa: All right.

Grace: Theresa&#39;s here and she looks ok. Thank God Charity&#39;s premonition
didn&#39;t come true.
David: I&#39;m sorry? I lost you.
Grace: My niece Charity had a premonition that Theresa ruined her life by
getting involved with another man than Ethan. I should&#39;ve known it was too
farfetched to be true.

Pilar: Oh. Mijo, thank God you&#39;re home. Are you ok? You&#39;re not hurt, are you?

Luis: Hurt? Why would I be?
Pilar: Theresa -- where is she? Is your sister all right?
Luis: Theresa&#39;s fine. It&#39;s you I&#39;m worried about. What&#39;s going on?
Pilar: Where&#39;s Sheridan? She went home to rest after the airport, right? Oh,
dear God. Oh, please tell me she&#39;s ok. Please tell me that she&#39;s all right.
Pilar: What?
Luis: Sheridan&#39;s dead.
Pilar: Oh, God.
Hank: What?
Eve: Oh, my God. Oh, my God.

Sam: Ethan.
Ethan: How&#39;s she doing?
Sam: Not good. Ivy injured her spine when she fell after being struck by
lightning.
Ethan: Oh, my God.
Sam: The doctor won&#39;t know the full extent of her injuries until she wakes
up. The longer she remains unconscious, the worse it is for her.
Ethan: Well, isn&#39;t there something we can do? You know, call in a specialist?
Fly her to Boston?
Sam: Eve said medical science has done all it can. The rest is up to Ivy.
When this happened? We were on the navigation beacon.
Ethan: What?
Sam: The hurricane knocked out the beacon. I had to fix it so your half
sisters, Kay and Jessica, and their friends could be rescued from Warlock
Island. Ivy climbed up the ladder help me. When she was on the way down, she was
struck by lightning and fell.
Ethan: Sam, I know my mother, and she wouldn&#39;t just risk her life for those
kids -- I mean, not that she wouldn&#39;t. But she risked her life because she still
loves you. She never stopped. You know? All those years she was married to
Julian, never once did her passion and love for you waiver. I didn&#39;t know it
then, but I know it now. You and I are the two most important people in her
life. You know, and if she gets -- and when she gets better, she&#39;s going to need
us more than anything.

Luis: Then I heard Sheridan scream my name from inside the cabin. I was on my
way inside to see what was wrong, and the boat exploded.
Pilar: Madre de dios.
Luis: The next thing I know, these two fishermen were hauling me out of the
water. I kept jumping in. I was -- I was trying to find Sheridan. I couldn&#39;t.
The hurricane was blowing in, so they took me back to the shore. Then Chad,
Ethan, and I -- we went back out and looked for Sheridan.
Hank: In the hurricane?
Luis: Yeah. And it wasn&#39;t till after the storm had passed that shore patrol
found a body, oh, no.

Whitney: Well, everything hinges on Mr. Crane doing exactly as he promised
and getting the annulment. Because the sooner that --
Eve: Sweetheart.
Whitney: Hi.
Eve: Theresa. Oh, I&#39;m so glad you&#39;re back.
Theresa: Thanks.
Eve: What&#39;s this about Julian? Did something happen with Julian while you
were down there?
Whitney: Um –

Pilar: I&#39;m so sorry, Luis, so very sorry. Sheridan -- my God, she was like a
daughter to me. It meant so much to me that you were getting married. And may
God forgive me, but I had already begun to think about the grandchildren that
you would give me. And now this. My heart breaks for you, my son.
Luis: Mama.
Luis: You know, I&#39;m going to tell you something I haven&#39;t told anyone.
Pilar: What?
Luis: I know it sounds crazy, but I still think Sheridan&#39;s out there
somewhere. She&#39;s alive. In my head, I know it&#39;s impossible, but my heart keeps
telling me -- you know, my heart keeps telling me not to give up hope.

Liz: If the lady in there makes it, she is going to owe you big time.
Brian: Well, a lot of good it&#39;ll do me if she&#39;s already spoken for. Scratch
that. I just hope she makes it. So, how is she, doc?
Liz: And should I call Bermuda, have the hospital send a helicopter?
Doctor: There&#39;s no need for that, Liz.
Brian: Why? Are you saying she&#39;s not going to make it?
Doctor: Brian, relax. As far as I can tell, I think she&#39;s going to be just
fine.
Brian: Oh, you hear that, Liz? She&#39;s going to make it.
Liz: Well, you got your wish -- at least a part of it.
Doctor: Well, our mystery.
Liz: Now if we can just find out who she is and how she ended up in that
water.
Brian: Somebody somewhere must be looking for her, wondering where she is. No
way a beautiful woman like that was living life alone.
Doctor: If she wakes up before I get back, call me.
Liz: Oh, we will.
Doctor: In the meantime, keep a close eye on her.
Liz: No problem there. Right, Brian?
Doctor: Later, you two.
Liz: Bye, doc.
Brian: Yeah, thanks again for coming by.
Liz: Do you think you might take your eyes off our guest long enough for a
cup of coffee?
Brian: I suppose I could manage a cup.
Liz: She&#39;s got you, Brian -- hook, line, and sinker.

Eve: Well, I&#39;m waiting for an answer, girl did something happen with Julian
while you were in Bermuda?
Whitney: Well, we did have some dealings with Mr. Crane.
Eve: What kind of dealings?
Whitney: Theresa went to Bermuda to try to convince Mr. Crane to adopt Ethan.

Theresa: I just wanted to make up for all the trouble that I&#39;ve caused.
Eve: Is that all?
Theresa: Yes, Dr. Russell. Mr. Crane and I -- we just talked.
Eve: Hmm. Did you succeed?
Theresa: No. Things didn&#39;t work out at all.
Eve: Well, it was very courageous and kind of you to try and help Ethan. But
it was also very foolish. Julian Crane is not a man to be trusted. He is a user
-- a vile, corrupt man who only cares for himself. And women are not safe around
him, especially young, innocent girls like yourselves. Theresa, I could&#39;ve told
you that Julian wouldn&#39;t give you what you asked him for, he only cares about
himself.
Theresa: Yes, ma&#39;am.
Eve: Whitney --
Whitney: Yes, mom?
Eve: While I do admire your wanting to support Theresa and go down to Bermuda
to be with her, next time please check with me first.
Whitney: Mom.
Eve: Ok, girls. Well, come with me because you both look like you could use a
cup of coffee.

Pilar: I understand, mijo, you wanting to believe that Sheridan is still
alive. The reality of her death is just too painful to accept.
Luis: Last year when I thought Sheridan had been murdered, she came back. But
this time -- this time she was cremated.
Pilar: Oh, God.
Luis: I was there, Mama. I saw the funeral pyre. I have her ashes there&#39;s no
way she&#39;s coming back. For some reason, in my mind I keep thinking she&#39;s going
to reappear, that she&#39;s going to walk back into my life.
Pilar: Oh. What I would give for that. But, mijo, even if Sheridan survived
the explosion, there&#39;s no way she could&#39;ve survived the hurricane in the ocean.
That would be a true miracle, and as merciful as God is, he doesn&#39;t go around
dispensing miracles every day.

Ethan: Mother? I&#39;m here. Sam and I are both here for you.
Sam: Your mom risked her life to help me save the kids stranded on Warlock
Island, and I&#39;ll always be grateful to her for that. And I&#39;ll keep doing
whatever I have to help her through. But the bottom line -- I&#39;m not married to
her. I&#39;m married to Grace, and I&#39;ll never leave her for Ivy.
Ethan: I know. And mother knows it&#39;s over between you two, even though it&#39;s
hard for her to admit. So, I mean, if you&#39;re worried about her trying to win.
She gave up.
Nurse: You&#39;re Ivy&#39;s son, right?
Ethan: Yes. Yeah, I&#39;m Ethan Winthrop.
Nurse: As next of kin, you should have this.
Ethan: Next of kin?
Nurse: They&#39;re the personal effects we removed from your mother admitted to
the hospital.
Ethan: Yeah. Thanks.
Nurse: You&#39;re welcome. I&#39;ll be back to check on your mother soon.
Ethan: Mother&#39;s locket.
Sam: The one I gave her way back.
Ethan: Mother had the most expensive jewelry money could buy, and this was
her most prized possession -- this inexpensive locket with both of our pictures
in it.
Ethan: You know, after all this time, after everything that&#39;s happened she
never stopped wearing this. Maybe I was wrong, Sam. You know, maybe mother
having our pictures so close to her heart means she hasn&#39;t gotten over you or
the idea of us being a family. Mmm, what&#39;s this?


David: I&#39;ve always loved your strength, Grace, but you don&#39;t have to pretend
with me. I know how hard it is for you to see Sam and Ivy together, much less
have Theresa tell you that their son is with her now, too.
Grace: You know what? Sam and Ivy and Ethan should be together at a time like
this.
David: Right. The family that almost was -- and still might be.
Grace: Sam told me he doesn&#39;t have feelings for Ivy, and I believe him.
David: I know you want to, but I get the sense that since the accident,
everything&#39;s changed.
Grace: Well, you are wrong.
David: Look, if you want, I&#39;ll get Sam and I&#39;ll bring him here.
Grace: No. It&#39;s important that a father and son bond in a crisis situation.
And you know what? I&#39;m happy for Sam that he has a second son. He has Noah and
now he has Ethan, and I am happy for Ethan that he has a father like Sam.
David: You&#39;re not thinking about Sam and Ethan right now, are you? You&#39;re
thinking about the unborn son you lost.
Grace: I can&#39;t help but think of how things might&#39;ve been if I had had that
child.

Liz: Here you go, Brian. Extra high-octane. Figured you wouldn&#39;t be getting
much sleep tonight anyway.
Brian: You&#39;re right about that. Sleep can wait. It&#39;s not every day that I
cast out a fishing net and haul in a beautiful woman.
Liz: You know, Brian, Doc said he remembered a search going on for some
big-name somebody. What if our guest turns out to be an uptown girl? You know,
the kind that never looks you straight in the eye?
Brian: Well, I&#39;ll tell you what -- we&#39;ll just wait till she wakes up, I&#39;ll
look her straight in the eye and see if she looks back.
Liz: Hmm. What if doc&#39;s right? What if she turns out to be some big society
chick? She won&#39;t be around long enough for you to look her in the eye. Whoever&#39;s
looking for her is going to whisk her away.
Brian: Yeah. And I&#39;ll just spend the rest of my life wondering what might&#39;ve
been.

Luis: Maybe if everyone prayed for a miracle, God would bring Sheridan back
to me?
Pilar: Mijo, one can only hope.
Luis: I know two people who wouldn&#39;t pray for Sheridan -- Alistair and
Julian. They couldn&#39;t care less about her. Damn them. Damn them both. What right
do those two have to be alive when someone as good as Sheridan is dead?
Pilar: Don&#39;t, son. Don&#39;t speak of Julian and Alistair. Forget they even exist
they no longer matter to you.
Hank: Forgive me, Pilar, but I wonder if that&#39;s true.
Pilar: What do you mean, Hank?
Hank: I hate to ask you this, Luis, but are you sure that the right woman was
cremated?
Pilar: Por favor, Hank --
Hank: I&#39;m sorry, Pilar. I don&#39;t mean any disrespect. It&#39;s just that we know
that Julian and Alistair can&#39;t be trusted. I assume -- I assume you I.D.&#39;d the
body?
Luis: The body was too decomposed to make a positive I.D.
Hank: Then it&#39;s possible.
Luis: No. No, it isn&#39;t. I got a hold of Sheridan&#39;s dental records and
fingerprints. The resort doctor checked them against the body, and everything
matched.
Hank: Are you sure?
Luis: Ah. I double-checked everything myself.
Pilar: Then it was her. Sheridan is really dead.
Luis: Yeah. That&#39;s why it&#39;s going to take more than a miracle to bring
Sheridan back to me, at least in this life.
Pilar: Son, I said that God does not hand out miracles to everyone who asks,
but we know that from time to time he does bestow them.
Luis: Mama, what are you saying?
Pilar: I am saying, mijo, to go pray, Luis. Pray that God will work a miracle
with Sheridan. Hey, you never know. He may answer your prayer.

Sam: You&#39;re wrong about your mom hoping to rekindle what we had. I remember
it wasn&#39;t too long ago when all she talked about was the two of us getting back
together again. Man, that made me nuts. I don&#39;t know how many times I told Ivy
that was never going to happen. Then recently I think Ivy gave up trying to win
me back. I think she wears the locket more out of sentiment than hope that we&#39;ll
be a family.
Ethan: Yeah, well, mother&#39;s full of a lot of surprises these days. You hadn&#39;t
told me that she was climbing a ladder to help fix the beacon I wouldn&#39;t have
believed it. I mean, I never saw my mother climb a stool, a ladder, anything.

Sam: You know. I bet you didn&#39;t know that your mom was a star field hockey
player, captain of her college team.
Ethan: I remember her talking about it vaguely, but Julian just made his
usual disparaging remarks.
Sam: No wonder she shut down, closed in on herself. What a shame. I remember
when Ivy climbed a tree to try to hide from me. I looked everywhere, I couldn&#39;t
find her. She started laughing so hard that the limb she was on broke and she
fell right on top of me, man. I don&#39;t think we ever laughed so hard.
Ethan: That&#39;s unbelievable.
Sam: Yeah, she was.
Ethan: It sounds like you two had some really good times together.
Sam: Yeah. We had some great times.
Brian: You know, the doc could be right. You could be someone famous. But
that doesn&#39;t mean that you were happy. You could&#39;ve been running from something
or someone. I was never famous, but that doesn&#39;t mean that we couldn&#39;t have
something in common. Something that we could --
Liz: Doc&#39;s boat just pulled in.
Brian: I thought he wasn&#39;t supposed to come back until later.
Liz: Maybe he has news about our pretty lady.

Pilar: Oh, mija! Are you all right?
Theresa: I&#39;m so glad to be home, Mama.
Pilar: Oh, God. Nothing happened to you in Bermuda, did it?
Theresa: No. I came through the hurricane, Mama.
Pilar: That&#39;s not what I mean, mija.
Theresa: Just relax. There&#39;s nothing for you to worry about.
Pilar: I&#39;m sorry, mija, sorry. It&#39;s just that my nerves are just so raw. I
just -- first, Ethan&#39;s mother was struck by lightning, only to fall and injure
her spine. And then to hear about poor Sheridan. So it just -- it made me afraid
that maybe Charity&#39;s premonition had come true.
Theresa: What premonition, Mama?
Pilar: Charity -- she saw -- oh, God. She saw Luis and Sheridan in an
explosion with grave consequences.
Theresa: Oh, my God.
Pilar: And she had a premonition about you, too. But -- but you&#39;re ok, right?
You said nothing happened to you in Bermuda.
Theresa: What did she see, Mama? I&#39;m curious to know.
Pilar: She saw you -- she saw you drinking too much champagne, which led you
to get involved with a man who ripped you away from Ethan and ruined your life.
Oh, God. What is it? What&#39;s wrong? Is there something you&#39;re not telling me?
Theresa: No, Mama. Everything&#39;s --
Pilar: Do not -- do not lie to me, child. Did something happen in Bermuda?

Theresa: I can&#39;t tell you, Mama.
Pilar: Yes, you can, and you will. What happened?
Theresa: Just -- just let it go, ok?
Pilar: No! Teresita, I want the truth, or I will tell Ethan and Luis that
you&#39;re keeping secrets from them!
Theresa: No, Mama! Please, do not.
Pilar: Ok. This is your last chance. Out with it! What happened?
Theresa: All right, I&#39;ll tell you. What happened was terrible. It was the
worst night of my life.
Pilar: Oh, Theresa.

David: Listen, if you want to get something to eat, I could take you out for
a bite. Or if you want to go to Tabitha&#39;s, I could give you a ride. But if you
want to stay here, that&#39;s ok, too. I&#39;ll do whatever you want.
Grace: I want to go find Sam.
David: Sam is -- Sam is with Ivy and Ethan right now.
Grace: Yeah, I know.
David: Ok, I&#39;ll take you to see Sam. But I must warn you that you may be
upset by what you see. Sam, Ethan, and Ivy -- they&#39;re -- they&#39;re bonding right
now. They&#39;re doing what a family does in a crisis. You may feel a little left
out.
Grace: I don&#39;t know what to do, David.

Ethan: Sam, we got to help her, just let her know that we&#39;re pulling for her.

Sam: That&#39;s what I&#39;ve been trying to do.
Ethan: Yeah, but maybe the two of us could make a difference.
Ethan: Mother? Look, I&#39;m here. It&#39;s Ethan. I&#39;m here with -- with dad. We need
you to get better. Please come back to us.
Sam: The three of us are together now, Ivy, just the way you wanted you, me,
Ethan -- together. A family.

Doctor: Has our patient opened her eyes yet?
Brian: No, doc, she&#39;s still sleeping.
Liz: Did you remember the big-name somebody they were searching for?
Doctor: Hit me as soon as I left. That&#39;s why I came back. It&#39;s our lady
friend in there.
Brian: So, who is she, Doc?
Doctor: Brace yourself, Brian. The lady you plucked from the sea is none
other than Sheridan Crane.

Pilar: What happened in Bermuda? Is Charity&#39;s premonition true? Did you get
involved with another man?
Whitney: Oh, no. This is it for Theresa.
Theresa: Mama, it&#39;s all so complicated. I don&#39;t know where to start.
Pilar: Well, you think about it while I get Luis, and Charity&#39;s premonition
with you and another man!
Theresa: No, Mama, Luis will kill him!
Pilar: Oh, dear God. Oh, God. Then it&#39;s true. There was another man. Tell me
his name. Tell me his name!
Theresa: I only wanted to make things right for Ethan.
Pilar: Oh, God, no! No, Theresa, this cannot be!
Theresa: I&#39;m sorry. Mama, it was -- it was Julian Crane.
Pilar: Oh, God. Esto no puede ser!
Theresa: Mama, we did more than get involved, ok? We got married. I&#39;m Mrs.
Julian Crane. Mama!
Whitney: Oh, my gosh!
Theresa: Oh, my God! Please, it&#39;s ok, Mama.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 10/4/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 10/4/01





 Provided by Amanda
Proofread by Stephanie O.
Timmy: Here princess -- a nice, fresh batch of martimmys.
Tabitha: Oh, good thinking, Timmy. We'll have a lot to celebrate if that tree
out there is right.
Kay: Hey, Miguel, what's wrong with Charity?
Miguel: She's convinced she has to give me up.
Kay: Really? Why?
Charity: The tree on Warlock Island told me that I could stop the storm in
exchange for what I care for most.
Kay: Charity, I know you said a tree was talking to you on Warlock Island,
but -- ok. Why do you think its Miguel you have to give up?
Charity: Because I asked the tree, Kay, and it whispered &quot;Miguel.&quot;
Miguel: Look -- come here. Charity, it was just your imagination. I didn't
hear anything.
Charity: But I heard it, Miguel. Listen!
Kay: I don't hear anything.
[Charity sighs]
Miguel: All I hear are the leaves.
[Wind blows leaves]
Charity: Please tell me -- do I have to give up Miguel?
Liz: No way, doc. This woman is not a Crane.
Brian: And she is definitely not the Sheridan Crane. I scooped her out of the
sea in my fishing net.
Doc: That's right, and that's why I think we're looking at the Sheridan
Crane. I told you I heard about a big search going on for a woman lost at sea,
and then I remembered they were looking for Sheridan Crane, one of the richest
women in the world.
Liz: No. No way.
Brian: Sorry, doc, but you're wrong. This woman is not Sheridan Crane.
Julian: If I ever even think of going back to Bermuda again, I want you to
have me committed.
Man: Very good. Commit Julian.
Julian: Harper, that was a figure of speech. Don't get any ideas about
sending me off to the booby hatch.
Harper: Your father, Alistair, taught me to be literal when it comes to
protecting Crane interests.
Julian: I'm sure he did, which is exactly what I need from you -- protection
of Crane interests.
Harper: How can I help?
Julian: I need an annulment and fast.
Harper: An annulment? Bad news?
Julian: The worst. Why do you think I never want to set foot on Bermuda
again?
Theresa: Mama?
Whitney: Oh, my gosh.
Theresa: Mama? Please, wake up, mama.
Whitney: Oh, the poor thing. I can't believe you scared her to death by
telling her that you're married to Julian Crane.
Theresa: Whitney, I didn't mean to tell her, but I was scared. It just kind
of came out.
Whitney: What made her even start asking questions about it in the first
place, Theresa?
Theresa: She heard that Charity had a premonition about me.
Whitney: What kind of premonition?
Theresa: She said that Charity saw me drinking champagne with a man, a man
that wasn't Ethan. And she was -- she was afraid that something terrible had
happened to me.
Whitney: Well, something terrible did happen, Theresa -- you married Julian
Crane. I mean, no wonder she fainted.
Theresa: It's a terrible shock.
Whitney: Well, it's because she knows Julian is a pig. And if Ethan and Luis
find out you're married to Julian, they're going to kill the man. Oh, my gosh.

Luis: Theresa, what happened to mama?
Theresa: Luis --
Luis: Theresa, tell me what happened.
Theresa: Mama, please.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life.

Miguel: I don't hear anything, Charity.
Kay: Neither do I. Are you sure this tree said &quot;Miguel&quot;?
Charity: The tree on Warlock Island made it very clear to me. It said in
order to stop the storm, I had to give away what I cared for most. And what I
care for most is Miguel.
Miguel: Charity, you're not going to lose me. I'm never going to leave you. I
love you.
Kay: He's right, Charity. You're not going to lose him.
Tabitha: I don't understand why Kay is trying to be so good. Do you remember
the time when she Saluda in order to get Miguel away from and now she are
backing off from coming between them?
Timmy: Timmy's glad Kay is being good. Timmy can only deal with so much evil.

Tabitha: Oh, evil's what makes the world go round, Timmy. Without evil Julian
Crane, Sheridan would still be alive today. Hmm.
Julian: See, right after the divorce was final, I -- I got married again.
That's the marriage I want annulled.
Harper: You got married again?
Julian: Well, I'm sure it seemed like a grand idea at the time.
Harper: But your divorce from Ivy could've only been a few hours old. What in
the world would induce you to marry again so quickly?
Julian: Well, it's amazing how a few glasses of champagne and a beautiful
woman will want to make you stand before the justice of the peace and say, &quot;I
do.&quot;
Harper: Oh, I see. You were drunk.
Harper: You were drunk, you got married, and now you want an annulment.
Julian: That's right. You have the complete picture.
Harper: What about the woman -- is she in agreement?
Julian: You don't have to worry about her. She wants this over, too. But it's
very important that this remain very hush-hush. I want you to file the annulment
under &quot;John and Jane doe.&quot; Then I want you to fly down to Bermuda and destroy
all evidence of the wedding.
Harper: Destroy the evidence?
Julian: Yes. Steal the records, bribe officials, do whatever you must do, but
this wedding must be erased.
Harper: I understand. I'll take care of it.
Julian: Good. But, remember, this must remain very quiet especially from the
girl’s mother and her brother and her fiancé.

Luis: Why did she faint?
Theresa: I don't know, Luis. Just please --
Whitney: All of sudden, she just keeled over.
Luis: All right, well, let me see her. Mama? Mama, hey. Mama. It's me, Luis.
Hey, mama.
Pilar: Luis.
Luis: I'm here. Are you all right? What happened?
Pilar: Oh, Luis.
Theresa: It was Julian Crane.
Pilar: Oh, my gosh! No puede ser.
Theresa: Mama, we did more than get involved, ok? We got married. I'm Mrs.
Julian Crane.
Luis: Stay with her, all right? I'm going to go get some water.
Theresa: Ok.
Whitney: Ok, we will.
Ethan: Yeah. I'll go get a nurse to check her out.
Whitney: Thank you.
Theresa: Are you all right, mama?
Pilar: I'm fine, Theresa. Did you tell Luis and Ethan about this disaster?

Theresa: Mama, I can’t. No, no no, please --
Whitney: Wait, wait -- no, no, no!
Theresa: Mama, don’t.
Whitney: You should sit still.
Theresa: You me again, mama. Let's wait for the nurse, please.
Whitney: Just a few more minutes, ok?
Pilar: I am all right! Now, we have to get Luis home because when he hears
that you married Julian Crane, he will want to hunt him down and kill him like a
dog.
Theresa: Oh.
Pilar: I'm fine.
Theresa: Oh, mama.
Liz: You're wrong, doc. This can't be Sheridan Crane. Though it would've made
a great story if it was.
Doc: Not to mention the hefty reward the Crane family would've handed you,
Brian.
Brian: Yeah. But that's not going to happen. See, if this woman had been
Sheridan Crane, she would've been out on a big yacht with a big crew. Now, there
was no evidence of any boat like that going
Doc: But that's not what I heard.
Liz: What'd you hear?
Doc: I took a packet boat over to the main island to get supplies after the
hurricane, and everyone was talking about Sheridan Crane and her fiancé and how
they were out in a boat by themselves, no crew. And just after they passed the
barrier reef, their boat exploded. Her fiancé managed to make it back to shore
and put together a search party. They went back out in the middle of the
hurricane, and they never found her. But you did, Brian. You pulled her out of
your net and saved Sheridan Crane's life.
Harper: You married Pilar's daughter? She's just a child.
Julian: Oh, she's old enough. But that's beside the point. It was a mistake,
so you can see why I want this annulment done ASAP.
Harper: Indeed, I can. Her brother Luis has a vendetta against you and your
father ever since his father disappeared years ago. He'll tear you apart over
this.
Julian: That's why I'm paying you the big bucks to take care of this matter.
You must get rid of the evidence, damn it!
Harper: I'll take care of it, Julian. I don't want this public any more than
you do. This could cause a lot of trouble in the family. What did Alistair say
about it?
Julian: By some miracle, he doesn't know. Neither does Rebecca. And, of
course, she wanted to get married in Bermuda. But I managed to put her off with
the promise of a lavish ceremony back here in Harmony.
Harper: Knowing Rebecca, she'll hold you to that promise.
Julian: Yes, I know. That's why I want this annulment immediately.
Harper: I'll get on it right away. Oh, by the way, I got a message from
Alistair earlier.
Julian: Hmm. What did he want?
Harper: Apparently Ivy has become somewhat of a local heroine by fixing the
signal beacon during the hurricane. He wants you to go to the hospital and pay
her a visit.
Julian: He what?
Brian: If she and her fiancé&nbsp;were alone on the boat, then that would explain
why I didn't see any sign of a crew.
Liz: And she has those lovely manicured nails that an heiress might have.
She's certainly beautiful enough to be a movie star. Just a second. I just
remembered something.
Doc: What?
Liz: Years ago when I lived in the states, I remember seeing a picture of
Sheridan Crane and her brother. Their mother had just died. And I remember
thinking how sad that little girl looked and how I wouldn't trade places with
her for all the money in the world.
Brian: Well, does this woman look like the child you saw?
Liz: Oh, brain, I can't be sure. I mean, it was years ago and she was just a
child.
Brian: You know, now that you mention it, I remember seeing a news clip on TV
years back about Sheridan Crane, but I --
Doc: Well, is this the woman you saw on TV or not?
Theresa: Are you sure that you're all right, mama?
Pilar: How can I be all right when you give me this horrible news? Teresita,
it's like a knife in my heart to think of you with that -- that pig. And I am
terrified of what Luis will do when he finds out.
Whitney: He's going to want to kill him.
Theresa: If Ethan doesn't kill him first.
Pilar: They would both be justified. Oh, I could kill him myself. How, mija?
How in the world did this happen?
Theresa: It was a terrible mistake. I went to Bermuda to talk to Julian,
mama, to try to convince him to take Ethan back into the family.
Pilar: That was your first mistake. Listen to me, Theresa -- there is no way
that Julian will take Ethan back as his son.
Theresa: Oh, mama, I know that now. But I thought that I could convince him.
He -- he kept pouring champagne into my glass.
Pilar: He got you drunk. He got you drunk, and then he talked you into
marrying him.
Whitney: That's about it in a nutshell, right?
Pilar: That man is despicable! But you, Teresita -- you -- I am so furious
with you. How could you be so naive? How many times have I warned you to stay
away from Julian Crane?
Theresa: I know. Mama, I never dreamed that any of this would happen.
Pilar: Shh. What's done is done. I will deal with Julian later. Right now we
have to figure out what to tell Luis when he comes back.
Theresa: Oh, mama, we can't tell Luis anything -- or Ethan. I mean, mama,
they will go after Julian, and they will spend the rest of their lives in
prison.
Whitney: For the first time, I agree with Theresa. Ok, it would be disastrous
if Ethan and Luis knew what was going on.
Pilar: Your brother -- he's going to want to know why I fainted. And he'll
dig it out of me, Teresita.
Theresa: Mama, Julian -- he's working on getting us an annulment. It'll be
like it never happened. Oh, we don't need to tell Ethan or Luis.
Pilar: Oh, my God. That doesn't solve our problem right now, does it? Now,
they are coming back, and they are going to know why I fainted.
Theresa: Well, we could just -- we can come up with some kind of excuse.
Pilar: Really? An excuse? What kind of excuse, Teresita? Luis will see right
through it.
Theresa: Please think of something, Whitney.
Whitney: I'm trying. I can't think of anything.
Charity: I know the two of you are trying to make me feel better, really, but
it's not just about what the tree said. I had another premonition of losing you,
too, Miguel.
Miguel: I know what you're thinking, Charity. Now, you had a vision of me
making love to Kay, but that is never going to happen. I love you. And Kay is
never going to take me away from you. I mean, Kay doesn't even want me, do you,
Kay?
Kay: No. Of course not.
Miguel: You see, Charity? All right. Your premonition is wrong. There's
nothing to be afraid of.
Charity: I hope you're right. I hope you're right. And not just about us, but
all the other premonitions I had on that island.
Miguel: Believe me, Charity, this time your premonitions are wrong.
Tabitha: That Miguel is such a naive young man. He has no idea that Charity's
premonition has already come true. And when the news comes out that my
prediction came true --
Timmy: Tabby's prediction?
Tabitha: Yes, you remember. When I posed as the fortuneteller, I told Theresa
that one day she would be Mrs. Crane.
[Disguised voice] I can see your life -- your past, your present, and your
future.
Theresa: I want to believe you so much, but I'm trying to be mature.
Tabitha: Think about it, Theresa. Either I'm very good at making wild guesses
or I'm telling you the truth. And you'll live in a mansion as Mrs. Crane.
[Normal voice] and now she is Mrs. Crane. The trouble is she married the
wrong Crane. Oh, that news is going to rock this tiny town to its core.
Timmy: But Theresa loves Ethan so much. She's going to be so unhappy.
Tabitha: Of course she will! Pain and suffering will consume everyone. And
the best of it is Luis is going to kill Julian.
[Tabitha chuckles]
Luis: Mama -- here. Drink this.
Pilar: Thank you, mijo.
Ethan: The nurse will be here in a minute.
Pilar: No nurse, please. I don't want to take them away from their duties.
I'm all right.
Ethan: Are you sure?
Pilar: Yes, I'm fine. Thank you, Ethan.
Luis: Mama, you look as pale as a ghost. Now, are you sure you don't want a
nurse to look after you?
Pilar: I'm sure, son.
Luis: Ok. We all know not to argue with mama.
Ethan: Well, I'll go tell the nurse there's a false alarm.
Luis: Mama, what happened? It's not like you to faint.
Pilar: I -- I -- I really don't know, son.
Theresa: It was the heat. It's -- it's so warm in here. It must've been -- it
must've been the heat.
Pilar: No. I mean, I don't know. I guess it's possible it could've been the
heat.
Luis: I know what it was. It wasn't the heat. I know exactly what made you
faint.
Doc: Well, do you recognize her as the woman you saw in the news clip?
Brian: You know, I can't be positive. Sheridan Crane -- she was wearing dark
glasses and her face was half-covered by a wide-brimmed hat. Yeah. You know, but
it could be the same woman. What we should do is go through the shed and find
all those old magazines. There's got to be a picture of Sheridan Crane in there
somewhere.
Doc: I doubt it. The Cranes are very publicity shy. They rarely let their
pictures be published. But based on everything we know, I'm more convinced than
ever that this is the Sheridan Crane.
Liz: Wait, I have an idea. The Cranes live in a town called Harmony in New
England. Why don't we call them, see if they can fax us a recent picture of
Sheridan.
Doc: That way we'll know for sure if this is Sheridan.
Liz: Yeah.
Brian: Yeah. Wouldn't it be great if we could tell Sheridan Crane's fiancé
that the woman he loves is still alive?
&gt;&gt; (Announcer): The debate over sex education in the classroom drags on.
Although most kids do learn about sex in school, it's not necessarily in the
classroom.
Liz: That's right, Harmony. The Crane family. Oh, all right. No, I'll take
it.
Doc: Any luck?
Liz: All right, thanks a lot. Well, I have the number for Crane industries.
It's the only number that's listed.
Brian: If that woman is Sheridan Crane, her fiancé is not going to be the
only one in Harmony surprised to find out she's still alive.
Liz: Yeah. Her whole family is in for the surprise of their life.
Brian: That's one thing I don't understand, though. You'd think the Cranes,
with all their power and money -- you'd think they would've used it to find her.
I mean, why did they give up the search?
Doc: There's no point in trying to second-guess one of the richest families
in the world.
Liz: I agree. Here, Brian. You make the call. I'm sure when they hear what
this is about, they're going to put you right through to Julian Crane.
Doc: The Cranes are in for a shock. Go on, my boy, make the call.
Harper: Here. And after you've seen Ivy, there's a reporter waiting for you
in the lounge.
Julian: A reporter?
Harper: To interview you about your concern for your former wife.
Julian: All right, I’ll play along with this charade. Why can't I ever catch
a break? Why couldn't the lightning have just done its job and reduced her to
ashes? She'd be out of my life forever.
Harper: Julian, go. And try to look concerned.
Ivy: Sam? Is that you?
Ethan: Luis, you know what caused Pilar to faint?
Luis: I think I do. I should've realized it before. You're grieving over
Sheridan’s death. To hear that she died must've been a horrible shock to you.

Pilar: Mijo.
Luis: Mama, it's all right.
Pilar: She was like a daughter to me.
Ethan: We know you loved Sheridan, Pilar.
Pilar: Yes, I did. I practically raised her, and I just -- I can't believe
she's gone.
Luis: Neither can I. Even after we had all the proof when the dental records
and fingerprints matched the body, even after she was cremated, I kept hoping
some sort of miracle would happen and it was all a terrible mistake.
Pilar: My poor Sheridan.
Luis: Hey, at least Theresa’s home safe and sound.
Pilar: Yes. Thank God. I had such crazy fears when I heard about Charity's
premonitions.
Luis: What premonitions? What'd Charity say this time?
Pilar: Nothing, son. Really, it was silly. I never believed it could happen,
anyway.
Luis: Yeah. You never know with Theresa. She's so impetuous. At least you're
home safe and sound.
Ethan: She should've never gone down there in the first place.
Luis: No, she shouldn't have. It's crazy to think you'd get anything decent
out of Julian. The man's a pig.
Theresa: I know, Luis. It was a stupid idea.
Luis: You just stay away from him, you understand? We all know what kind of
man he is. I swear, if he ever touched a hair on your head, I’d kill him.
Pilar: Listen, mijo, doesn’t carry this hatred of Julian in your heart.
Hatred can destroy you, and I can't bear to think of my son destroyed because of
Julian Crane.
Luis: Why should I stop hating him? I know that he and Alistair are behind
papa's disappearance. One day I'm going to prove it.
Pilar: Luis --
Luis: And the way that he treated Sheridan, his own sister? He never loved
her or cared for her or treated her like a brother should've. And he didn't try
and stop Alistair from shipping her off to Europe after her mother died.
Pilar: Well, he couldn't have stopped Alistair, even if he wanted --
Luis: Well, he could've tried. He certainly tried hard enough to keep me and
Sheridan apart. I'm sorry, mama. I'm not going to stop hating Julian Crane.
Theresa: Luis -- I mean, at least he -- he arranged a decent funeral for
Sheridan.
Luis: He was probably just happy to get rid of her.
Pilar: Luis, mijo --
Luis: It's true. Julian is the one who should've died. The world would be a
much better place.
Pilar: Listen to me, son -- follow your own advice and stay away from Julian
Crane.
Luis: All right. Now that Sheridan’s gone, there's no reason for me to ever
see his face again.
Theresa: I hope you're right, Luis.
Ethan: And there's certainly no reason for you to ever come in contact with
him again, Theresa.
Luis: Absolutely not. I know I won't try and see him ever again. Sheridan was
the only one who could ever keep me calm when he got in my face. She's gone now.
I'm going to go to the chapel. I'm just thankful he was smart enough never to
lay a hand on you. Because I swear I would've killed him.
Julian: Well, I always wondered what would happen if you turned one of these
babies off.
[Machine hums]
Ivy: whose -- Julian?
Julian: I wasn't doing anything. I was just curious.
Ivy: What are you doing here?
Julian: I came to pay my respects to the heroine of Harmony. It has such a --
a much nicer ring than your old nickname -- the whore of Harmony.
Ivy: Julian, get -- get -- get out.
Nurse: What happened?
Julian: I have no idea. I was simply complimenting her on her heroism. I --

Nurse: You'd better go.
Julian: Gladly.
Doc: What's wrong, Brian? Why don't you make the call?
Liz: I think I know. You thought Neptune tossed up the woman of your dreams,
didn't you? Now you're afraid to find out the truth, right?
Brian: I can't deny it. It's not realistic for a woman as beautiful as
Sheridan to even give a guy like me a second look.
Liz: I'll tell you what -- you can console yourself with that big old reward
they're bound to offer you.
Brian: No, I'm not going to be taking a reward, Liz.
Doc: What?
Liz: Brian O’Leary, please don't tell me you'd turn down a reward from the
Cranes.
Brian: That's right. I will not take a reward for saving a woman's life.
Liz: Well, then, you're crazy. Those people are filthy rich. You could buy
your own boat. You could pay me for the tab you've run up here.
Doc: She's right, Brian. Why continue working for other captains just barely
scraping by?
Liz: You'd be crazy to turn down that money.
Brian: Are you two angling to get me killed here?
Tabitha: Oh, dear. Here comes Kay. Quick. Let's get out of sight. We don't
want her to know that we've been eavesdropping. Hurry, Timmy.
Kay: How weird.
[Kay laughs]
Kay: Reese and his crazy ideas. He almost had me believing that stupid doll
is alive. What -- where did he go? Tabitha probably just picked him up when my
back was turned.
Tabitha: Shh, Shh, Shh. Not a sound, Timmy. I don't want Kay to know we're in
the house.
Timmy: Tabby, look -- the red light and the smoke are gone.
Tabitha: You're right. Oh, that's a good sign, Timmy. It always means trouble
when our friends in the basement get excited and want us to pay them a visit.

Timmy: Timmy would be happy never to be called to the basement again.
Tabitha: I wouldn't worry about it if I were you, Timmy. I think things are
finally going our way. Charity is obviously going to give up Miguel, which means
she will never realize her full powers. And I think our friends in the basement
have forgotten all about us.
Timmy: Good. That's the kind of news Timmy likes.
Tabitha: We have to find a place, a really good place where we can listen in
to Miguel and charity.
Kay: Miguel --
Miguel: What is it, Kay? What's wrong?
Kay: Sheridan's dead.
Miguel: What?
Kay: It says she was on a boat in Bermuda and it exploded.
Charity: Oh, my God!
Miguel: I can't believe it. My brother and Sheridan were going to be married.

Kay: I know, Miguel. I'm --I'm so sorry.
Charity: Oh, my God!
Miguel: Poor Luis.
Charity: This is exactly what I saw in my premonition, Miguel! This is --
Sheridan Crane died in a boat explosion! What if all my premonitions come true?

Miguel: No, no, Charity. It is just a coincidence. Theresa came home with
Luis and Ethan, and she's fine. Nothing bad happened to her in Bermuda.
Charity: But what if that's not true? What if we don't know that, just like
we didn't know about this? What if all my premonitions come true, Miguel?
Tabitha: I must say, Charity's powers are very impressive.
Timmy: She's batting 1.000 so far.
Tabitha: Yes. Fortunately for us, they're the only powers she'll ever have.

Timmy: As long as Miguel and Charity don't make love.
Tabitha: Precisely.
Timmy: Uh-oh. Timmy thinks Tabby spoke too soon.
Tabitha: Why? What is it? What's wrong?
Voice: Tabitha! Come to the basement! And bring Timmy!
Pilar: Do you see what you've done? How angry Luis and Ethan are? If they go
to prison because of killing Julian, it will be on your head, Theresa. How --
how in the world did you marry Julian Crane?
Theresa: Mama, it was a mistake. I was drunk. And I thought that it was
Ethan.
Pilar: Drunk. What were you thinking, Theresa?
Theresa: I don't know, mama. All I could think of was Ethan. Ethan is the man
that I want to marry.
Pilar: You, my child, have done so many, many stupid things, but this is the
worst -- allowing yourself to be married to that animal! Thank God it's only a
wedding ceremony and it can be annulled, I guess. It was just a wedding
ceremony, wasn't it, Teresita? Nothing more than a -- a piece of paper, right?

Theresa: It was a little more than that.
Pilar: What are you saying to me, Theresa?
Whitney: You better tell her everything, Theresa.
Pilar: What? There's more? There's more to tell me?
Theresa: I found out that I married Julian when I woke up in the morning and
saw a ring on my finger. And Julian was in bed with me.
Pilar: Stop. Stop. Oh, God. Oh, God.
Julian: Oh, I'm sorry. I was looking for a reporter. I didn't mean to
interrupt. I'll look elsewhere.
Pilar: You --
Theresa: No, Mama, please!
Pilar: You bastard!
Luis: I don't know how to do this. Lord, in my head, I know that Sheridan is
gone. I know her soul's with you. In my heart, I -- I just keep praying for her
to come back to me. Mama says that it's wrong to bargain with you. But if you
bring Sheridan back to me, I’ll do anything that you ask. I love her so much. I
can't live without her. Please, God, bring Sheridan back to me. Please.
Brian: Liz, do I have to remind you that if I took money for saving someone's
life that the next time I go out to sea I could lose my own?
Doc: He's right, Liz. It's bad luck to take money for saving someone's life
at sea.
Liz: Well, I am just as superstitious as you are. I just don't think it
applies to people as wealthy as the Cranes. After all, they can afford it.
Brian: It's not going to happen, and that's that. End of discussion.
Liz: Fine. But reverse the charges when you make that phone call.
Brian: You know, Liz, you're not as tough as you'd like everyone to think
that you are. Why, just a minute ago, you were talking about how touched you
were when you saw that picture of poor little, rich Sheridan Crane.
Liz: Well, it was the saddest thing I'd ever seen in my life. At least now
she has a fiancé&nbsp;who loves her.
Brian: You're right. Someone in Harmony is going to be very happy to find out
that Sheridan is still alive. This is a huge putt for Young Wong ate. Then what?
Kill. &nbsp;
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 10/5/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 10/5/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Liz: What’s wrong?
Brian: Come on, Julian Crane’s going to laugh me off the phone.
Doc: Why do you say that, Brian?
Brian: Like he’s really going to believe that I was on a fishing trawler and
hauled his sister out of the sea.
Doc: Why wouldn’t he believe it?
Brian: Because he must get umpteen calls a day from con men trying to scam
him out of his millions. Like he’s really going to believe that I saved his
sister, Sheridan Crane, one of the richest women in the world.
Doc: You're not making any sense. His sister was reported missing at sea down
here. There was a search for her, and her fiancé&nbsp;--
Liz: Doc, doc, that’s not what’s going on. Brian here thought he caught
himself a mermaid, the girl of his dreams.
Brian: That’s not it.
Liz: Of course it is! Come on, you're smitten, and you'd better get yourself
unsmitten because if that girl is Sheridan Crane, then she belongs with her
family and her fiancé.
Doc: Undoubtedly, the Cranes will fax us a photo of Sheridan, and then we'll
know for sure.
Brian: All right. You're right. I guess I just have to face the inevitable. I
mean, come on, a beautiful woman like Sheridan Crane -- she wouldn’t want to
spend her life with a guy like me.

Luis: I love Sheridan. She’s everything to me. I can’t live without her. I
know I’m asking for a miracle. Just please bring Sheridan back to me. Please.
Ethan: Hey, Luis.
Luis: Hey. How’s Ivy doing?
Ethan: Better. At least she is right now. He gave her a sedative.
Luis: A sedative? I thought she was barely conscious.
Ethan: Julian came in and got her upset. You know, why did I never see it?
You know, why did I never see what an insensitive lowlife Julian was?
Luis: You thought he was your father.
Ethan: Well, thank God he isn’t. Thank God he isn’t married to my mother
anymore. I can’t believe him. My mother has a terrible fall after being struck
by lightning. Does Julian give a damn? No.
Luis: What do you expect? He didn’t even mourn for Sheridan, his own sister.
I’m telling you, one of these days Julian’s going to find himself in a situation
that he can’t snake his way out of. When that day comes, he’s going to wish he
was never even born.

Theresa: I found out that I married Julian when I woke up in the morning and
-- and saw a ring on my finger. And Julian was in bed with me.
Pilar: No, God! Stop, Theresa.
Julian: Oh, sorry. I was looking for a reporter. I didn’t mean to interrupt.
I’ll look elsewhere.
Theresa: Wait, no, Mama!
Pilar: You bastard! You defiled my daughter! You took her virginity! You
ruined her! That’s the ultimate sin!
Julian: Ow!
Pilar: I should tear your eyes out!
Julian: No!
Pilar: Oh, you son of a bitch!
Julian: Oh! Ow!

Demon: Come to the basement, Tabitha and Timmy! We want you now!
Timmy: Why are Timmy and Tabby being summoned to the basement?
Tabitha: Your guess is as good as mine, lad.
Timmy: But things were just going so well for Timmy and Tabby. They were just
celebrating with a pitcher of marTimmys.
Tabitha: Yes, and we had every reason to. Charity’s about to lose Miguel,
which means that she'll lose her powers, which in turn means that she'll never
be able to destroy you and me. That’s -- that’s why I don’t understand why our
friends in the basement want us to go downstairs.
Demon: Now! Come to the basement now!
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life
Demon: Descend, Tabitha and Timmy! Descend!
Tabitha: Oh, our friends in the basement are calling us to account. And
they're impatient, too. They think we should be rid of Charity by now.
Timmy: Well, Tabby knows how Timmy feels about that.
Tabitha: Yes, I know -- you're happy we failed.
Timmy: Timmy doesn’t want Charity to die. Timmy just feels that Tabitha’s
friends might be a tad bit annoyed.
Tabitha: My friends? Are you selling me out already?
Timmy: It’s just that Timmy’s saying that princess better come up with a good
excuse, and fast.
Tabitha: But what can I say to defend myself? I’ve been outwitted time and
time again by the forces of good. Our friends in the basement will never
understand that, Timmy -- never, never! We're doomed!
Demon: Descend! Descend!

Luis: I just don’t get what goes on inside the head of a man like Julian.
Does anything matter to him?
Ethan: Money, power, lording it over other people. Doing whatever he wants
and getting away with it. That’s all that matters to Julian.
Luis: Scum.
Ethan: You know, a while ago -- a long while ago -- I thought I got a glimpse
of a -- of a kinder Julian.
Luis: Julian, kind?
Ethan: Yeah, well, it was a momentary thing, believe me.
Luis: Mm-hmm.
Ethan: He quickly reverted to the cold-hearted Julian, unfeeling, willing to
do whatever would benefit him. But, you know, I -- I loved him. And you'd think
your father would love you, too. But I think Julian is incapable of love.
Luis: Hey, I’m sorry you had to grow up with him. I don’t know how you and
Sheridan did it. Alistair and Julian raising you, telling you what to do.
Ethan: You know, I was the lucky one. As it ended up, I don’t have any Crane
blood in these veins. But Sheridan -- I don’t know how she put up with it. I
don’t know how she made it.
Luis: I just wish I could see her, hear her voice, see her smile one last
time.
Ethan: Yeah. Yeah, I know. I miss her, too.
Luis: I guess I should be grateful for the time that we had together. It’s
just not enough. I’m selfish. I want more. I want her back.

Brian: Hello. Can I speak to Julian Crane?
Harper: Well, this is Mr. Crane’s attorney, Mr. Harper. Your call came
through to my office. To whom am I speaking, please?
Brian: Brian O’Leary.
Harper: And this is in reference to what?
Brian: It’s about his sister, Sheridan.
Harper: What about her?
Brian: Well, I think I should talk to Mr. Crane himself.
Harper: I can’t give out his private number to someone I’ve never heard of.
Now if you'll tell me exactly what this is about --
Brian: Look, friend, if I don’t get through to Julian Crane, I’m going to go
to all the TV networks and all the newspapers with the information. And when I
do, it’s going to look like Julian Crane doesn’t give a damn about his sister.
Harper: Very good. I’ll give you his cell phone number.
Brian: All right, fine, hold on one second. Let me grab a pen. Ok, Mr.
Harper, shoot.
Brian: Thank you very much.
Liz: Does anyone ever say no to you?
Brian: Not when it’s something that I really want.
Harper: That last call -- where did it come from? I see. Thank you, Judy.
What more havoc have you wrought in Bermuda, Julian?

Pilar: You're filth, Julian!
Theresa: Mama, no!
Pilar: Dirty filth!
Theresa: Mama, wait!
Pilar: Let me go so I can take care of this animal!
Julian: Please have mercy!
Pilar: You are a vile human being, Julian Crane!
Whitney: Pilar!
Pilar: You're rotten to the core! How dare you do this to my daughter, to my
baby!
Theresa: Please, let him go!
Pilar: Not until he’s paid!
Julian: What have you told her? Oh, my God, that was a secret! Have you lost
your mind?
[Theresa and Whitney scream]
Julian: My God, has the world gone mad? It wasn’t my fault. I didn’t take
Theresa down to Bermuda. She flew down on her own. She -- she insisted I talk to
her. She wanted me to take Ethan back into the Crane family. We had a few
drinks. She didn’t object, and the next thing I knew --
Pilar: You swine! You don’t deserve to live in decent society!
Eve: Pilar, Pilar!
Julian: That’s right! Get her off me!
Pilar: Let me go, Eve!
Eve and Whitney: No!
Julian: Oh, dear God, I’m bleeding! She’s disfigured me!
Eve: Julian, go to my office!
Julian: I’m losing blood!
Eve: Now! Go now and I’ll take care of you!
Julian: Oh, oh.
Whitney: No! No!
Eve: What is happening here, Pilar? What is going on?
Pilar: I’ll kill him.

Liz: Now what’s wrong?
Brian: Nothing. I’m thinking.
Liz: Oh, Brian, what’s to think about? Make the phone call. Listen; if that
girl you fished out of the ocean is indeed the heir to the Crane fortune, you
stand to make a bundle.
Doc: Her fiancé&nbsp;would give anything to get her back. Scuttlebutt on Bermuda
has it that the man was devastated when he made it back to shore and found she
hadn’t.
Liz: Yeah, and he went back out after her.
Doc: Into the teeth of the hurricane. He wouldn’t give up. That’s real love
for you.
Brian: Yeah, and I can understand why her fiancé&nbsp;did it. Any man would for a
woman like her.
[Phone rings]
Liz: Maybe it’s Julian Crane.
Doc: Could he have tracked you down, Brian?
Brian: Hello? Yeah, hold on one second. It’s one of your suppliers.
Liz: Thanks.
Brian: I’m going to go check on Sheridan, or whoever she is.

Eve: Pilar, are you all right?
Pilar: God. I never realized how much I could hate one human being, how much
anger I had inside me.
Eve: Well, what’s going on? I mean, why were you hitting Julian? Not that he
doesn’t deserve to be hit, but why now? What happened? Well, honey, Theresa’s
right here. I mean, and she’s fine. I can see that. So Charity’s premonition
about something bad happening to Theresa -- it’s not going to come true. Pilar,
I talked to the girls and they told me that everything was fine and Theresa had
only talked to Julian and nothing happened. So what brought you to this? Will
somebody please tell me what’s going on?
Pilar: Oh, my poor baby.
Eve: Oh.
Pilar: All the others are just pure evil. I’ve seen them through the years,
Alistair and Julian. Oh, wicked men, those two. Alistair’s so ruthless, and
Julian with his maids. I would see him chasing them down the hallways --
actually chasing them. And some didn’t need to be chased. And now to think that
Theresa could be down there with Julian -- oh, my God!
Eve: Oh, my -- Julian seduced Theresa?

Demon: Descend!
Descend!
Timmy: What -- what -- what are Timmy and Tabby going to do?
Tabitha: Maybe we could -- we could go downstairs and -- and plead for more
time.
Timmy: Go down there?
Tabitha: Well, we could explain to our friends that -- that without my
powers, I haven’t had the necessary means to destroy good.
Timmy: Tabby hasn’t even put a dent in it.
Tabitha: I’ll tell them I’ll try harder in the future.
Timmy: That -- that’s it? That’s Tabby’s whole defense, &quot;try harder&quot;?
Tabitha: Yes, well, it does sound rather lame, doesn’t it?
Timmy: Lame? Timmy would rather be stuck in a cave with ax-wielding Norma
than go down there with Tabby and hear her give her cockamamie excuse!
Tabitha: Oh, I’m sure you're right, Timmy. I can only imagine what will
happen to us down there.
Demon: You have failed miserably! You let the forces of good prevail!
Tabitha: I tried to kill charity; really I did -- several times!
Demon: And failed!
Timmy: It isn’t her fault! You took her powers away from her! What do you
expect?
Tabitha: Please. All I need is a little more time.
Demon: Time has run out!
Tabitha: I know I can kill Charity, but I need time!
Demon: It’s over! And now you will pay the ultimate price for your failure!
You will go back to the beginning!
Tabitha: Oh, no! No, not that! No, don’t send us back to the beginning!
Timmy: What’s that, princess? What’s he talking about? What’s the beginning?
Tabitha: It’s the end for us, lad. The beginning is the end for us.
Timmy: This is no time for a Zen riddle, princess!
Tabitha: Oh, oh! Oh, no!
Timmy: What’s going on?
Tabitha: Oh! Oh, it’s the vortex, Timmy! We're trapped in the vortex! Oh!
Timmy: No!
Tabitha: Oh, no, no!
Timmy: Ah!
Timmy: If that’s what’s waiting for Timmy and Tabby in the basement, then
Timmy’s out of here!
Tabitha: Wait for me! Wait for Tabby!
Demon: You will obey! You will obey!

Brian: Maybe you are Sheridan Crane and you do have a fiancé, a man who loves
you more than life itself. But I’d give anything if you were a mermaid who just
came up out of the sea to steal my heart. I could live for the rest of my life
on this island with you and be the happiest man in the world.
Brian: Mrs. O’Leary.
Sheridan: Brian!
Brian: I have been dreaming of doing that since the moment I left the dock.
Sheridan: Oh, what are you doing here? I wasn’t expecting you until tomorrow.
Brian: Well, we got lucky and we ran into a school of albacore and we filled
the whole boat within the first six hours. This one catch could last us through
the whole season.
Sheridan: You mean you won’t have to go out again?
Brian: Might even be able to take the boat out of the water.
Sheridan: That’s wonderful because I can’t stand being away from you for just
one day even.
Brian: Well, looks like you're stuck with me. I’m not going anywhere.
Sheridan: I love you so much.
Brian: I remember when I thought you were the rich Sheridan Crane.
Sheridan: Well, I may not be a Crane, but I’m much richer because I have you.
Brian: We have each other.
Brian: If only it could come true.

Luis: I’m not a fool, Ethan. I know it'd be asking for a miracle for Sheridan
to be alive. It’s just that Mama told me to come here and pray. I figured I had
nothing to lose. I know God’s busy, but I figured if I prayed hard enough, maybe
he'd hear me.
Ethan: You know what you're asking for, don’t you, Luis?
Luis: A miracle.
Ethan: Yeah, that’s right. I mean, you're asking God to bring a woman you
love back -- back from the dead.
Luis: I know it sounds crazy. I’m the one who identified Sheridan’s body from
her fingerprints and dental records. But Sheridan was a strong swimmer. She --
she had this passion for life, this incredible will to life.
Ethan: Yes, Luis, but she --
Luis: I know! All right, I went to the cremation. I took her ashes. I can’t
give up on her. I just can’t.
[Luis sighs]
Luis: In my head, I can say Sheridan’s dead. But my heart won’t accept it.
Ethan: Yeah. I understand. I’m sorry. I -- I just wish I could give you hope.
Luis: Wish you could, too.

Eve: Oh, Pilar, I’m so sorry. I can imagine what you're going through.
Pilar: It -- Eve, I --
Eve: Oh, here, come sit down. Theresa, get your mother a glass of water.
Theresa: Yes, Dr. Russell.
Eve: Whitney, you girls lied to me. I asked you if everything was all right
and you said that it was.
Whitney: I’m so sorry. Mom, I wanted to tell you the truth.
Eve: Then why didn’t you?
Whitney: It was just too horrible. And Theresa was scared of what Luis and
Ethan would do if they found out. I mean, they would've killed Julian.
Eve: Yes, they would.
Whitney: Mom, Theresa’s my best friend. I couldn’t give her away.
Theresa: Mama --
Eve: Here, give me that. Here, honey. Take a sip. Do you want a sedative or
something to quiet your nerves?
Pilar: I -- I protected my Theresa for so long. And now to think that Julian
Crane -- oh, God. I should've scratched his eyes out. If he was blind, he
couldn’t do anything to a woman again like he did to my daughter.
Eve: Theresa, exactly what happened?
Whitney: Julian got her drunk.

Eve: Oh, my God. I don’t think I should. I -- I’m not really much of a
drinker.
Julian: Well, you shouldn’t deny yourself a taste.
Eve: Well, I still have two more sets.
Julian: This stuff coats the throat. One glass won’t kill you.
Eve: Well, maybe you're right. Maybe I should.
Julian: Yeah.
Eve: Don’t tell me anymore, Whitney. I know the rest. Oh, that bastard.
Whitney: Mom --
Singer: You are my passion for life.

Timmy: What do Timmy and Tabby do now?
Tabitha: Hush, Timmy, I’m trying to think!
Timmy: Timmy would rather go anyplace than anywhere near that basement or
your friends.
Tabitha: You know, I’m not sure it was such a good idea to disobey them.
Maybe we should've gone downstairs and faced the music.
Timmy: Is Tabby crazy?
Tabitha: Running away might make things even worse for us.
Timmy: What could be worse than that -- that thing, that vortex, that
whatchamacallit vortex thing that made Timmy and Tabby disappear? Timmy and
Tabby have to get out of here.
Tabitha: And go where?
Timmy: New York! Timmy and Tabby will drive down to New York, pick up the
royalties from &quot;hidden passions,&quot; and take the first flight to Honolulu.
Timmy: Tabby? Come on.
Tabitha: Oh. Oh, I can’t!
Timmy: Sure Tabby can.
Tabitha: I can’t. My feet. They're stuck. I can’t move.
Timmy: But -- what? What’s going on, Tabby?
Tabitha: Oh, looks like we're not going anywhere, Timmy.

Ethan: You know, I can only imagine how you must feel about losing Sheridan.
But if I -- if I ever lost Theresa, I don’t know what I’d do without her. Life
would be so empty.
Luis: Well, I’m glad you feel that way about Theresa.
Ethan: She means everything to me. And I will always love her and protect
her, and I swear that to you, Luis. I will lay down my life for her, and if
anyone ever hurt her, I would kill them.
Luis: Right. Well, what do you say we go see how she’s doing?
Ethan: Yeah.

Julian: God, that vicious, crazy woman. She scarred my face. Oh, my God. I’ve
paid her salary all these years and she has the audacity to physically attack
me. She’s certifiable. I’m going to bring charges against her. Yes, I’ll have
her locked in prison -- the deepest, darkest dungeon they have. Has she
forgotten who I am? I’m Julian Crane! Oh, thank God someone sane. Look, look
what your good friend Pilar has done to me. Just look! Oh! Ow! My nose! Oh, God,
more blood. Has the whole world gone mad?
Eve: You know what I should really do to you, Julian? I should strap you to
an operating table and let Pilar pluck out your eyes while I cut out your
tongue!
Julian: This is very disturbing talk, Eve.
Eve: Oh, you'd find it more disturbing when you're no longer able to look at
young girls and when your vile voice is silenced!
Julian: What have I done to deserve this?
Eve: You're a pig, Julian.
Julian: Well, I fail to see what the big deal is. Why is everyone so upset?
Eve: Because you're a pig!
Julian: But -- Theresa and I had a bit too much champagne. I -- I didn’t mean
to let things get out of hand.
Eve: Oh, didn’t you?
Julian: Well, I -- well, we -- we had sex. But you and I once had sex, too,
Dr. Russell.
Eve: God, and the thought of it just fills me with revulsion!
Julian: Well, men and women have sex every day.
Eve: Theresa was a virgin, Julian, just like I was a virgin!
Julian: You were a virgin? I didn’t know that.
Eve: Well, of course! That’s because you never cared to know! Theresa was a
young woman in love with Ethan, and you took advantage of her!
Julian: That’s simply not true.
Eve: You drugged her so that you could have sex with her.
Julian: It was my conjugal right!
Eve: What?
Julian: Well, didn’t Pilar tell you? Theresa and I are man and wife. I
married her immediately after my divorce from Ivy came through.
Eve: Oh, my God!
Julian: Well, you see, I -- I was perfectly within my rights.
Eve: Do you think that Ethan and Luis are going to accept that as an excuse?
If anything, it’s going to make them more furious with you!
Julian: Let’s just keep our voices down here.
Eve: Oh, you are the most pathetic excuse for a man, Julian. You don’t care
about anybody but your lousy self!

[Timmy groans]
Timmy: Stuck!
Tabitha: Yes, we're stuck.
[Demon laughs]
Demon: You can run, but you cannot hide! You cannot hide!
Timmy: What’s going to happen to Timmy and Tabby?
Tabitha: It’s the end, Timmy. It’s the beginning of the end. Oh!
Timmy: Oh!
Tabitha: Oh! Oh, hang on to something, Timmy! Oh!
Timmy: Can’t -- hang -- on!
Tabitha: We're doomed!
Demon: You disobeyed! And now you will pay the price!
Julian: You're mad. You're mad.

[Phone rings]
Eve: Oh, you're disgusting, Julian. You're just --
Brian: It’s ringing, but he’s not answering.
Doc: Let it ring.
Julian: Uh, perhaps it’s news --
Eve: Shut up!
Julian: Eve, please!
Eve: &quot;Please&quot; nothing, you son of a bitch!
Julian: Good God, woman, what right do you have to act this way? I -- I tell
you that Theresa is my wife and you punch me?
Eve: Oh, you insufferable pig! You are going to pay for what you've done to
Theresa. You -- you're scum, Julian! You're just a menace to society!
Julian: That’s going a tad bit overboard, don’t you think?
Eve: Oh, I’ll show you overboard!
Julian: Ow! Stop!
Eve: Stop? No, you need to be stopped, Julian, before some other young woman
falls prey to you just like me. You seduced me with drugs and alcohol, but I was
too naive and too young to know what was going to happen to me. And now poor
Theresa. Oh, God, your wife? Mrs. Julian Crane? Oh, God! You're a monster!
You're a disgusting monster!
Julian: You know, I didn’t drop by your office so you could call me names. I
really need medical attention. These scratches could leave scars.
Eve: Oh, I hope they do! You -- you deserve to suffer! Oh, and suffer you
will.

Pilar: My baby. My poor baby.
Theresa: Mama? You -- you just try to calm yourself, ok?
Pilar: I know what that wicked man did to you. He touched you. He put his
filthy hands on you.
Theresa: But, Mama, I don’t remember. All I remember is that I dreamed I was
with Ethan. And in my dream, Ethan and I were married and we were making love.
It was our honeymoon and it was beautiful. And when I woke up, I saw a ring on
my finger and someone next to me, and I just assumed that it was Ethan.
Pilar: Dear God.
Theresa: Mama, I was happy to have him next to me, thinking that I had
married him. But when I realized that it wasn’t Ethan, that it was Julian --
Pilar: What did that monster do to you? What did he do?
Theresa: Julian told me that he had a dream, too, Mama, that he was making
love to me. Then we realized it wasn’t a dream, it was real -- that Julian made
love to me and I was his wife.
Pilar: Oh. God, that makes me sick. His hands should be cut off for what he
did. You are an innocent child, and he’s nothing but an animal. Oh, dear God, I
warned you.
Theresa: Mama, I didn’t know what was happening, I swear.
Whitney: Please, please, Mrs. Lopez Fitzgerald, don’t be angry with Theresa.
I mean, it wasn’t her fault. She went down there to try to help Ethan. And
Julian is the one who got her drunk and took advantage of her.
Pilar: How many times did I tell you never to go near Julian Crane? How many
times, Theresa? Oh, dear God. Why didn’t you listen to me? Why?
Theresa: Mama.
Theresa: I’m sorry.

Demon: Descend!&nbsp; Descend!
Tabitha: Oh, I’m afraid this is good-bye, lad.
Timmy: Timmy’s never going to leave his princess. Timmy will protect Tabitha
to the end.
Tabitha: That’s very sweet of you, Timmy, but this is the end. No one can
protect us now.
Timmy: Then what can Timmy and Tabby do?
Tabitha: We can face our doom with dignity. Chin up, straight back, no tears,
and just remember the good times we've had.
Timmy: They were the best of times, Tabby. Timmy will never forget his
princess.
Tabitha: This is good-bye, Timmy. Good-bye, Timmy. Oh, oh, oh!

Julian: What are you doing?
Eve: When Luis and Ethan find out what you've done to Theresa, they're going
to come after you.
Julian: You -- you get away from me with that thing.
Eve: They're going to want blood, Julian. They're going to want to kill you.
But I won’t let them.
Julian: You -- you won’t?
Eve: No! I couldn’t just let them kill you and be done with it.
Julian: Oh, you --
Eve: No. I’m going to suggest that they geld you first.
Julian: You mean --
Eve: And I’m going to show them exactly where to cut!
Julian: This is not funny, Eve!
Eve: Do you think that I’m joking, Julian? Not a chance! I am going to watch
as Luis and Ethan cut you into tiny little pieces!
Julian: They'll burn for this!
Eve: Oh, ho, ho, ho! There’s not a jury in Harmony that will convict them,
especially after they hear what you did to Theresa.

Theresa: I’m sorry, Mama. I’m so sorry.
Pilar: My baby girl. My little Theresa.
Ethan: Theresa? What is it? What happened?
Luis: Mama, are you ok? What’s going on? Tell me. I want answers, Mama. Now
this can’t be just about Sheridan. What happened?

Julian: But there -- there must be a way. There must be some way to stop
Ethan and Luis from killing me.
Eve: Maybe you could do it yourself.
Julian: Listen, Eve -- there’s really no reason for them to -- to find out
about the marriage. You see, I’m -- I’m getting an annulment.
Eve: You can’t keep a thing like that a secret, Julian. They're bound to find
out, and then they're going to come after you. And Luis -- so full of pain and
anger over Sheridan’s death.
Julian: God, what am I supposed to do?
Eve: Well, I think there’s only one thing you can do, Julian -- perform a
miracle. Bring Sheridan back from the dead.
[Phone rings]
Brian: It just keeps ringing and ringing.
Brian: I’ll just call back later.
Julian: Yes?
Brian: Hello? Julian Crane?
Julian: Yes. Who is this?
Brian: Brian O’Leary. I have news about your sister, Sheridan Crane?
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 10/8/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 10/8/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Voice: You have failed, hag!
Tabitha: Hag? Who’s he calling a hag?
Timmy: Timmy doesn’t think this is time to split hairs.
Voice: Not once, not twice, but repeatedly failed, failed, failed!
Timmy: What are Timmy and Tabby going to do?
Tabitha: There’s nothing we can do. We&#39;re in a serious pickle here. For the
life of me, I can’t see a way out. The dark forces warned me that if I let them
down again they&#39;d throw me into the pit of pain and gloom for all eternity.
Timmy: Is that -- is that -- is that what Timmy thinks it is?
Tabitha: Oh -- as if we haven’t got trouble enough. That’s the bottle we
trapped Hecuba in before we threw her down here to meet her fate.
Timmy: Something tells Timmy she’s still trying to get out.
Tabitha: That’s all we need. Between her wanting revenge on us and the wrath
of the dark forces, we are toast, Timmy. Burnt toast at that.
[Voice yells]
Voice: Your time has come, Tabitha!

Julian: What -- who is this and how did you get my private cell phone number?
Brian: What’s the difference? Do you want to hear about your sister or not?
Julian: My sister’s dead.
Brian: That’s what I’m trying to tell you. She’s not -- what the hell are you
doing? I was just about to tell Julian Crane that his sister’s alive.
Liz: I think you should see this first.
Brian: &quot;Sheridan Crane put to rest. Body found at sea. Identity confirmed
through fingerprints and dental records. Body cremated at family’s request.&quot; How
can this be?
Liz: There’s only one explanation that I can think of -- doc is wrong and the
woman we have here isn’t Sheridan Crane. Sheridan Crane is dead.
Doc: Then who’s the woman Brian fished out of the sea?
Liz: Guess we&#39;ll have to wait till she wakes up and she can tell us herself.
Brian: Can you hear me, angel? Who are you? What’s your name?

Eve: Who was that?
Julian: Who knows? Who cares? Probably another press vulture pestering me
about Sheridan’s death.
Eve: You talk about your sister’s death as if it were no more important than
a drop in the Dow Jones average! You don’t care about anybody, do you, Julian?
And that is why you are going to pay for what you did to Theresa! It is bad
enough that you got her drunk, but then to sleep with her?
Julian: We&#39;re married, for crying out loud!
Eve: As if she wanted to be married to an insufferable pig like you!
Julian: Oh, God! What is it with you women? First Pilar and now you again?
Eve: I haven’t even started with you yet, Julian!
Julian: No more! No, no, no!
Eve: Oh, God, you&#39;re such a pathetic excuse for a man. Do you know that,
Julian? Somewhere deep down inside, you must know that. But don’t worry. You&#39;ll
be put out of your misery soon Ethan and Luis find out what you have done to
Theresa.

Luis: What is it, Mama? First you fainted, and now you look like I don’t know
what. I&#39;ve never seen you so upset.
Ethan: You know, Luis, I mean, we&#39;re all upset about Sheridan.
Luis: That’s not it, is it? Something else is going on here. I want to know
what it is. Did someone do something to you that I should know about? Because, I
swear, if they did, they&#39;re going to have to answer to me. What is going on?
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life.

Timmy: Timmy doesn’t see Hecuba’s bottle anymore.
Tabitha: Odd. I wonder where it’s gone. Hades -- I’ve never seen that curtain
down here before. Lucifer only knows what that’s hiding.
Timmy: There’s no reason to be afraid, Tabby. Tabby, don’t worry. Timmy will
show you.
Timmy: See, Tabitha? Timmy was right.
Voice: Get away, puppet!
Timmy: Puppet? Yikes!
[Demon laughs]
Demon: Your day of reckoning has come, Tabitha.
Tabitha: I was afraid of this, Timmy. It appears that it’s curtains for us in
more ways than one.
Demon: The time has come for your report. Defend your incompetence.
Tabitha: My report? I haven’t had to make a report since the black plague.
Timmy: Timmy didn’t know there was going to be a report.
Tabitha: Actually, it may not be such a bad thing, Timmy. It sounds as if
they&#39;re going to give me a chance to explain myself before they pronounce a
verdict on my fate. Only trouble is I don’t have much of a case.
Timmy: Sure, Tabby does. Just tell them to read the book &quot;Hidden Passions.&quot;
They can see for themselves all the havoc and mayhem Tabitha’s wrought on the
town of Harmony and around the world!
Tabitha: I don’t think that’s going to be enough, Timmy. They&#39;re more
interested in current events -- Charity and Miguel’s demise in particular. And
because I haven’t accomplished that, I’m a big, fat zero.
Timmy: Tell them, Tabby. Tell them what you&#39;ve done.
Tabitha: Well, it’s all I’ve got. Let’s just hope it’s enough. Ahem. I,
Tabitha Lenox, your most humble servant of crisis and chaos, am ready to report.
Demon: Stop stalling and get on with it.
Tabitha: Well, I could begin by summarizing some of the evil deeds in my
best-selling book, &quot;Hidden Passions.&quot;
Demon: I’ve already read it. Tell me something I don’t know.
Tabitha: Oh. All right, then. Well, the main reason that I have not been able
to separate Charity and Miguel thus far is because I have been working on
certain other projects.
Timmy: Tell them about Luis and Sheridan.
Tabitha: Yes, yes, exactly. Well, as you know, Sheridan Crane and Luis Lopez
Fitzgerald have been a thorn in my side for centuries. Even my little iceberg
trick with the titanic didn’t separate them for good, so I’ve had to come up
with something a little bit more creative. And I’m pleased to tell you that my
dirty work is finally paying off, both here at home and on a small island off
Bermuda.
Demon: Is Sheridan dead?
Tabitha: No. But the beauty part of it is everyone thinks she is. And that’s
much better. So many innumerable twists and turns to come. Oh, you&#39;re going to
love all the pain and suffering that lies ahead for each and every one of them.

Liz: Looks like you&#39;re about to know the name of your sea angel, Brian.
Brian: Well, it’s about time.
Brian: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Easy now. You&#39;re too weak to get up.
Nobody here’s going to hurt you. We&#39;re not going to hurt you.
Liz: Yeah, honey, you&#39;ve had a rough time. We&#39;re just trying to help you get
better. I don’t blame you for being a bit disoriented. My old, run-down hotel
might scare anyone. Oh. Brian here rescued you from the ocean, where, if I might
be blunt, you were about to become fish food.
Brian: I have no idea how long you were out at sea, but you were about as
weak as a kitten when I pulled you up in my fishing net. I had a devil of a time
getting you in to shore.
Liz: Including a humdinger fight with his captain, who didn’t want to take
you on as a passenger. The least you could do is say thanks.
Brian: Take it easy on her, Liz, huh? Don’t pay attention to her. She’s a
pushy old broad.
Liz: Anyway, doc here has been helping to get you better since you got here.
Doc: Don’t give me the credit for this little lady surviving. Seems to me
she’s alive through her own willpower and the grace of the good lord above. Most
people would&#39;ve died out there in that hurricane.
Liz: I bet you got folks just going crazy wondering where you are. Why don’t
you tell the name of your people and we&#39;ll give them a call.
Brian: Now, now, don’t rush her, Liz. Why don’t you start by telling us who
you are?

Julian: No, you see, Ethan and Luis are not going to find out about my
marriage to Theresa.
Eve: How do you think that you are going to keep something so
earth-shattering a secret?
Julian: Think -- who’s going to blab? Pilar and Theresa certainly wouldn’t
want them to find out. They&#39;re terrified that Luis and Ethan would try to kill
me and be sent to prison for murder.
Eve: I don’t think that Ethan or Luis would find that too high a price to pay
to rid the world of you, Julian.
Julian: Well, be that as it may, Theresa will not let this happen. She knows
that if she did she&#39;d forfeit any chance she ever had of marrying Ethan. So, you
see, we&#39;re -- we&#39;re all in this together. We all have a vested interest in
keeping this secret, not just for me but for everyone.
N&#39;est-ce pas?

Ethan: Pilar, talk to us. It’s obvious you&#39;re upset and you&#39;ve been crying.
Luis: Mama, come on. Hey. What happened to your hands? You&#39;ve got blood under
your fingernails. Theresa? Whitney? If you know something about this, you better
tell me!
Pilar: There’s no need to badger your sister, Luis. I’ll tell you everything.

Doc: Could you open for me?
Brian: What is it, doc? What’s wrong with her?
Doc: Well -- sorry. She must&#39;ve been hit in the neck by something when she
was being tossed around at sea. There’s a nice-sized bruise near her larynx.
Don’t worry. Your vocal cords are a little swollen, but you&#39;ll get your voice
back. A bowl of warm soup might just do the trick.
Liz: Coming right up.
Doc: Ok.
Brian: You&#39;re going to be just fine. Liz makes a hell of a chowder.
Doc: As soon as you get your voice back, you can tell us who you are so we
can get you home.

Tabitha: One of my proudest efforts is the imminent and total destruction of
Julian Crane. As I noted before, the seeds for his destruction were sown by
yours truly years ago when he first met and fell in love with the sultry, young
Eve. The arrogant Julian has no clue that it’s all coming back to haunt him in
the near future. Of course, Eve will have to pay the price as well. In fact,
they are both about to board the train to hell, and they don’t even know it.
[Tabitha chuckles]

Eve: Well, maybe Theresa and Pilar won’t tell Ethan and Luis about the
marriage, but there’s nothing stopping me, Julian. As a matter of fact, I’ve got
a good mind to announce it on the hospital P.A. System right now!
Julian: What -- no! No, you can’t do --
Eve: You are still the same coward that you always were. I can’t believe I
was ever attracted to you.
Julian: You were in love with me. That’s what you said.
Eve: Oh. I must&#39;ve been out of my mind or just too young to know any better.
I’ll never forget the way you turned on me when I got pregnant.
Julian: That pregnancy earned you a medical degree.
Eve: Oh, yes, that’s right. Your father financed my medical school to keep me
quiet because heaven forbid that the world should know that Julian Crane had an
African American lover.
Julian: Why are you doing this, Eve? This is ancient history. I told you how
sorry I am about -- about the baby.
Eve: &quot;Sorry&quot;? Do you have any idea how it felt for me to hear that my baby
was dead? I still don’t believe it sometimes. Every once in a while, I have
flashes of someone in the hospital stealing my baby.
Julian: You don’t honestly believe he was kidnapped, do you?
Eve: No. No, not really. It’s just -- it’s just hard to accept that he --
that he really died.
Julian: Well, I was upset, too.
Eve: Oh, you liar! You didn’t even call me to see how I was doing afterwards!
You just ran like the sniveling rat that you&#39;ve always been. As if a medical
degree could make up for a lifetime of nightmares? And what’s worse than
thinking that my baby died is -- is the fear that he might be alive out there
somewhere looking for me and I would never know!

Chad: Hey, you guys. What’s going on?
Whitney: I’m afraid you&#39;re about to find out, Chad.
Pilar: Let go, Theresa. Your brother has a right to know.
Luis: Where are you going?
Theresa: I’m just -- I’m trying to calm Mama down. We&#39;ll be right back.
Pilar: You&#39;re not going to change my mind.
Theresa: Mama, please listen to me. If you tell Luis that I married Julian,
it will ruin our lives.
Luis: I swear to God, if someone so much as touched a hair on my mother’s
head, I’m going to kill them.
Ethan: I know how you feel. If anyone hurt someone in my family, I’d do the
same thing.
Chad: Whitney, I’d feel a whole lot better if you just filled me in on what’s
going on before it comes out.
Whitney: Chad, I already told you -- I cannot tell you.
Chad: It’s that secret of Theresa’s that you&#39;ve been keeping from me since
Bermuda. Am I right? And Ethan’s about to find out? Is that what’s going on?
Whitney: Look -- Pilar knows, and she’s about to tell.
Chad: Oh, man. Well, if it’s as bad as you say, then all hell’s about to
break loose.
Whitney: Oh, trust me, Chad; you don’t know the half of it. And if Ethan
finds out what’s going on, Theresa’s dreams could be completely shattered.
Theresa: Please don’t tell Ethan and Luis that I slept with Julian in
Bermuda.
Pilar: The man is a pig, Theresa. He must be punished.

Demon: Hmm.
Tabitha: And that’s not all, E.F. Not by a long shot.
Timmy: E.F. As in Hutton?
Tabitha: No. E.F. stands for &quot;evil force.&quot; Forgive me. Timmy’s at that age
where he never stops asking questions. As I was saying, I have spent centuries
laying the groundwork for the most heinous events yet to come. Take Luis&#39; sister
Theresa, for example.
[Disguised voice] I can see your life -- your past, your present, and your
future.
Theresa: I want to believe you so much, but I’m trying to be mature.
Tabitha: Think about it, Theresa. Either I’m very good at making wild guesses
or I’m telling you the truth. And you&#39;ll live in a mansion as Mrs. Crane. It’s
your choice whether you believe it or not.
Theresa: I believe you. I do. I’m going to marry Ethan after all.
Tabitha: [Normal voice] who said anything about marrying Ethan? All I told
her was she would be Mrs. Crane, which she now is -- Mrs. Julian Crane.
[E.F. laughs]
Tabitha: Oh. I scared the living daylights out of that girl..
[Tabitha chuckles]
Tabitha: [Disguised voice] I’m only telling you what I see. Whitney will
cause a murder if she continues to pursue her dream of becoming a champion
tennis player.
Theresa: That’s ridiculous. Whitney wouldn’t hurt a fly, much less kill
somebody.
Tabitha: I didn’t say Whitney was going to commit the murder.
Theresa: Then who?
Tabitha: Her daddy.[Normal voice] that’s my strength, E.F. -- planting the seeds of tragedy to
come. Eve, Julian, Whitney, Theresa, Ethan -- and let’s not forget young Chad.
He thinks his biggest problem is getting Whitney to be his girlfriend. Wait till
he finds out who his real parents are. He&#39;ll wish he&#39;d never been born.
[E.F. laughs]
E.F.: Is that all?
Tabitha: What do you mean, &quot;is that all?&quot; I’ve just finished telling you what
I’ve done to Luis and Sheridan, not to mention Ethan and Theresa, who were this
close to wedded bliss before she messed it all up by marrying Julian instead.
When Ethan finds out about that, he will never forgive her. The bottom line is
that I have destroyed more true love in Harmony than any other witch I know of.
Surely I deserve a reprieve for that!
E.F.: The only true love that matters is Miguel and Charity’s, and they are
still together. Unless you can tell me how you intend to come between them, you
shall never leave this basement alive.
Tabitha: Oh.
[Timmy whimpers]

Whitney: I just wish there was something we could do to stop this from
happening.
Chad: Well, maybe it’s time Ethan found out what’s going on.
Whitney: You know, you wouldn’t be saying that if you knew what was
happening. Come on. Too many lives could be ruined because of this.
Theresa: Mama, you&#39;re not thinking straight. You know what&#39;ll happen if you
tell Luis and Ethan that I married Julian and I spent the night with him. They
will kill him, Mama. They will spend the rest of their lives behind bars. Now,
you can’t tell me that’s what you want for your son or for Ethan.
Pilar: But Julian -- I -- he can’t get away with this. I cannot allow it.

Julian: But our son isn’t alive somewhere looking for you, Eve. We know he
died.
Eve: Rationally I know that, but in my heart I wonder. Sometimes I think,
what if -- what if one of my daughters should meet him one day and not know it
and -- God forbid they fall in love.
Julian: You&#39;re not still worried about Chad Harris, are you? You know better
after the D.N.A. test you ran. It proved he wasn’t our son.
Eve: Yes, yes, you&#39;re right. I guess I’m just so upset for Pilar and what
you&#39;ve done to her daughter, I can’t think straight.
Julian: Well, you know, I -- I don’t blame you for being protective of your
daughters.

Brian: After I did C.P.R. I was just doing what anyone else would do. You
were so damn wet and cold from being in the sea, it’s lucky we had some clean,
dry clothes on that boat. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. It wasn’t anything like
that. I got you changed under a blanket. I didn’t see a thing, I promise. That’s
just not my style. I would never do anything like that.
Liz: And you can take that to the bank. Brian is no saint, but deep down he’s
a real gentleman. I’m not surprised you&#39;re hungry. Let’s get some of this soup
in you, and you can tell us your name, and we can have a real conversation.

Julian: What -- you can’t do it, Eve. You can’t tell Ethan and Luis that I
married Theresa. Please, please --
Eve: Get out of my way, Julian!
Julian: Oh, please, oh, please, you&#39;ve got to protect me. Please. For old
time’s sake if nothing else. Please?
Eve: Old times are precisely why I don’t owe you a thing! I can’t believe I
ever felt anything for you.
Julian: They&#39;ll go to jail.
Eve: Not if the trial’s in Harmony. They&#39;ll probably both be given medals of
honor for getting rid of the second most hated Crane.
Julian: You can’t tell them! If you do, I will tell T.C. about us.
Eve: Well -- then you&#39;ll just have another man in line to kill you.
Julian: Yes, but what about your precious Whitney and Simone? What would they
say when they find out that you had an affair with me and lied about it all
these years? I wouldn’t be surprised if they felt so betrayed they started
acting out. They could turn wild, like their mother was at that age. Huh?
Eve: You&#39;re dirt, Julian. You and your father -- you&#39;re the lowest forms of
life on earth.
Julian: Sticks and stones. Only protecting my interests.
Eve: You think you&#39;ve beaten me, Julian? You and I both know that secrets
always surface sooner or later. So even if I don’t blow the whistle on your
marriage to Theresa, it’s bound to come out. And when it does, I want to be
there. I want to watch when Luis and Ethan get their hands on you.

Theresa: I just want my marriage to Julian to be annulled so that I can
forget that it ever happened.
Pilar: It’s not so easy, mija. He stole your innocence. There is no worse
crime.
Theresa: No -- no, Mama. No, you don’t understand.
Pilar: No, I understand what every mother needs to know. He ruined you, just
as he has ruined every other woman he has ever been with. And for years I looked
away because I loved Ivy and because the Cranes were the only source of income I
had, but now he has gone too far! Julian Crane is evil!
Luis: Julian Crane? What does he have to do with this?

Tabitha: Wait, wait. There’s no problem here. I have the perfect solution for
dealing with pesky Charity. It involves Kay Bennett. She is the centerpiece of
my strategy.
E.F.: She is a civilian.
Tabitha: Yes. Yes, I know that. Ooh. But rarely have I met a civilian with
such an instinctively mean and greedy spirit. As you know, Grace’s amnesia has
already created havoc in the Bennett household. You must be thrilled to see a
rock-solid marriage like Grace and Sam’s hitting the skids because of that new
fellow in town. David Hastings claims that Grace is his long-lost wife of over
20 years. Well, poor little Gracie doesn’t remember a thing.
E.F.: What has this to do with Charity and Miguel?
Tabitha: I’m getting to that. Grace and Sam’s inevitable break-up over David
will change Kay forever. True, she’s been making a stab at being good at the
moment, but once her parents split, she will revert back to being the spiteful
little vixen that she’s always been at heart. The tree that spoke to Charity
told her that she would have to give up something dear. Well, that would be
Miguel. He and Charity will be ripped from one another’s arms forever.
E.F.: You still haven’t told me how.
Tabitha: That’s quite simple, really. Miguel and Kay will make love, and the
consequence of that one act will tarnish the purity of Charity and Miguel’s love
forever. I guarantee it!
E.F.: Hmm.

Doc: You ok?
Brian: Yeah. Fine.
Doc: I know you better than that, Brian. What’s bothering you?
Brian: You know, I had this crazy notion from the moment that I plucked her
out of the sea. I knew this was too good to be true. I thought she was maybe --
I don’t know -- sent to me for some reason, like she was the woman I’m supposed
to be with.
Doc: I’ve heard crazier notions than that, believe me.
Brian: Come on, doc. Anyone can see that even though we haven’t heard her
voice and even though she’s wearing those old fisherman’s clothes that she’s got
more class in her little finger than I’ve got in my whole body or I’ll ever
have. Guys like me -- we don’t end up with girls like that.
Doc: What are you talking about? You don’t even know her. For all we know --
Brian: There’s something about her. I don’t know what it is. See, I’m doing
it again. Doc, the sooner she gets back to where she belongs, the sooner I can
get her off my mind.

E.F.: I’ve heard this all before. There aren’t enough scales on my tail to
count the number of times you have tried to use Kay to come between Miguel and
Charity.
Tabitha: But it’s different this time, E.F.
E.F.: How? Tell me how.
Tabitha: Well, it just is. It’s going to work out this time. I’ve planned it
all out. Look what’s happening at the local hospital right now. Luis and Ethan
are about to find out about Julian and Theresa. And those two will tear Julian
to shreds, limb from limb. What a scandal. The two most ethical, moral men in
Harmony going to jail for murder. And when Charity finds out that Miguel has
betrayed her with Kay -- well, she&#39;ll die inside and she&#39;ll never come into her
full powers of goodness. I promise.
E.F.: For the last time -- we are tired of your promises. My colleagues and I
wanted results, and you have failed us.
Tabitha: But --
E.F.: It’s time to visit the pit, Tabitha!
Tabitha: Oh, no, no. Not the pit.
E.F.: Sorry. You made your bed. It’s time to lie in it. Come to the pit of
eternal suffering and pain.
Tabitha: Oh, please, E.F., Give us another chance.
E.F.: It’s too late for you and your little friend. The time has come!
Tabitha: Ooh. Ooh.
[Timmy cries]
Tabitha: Oh, no, no.

Eve: I wonder what Ethan and Luis will do to you when they find out that you
got Theresa so drunk, she married you.
Julian: They&#39;re not going to find out as long as you don’t tell them. There’s
no reason anyone else should know.
Eve: Damn you, Julian. Damn you for ruining so many lives.

Ethan: Is Julian the one who upset you, Pilar?
Luis: What did he do to you, Mama?
Theresa: Oh, no. No, no, no. You misunderstood. Tell them, Mama. Julian -- he
didn’t do anything to you.
Luis: Wait a minute. Did Julian do something to you, Theresa? So help me God,
if he did --
Ethan: Theresa, tell us the truth.
Theresa: Uh --
Luis: There he is. Where are you going, Julian?
Julian: Oh, please --
Ethan: Look, his face is scratched.
Luis: You did that to him, didn’t you, Mama? What have you done, Julian?
Ethan: Tell us right now.

Tabitha: There’s only one thing left to do -- beg, plead, and grovel.
Timmy: That’s three things, Tabitha.
Tabitha: Stop counting and start groveling. Please, please, E.F., for old
time’s sake, give a girl a break.
Timmy: Tabitha didn’t mean to mess things up with Charity and Miguel. She’s
very sorry.
Tabitha: More than you know, E.F. Just give me one more chance. Just one. I
know I can deliver what you want. Just -- just think of all the other evil
things I’ve accomplished, all the lives on the verge of destruction thanks to
me. I just need a bit more time and I know I can bring Charity and Miguel’s
relationship to its knees. What do you say, E.F.?
[E.F. roars]
Timmy: Is that a yes or a no?
Tabitha: I don’t know. Just keep groveling.
Timmy: If you let Timmy and Tabitha go, Timmy will come and bring you a
marTimmy every day.
E.F.: Never touch the stuff.
Tabitha: This isn’t fair. I’m a worthwhile witch. Look at the damage I’ve
done to all the dot-coms in the last year. That must make you happy. Please say
you&#39;ll spare me and my Timmy.
[E.F. roars]

Liz: That wasn’t so bad, was it? I’ve gotten more enthusiastic reviews, but
that&#39;ll do.
Doc: I think your soup’s doing the trick already. You got a smile out of her.
How’s your throat? Does it feel any better? Good. Then I guess this is the
moment we&#39;ve all been waiting for. We get to hear your voice and find out who
you are. What’s your name, pretty lady?

Luis: What&#39;d you do, Julian? What did you do to my sister?
Whitney: Mom -- Mom, come on. You have to do something, ok? Ethan and Luis
are about to find out what happened in Bermuda. They&#39;re going to kill Julian.
Come on.
Eve: Let them. He deserves whatever he gets.
Theresa: No, Luis, Luis, you&#39;ve got it all wrong. You don’t know what’s going
on, ok? Luis --
Luis: Well, then, why don’t you fill us in? How about you, Mama? You were
about to tell us what Julian did. It must&#39;ve been something pretty lousy for you
to scratch up his face like that.
Pilar: Damn you, Julian Crane! You ruined her!
Luis: All right, that’s it. I have heard enough.
Ethan: You are dead, Julian!
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 10/9/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 10/9/01







Sam: Now that Ivy’s regained consciousness, I want to talk about what
you overheard me say to her.
Grace: Look, Sam, I know you were just doing what eve asked you to
do.
Sam: Do you? Do you really?
Grace: No, I -- I really appreciate you reassuring me. But I really
want to talk about the kids --
Sam: Yeah.
Grace: And how we're going to tell them about David. We have to be
completely truthful about this situation.
Sam: Yeah, this guy isn’t just a guest at the B&amp;B -- the man who
claims to be your husband from before your amnesia.
Beth: Good morning, you two.
Sam: Hey, Beth.
Grace: Beth, hey.
Sam: Haven’t seen you around in a while.
Beth: Yeah, I’ve been on vacation. I toured New England with my
photography club.
Grace: Oh, really? That sounds great.
Beth: Yeah, it was great, but it’s good to be home. Hey, I hear your
house is almost rebuilt.
Sam: Any day now.
Grace: Yeah.
Beth: Good. Well, listen, I know you guys have gone through a rough
patch, but I have a feeling that everything is going to be back to
normal in no time.
Grace: Oh, thank you, sweetie. I needed to hear that.
Sam: She’s right. Pretty soon things will be back to normal again. No
one and nothing will keep that from happening.
Tabitha: More time -- that’s all I ask. I’m certain that Kay will
embrace the dark side once she learns that her parents were never
legally married, thus making her illegitimate.
E.F.: You've made promises before. Why should we believe you now, now
that Kay has vowed to be good?
Tabitha: Why? Because I know Kay. I know that she will act out her
upset by seducing Miguel, which will tear him and Charity apart. And
without Miguel to do the deed of making her a woman, Charity will never
come into her full powers and our side won’t be obliterated.
Timmy: Do the evil forces believe Tabby?
Tabitha: I don’t know, lad. All we can do is beg for more time -- or
ours will be up for sure.
Kay: I wonder what’s going on down there. I think I hear Tabitha.
Wonder if she’s all right. Being good is so cool. Here I get to help a
person who may have fallen and can’t get up. Hey, Tabitha! Tabitha!
Liz: See, that wasn’t so bad, was it? I’ve gotten more enthusiastic
reviews, but that'll do.
Doc: Think your soup is doing the trick already. We got a smile out
of her. How’s your throat? Does it feel any better? Good. Then I guess
this is the moment we've all been waiting for. We get to hear your voice
and find out who you are.
Sheridan: Ahem.
Brian: What’s your name, pretty lady?
[Sheridan coughs]
Liz: Honey, have a sip of this. Then you can tell us who you are.
Brian: We'll notify the authorities so they can let your family and
friends know you're safe.
Liz: I’m sure they'll be grateful to Brian here, saving you at sea.
Brian: Now, tell us who you are.
Sheridan: Ahem.
Whitney: Mom, mom, come on. You have to do something, ok? Ethan and
Luis are about to find out what happened in Bermuda. They're going to
kill Julian. Come on.
Eve: Let them. He deserves whatever he gets.
Luis: What did you do to my sister?
[Julian babbles]
Julian: What did she tell you?
Luis: Theresa didn’t tell us anything. She didn’t have to. I can tell
by the look on your face that you're guilty of something.
Theresa: Oh, God. Mama, why did you point to Julian and say that he
needs to be punished?
Pilar: Why? Because he got you drunk, he stole your innocence, and he
married you.
Theresa: But, mama, if Julian tells them that, Ethan and Luis will
kill him. They'll go to jail. Mama, we will lose them.
Whitney: Mom -- mom, why are you doing this? You can’t let Luis and
Ethan kill Mr. Crane.
Eve: Julian deserves to die.
Luis: This is it, Crane!
Ethan: You are going to pay for whatever you did.
Luis: Mama started the job by tearing into your face. Now we're going
to finish it by ripping you limb from limb.
Julian: Oh, God --
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and
kiss the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the
wings of the bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out
you keep me alive you are the fire burning inside of me you are my
passion for life…
Sam: Hello, Hastings.
David: Sam, Grace. I just stopped by for a cup of coffee. Don’t mean
to intrude.
Sam: Hastings, wait. There’s something I want to say to you, and I
want Grace to hear it, too.
Kay: Locked? Tabitha! Are you in the basement? Tabitha!
Tabitha: Oh, it’s Kay. We mustn’t let her learn what’s in the
basement, Timmy.
Timmy: Why not? Tabby said Kay’s going to turn evil soon.
Tabitha: Yes, but at the moment she considers herself good. If she
sees what’s really down here, she'll tell Grace or Charity and we'll be
done for, lad. Kaput.
E.F.: So get Kay away from the basement door, you dim-witted witch.
Tabitha: Yes, your demonic-ness. Right away. Oh, I have one last
question before I leave.
E.F.: What?
Tabitha: Does this mean Timmy and I are granted more time?
E.F.: Yes. On one condition.
Timmy: Uh-oh. Fine print.
E.F.: If Kay does not turn evil, tearing Miguel and Charity apart,
then you and the doll shall roast in the fiery pit for all eternity!
Timmy: One evil Kay, coming right up!
Tabitha: Absolutely. Let’s get while the getting’s good, Timmy.
Luis: It’s high time that you pay for everything that you have done
to my family -- demeaning my mother for working as your family’s
housekeeper, using that damn impostor mask to try to break up me and
Sheridan.
Julian: Oh, no, that was father’s idea!
Luis: Oh, yeah?
Julian: Mm-hmm.
Luis: Speaking of Alistair, I know that you two were responsible for
my father’s disappearance. That’s why you shredded that file that was in
the Crane family archives!
Whitney: Come on, mom. Do something, please.
Eve: No, Whitney. I want to see Julian suffer.
Whitney: But Ethan and Luis are going to be the ones who are going to
suffer because they're going to go to prison for hurting Mr. Crane.
Eve: No, they won’t, Whitney. Everybody in this town hates Julian. No
jury will ever convict them.
Whitney: Chad -- Chad, please, you have to do something. Stop Ethan
and Luis from hurting Mr. Crane.
Chad: Why? If that creep hurt Theresa, they should give him the
beating he deserves.
Whitney: But they're the ones who are going to go to prison if they
do.
Chad: Does this have anything to do with Theresa’s secret? Do Ethan
and Luis think Julian did a number on her?
Whitney: They know that Julian did something because Pilar attacked
Julian, but they don’t know what.
Chad: Well, it looks to me like Luis definitely thinks he did
something to his sister. And until he thinks differently, there ain’t
going to be nothing that’s going to stop him from killing that dude.
Theresa: Mama, we have to stop this. As soon as Julian gets the
marriage annulled, everything will be all right.
Pilar: Teresita -- it most certainly will not. That bastard stole
your innocence, and he must be punished.
Theresa: But if Ethan and Luis hurt him, we will lose them.
Pilar: Julian Crane has to pay for what he did to you. He has to pay.
Julian: How can you attack me when you don’t even know what’s going
on?
Luis: I know all I need to know. My mother wouldn’t have done what
she did to you without good reason. Your time’s up, Crane. It’s time for
you to pay for everything that you and Alistair have done to my family
and me.
Julian: But I haven’t done anything. God, Ethan, you used to be my
son.
Ethan: I’m not your son anymore. And if you did anything to hurt
Theresa, I’ll kill you myself!
Julian: I didn’t hurt Theresa, I swear.
Luis: Why should we believe a word out of your lying mouth? If you
hadn’t used that impostor to keep Sheridan and me apart, we would have
gotten married sooner and she might still be alive. But you cheated me
out of that. Now it’s payback time.
[Julian groans]
Luis: That’s for Sheridan.
Sheridan: My name is --
Brian: What’s wrong?
Sheridan: I can’t remember my name.
David: Ok, Sam. What do you want to tell me?
Grace: Yeah, what’s going on?
Sam: You'll see. Have a seat.
Sam: What I wanted to say is I believe you.
David: About what?
Sam: Everything you said.
Grace: Oh, my God.
David: Are you serious?
Sam: I didn’t want to accept the possibility that you were Grace’s
husband. I tried to poke holes in everything you said, but I couldn’t.
I’m a cop. I can’t deny the evidence any longer. You and Grace have a
valid marriage license. You know things about Grace that only someone
close to her could know. You even know things about her that I didn’t.
But we also have the word of the priest who married you two over 20
years ago at Saint Anastasia’s in Hartford, Connecticut. I don’t know
what to tell you.
Grace: That makes two of us.
Sam: After I saw what Luis went through with Sheridan -- he didn’t
really want to believe that she was dead, but after the body was
identified with her fingerprints and her dental records, he had no
choice but to believe it. Well, I didn’t want to believe that you two
were married, but I can’t deny what’s obvious. You, David, and you,
Grace, are husband and wife.
Kay: Tabitha? Tabitha, are you all right?
Tabitha: Why wouldn’t I be?
Kay: Well, because you're smoking. And I thought I was hearing voices
downstairs.
Tabitha: Voices? Oh, oh, that was me talking to my plants, dear.
Kay: Oh. What about that weird red light and all that smoke and
stuff?
Tabitha: That light, dear Kay is a grow lamp I use on my plants. And
as for the smoke, that’s being produced by a new contraption I recently
purchased. The smoke you see billowing in for nourishment.
Kay: But it’s so hot in your basement. Isn’t that a fire hazard or
something?
Tabitha: Oh, not at all, dear. I invited the fire marshal here to
inspect it. I’m happy to say I’m up to code.
Kay: Huh. You know, my mom likes flowers a lot. I bet if you showed
me how you set up your basement, I could set up a flower room in our new
house just like that.
Timmy’s voice: Uh-oh.
Sheridan: My name -- I don’t remember my name!
Brian: Hold on now. Just relax a minute, ok?
Doc: Brian’s right. You've been traumatized both physically and
emotionally. Take a deep breath, clear your mind, and I bet your name
will come to you.
Sheridan: It’s not working! I can’t remember my name!
Brian: Ok, ok, ok. What do you remember? Do you remember the name of
your hometown? The name of your mother, a friend, anything?
Sheridan: No, my mind is blank. I don’t remember anything before I
woke up!
Liz: Don’t worry. Now, somebody out there must be looking for you,
which means they've filed a missing persons report. I will call the
police, get a list of all the people who had been lost in the storm, and
we'll se rings a bell.
Sheridan: Thank you for helping me.
Liz: My pleasure.
Sheridan: What if I don’t even recognize my own name?
Brian: It’s going to be ok. You've got to be on a list out there
somewhere. And I bet when you see your name on that list, I bet
everything is going to come back to you -- where you're from, who you
are, everything about your life.
Sheridan’s voice: What if he’s wrong? What if I never remember who I
am?
[Julian groans]
Ethan: Not so fast. It’s my turn now.
Theresa: Ethan! Luis, please! Stop hitting him!
Luis: Theresa, stay back, all right? I don’t know what this pig did
to you, but he’s not going to do it ever again.
Ethan: You got that right.
Whitney: Come on, Chad. We have to stop this before Ethan and Luis
get in really big trouble. Come on! You've seen Luis' temper. He and
Ethan are going to end up killing Julian.
[Julian groans]
Chad: Ok, ok. I’ll see what I can do. Guys, enough already, all
right? Julian Crane is not worth going to jail over.
Luis: Well, we'll worry about that later. Now we're going to teach
this scum a lesson he never forgets.
Julian: For the love of God, please, someone help me! These -- these
brutes have been using me as a punching bag. I -- I demand that you
arrest them for assault and battery.
Tabitha: No, no. No, no, no, Kay, Kay -- don’t open the door.
Kay: Why not?
Tabitha: Why not? Because my plants are very sensitive to temperature
changes. Opening the door might cause a draft that would damage the
darling little shoots that I’ve worked so hard to protect.
Kay: Sorry. I don’t want to mess up your plants.
Tabitha: Thank you, dear.
Kay: Tabitha, are you ok?
Tabitha: Oh -- actually, if the truth be told, being down in that
basement has made me feel a little woozy.
Timmy’s voice: Tabby could say that again.
Tabitha: Would you get me a cup of tea, dear?
Kay: Oh. Of course. I’d be happy to.
Tabitha: Oh -- if we didn’t need Kay to break up Charity and Miguel,
I could so take advantage of her newfound goodness. I need the gutters
cleaned out, the windows washed --
Timmy: Fluffy’s claws trimmed.
Tabitha: Yes. We could make a list. No. No. We have to stay focused.
Kay must turn evil, or we'll be sent back to suffering central for all
eternity.
Timmy: Timmy doesn’t want to fry.
Tabitha: Neither do I, lad. But I don’t think we will.
Timmy: Why not?
Tabitha: Well, because once Sam and Grace tell Kay that they were
never legally married, she'll turn evil so fast, it'll make your head
spin.
David: Well, I’m glad you realize that I’m telling the truth, and --
and I admire you for admitting it. I know that it’s been hard for you to
accept my marriage to Grace.
Sam: I never accepted your marriage to Grace. I said that I believe
that you're legally husband and wife. But in Grace’s heart and in mine,
we're married. Grace is my wife, not yours. Maybe our marriage isn’t
legal or recognized by the church, but I’m not letting her go. Grace and
I will always be together, no matter what.
Brian: Easy now. Look, I’m sure your name is listed with the police.
As soon as you hear it, you're going to remember who you are.
Sheridan: Did you get a list of the people missing?
Liz: I called the police, and everyone who was lost in the hurricane
has been accounted for.
Sheridan: No one’s looking for me?
Liz: I’m sorry.
Sheridan: Does that mean that I don’t have any friends or family,
that I’m all alone?
Brian: I don’t know. I thought for sure that Liz was on to something.
Sheridan: Well, you found me in the sea. How did I get there?
Brian: I thought you'd been knocked overboard from whatever boat you
were on. You got caught in that storm. Or either that your boat sank and
that’s how you got that far out to sea.
Liz: Maybe everyone who would've reported you missing drowned.
Doc: That’s not what happened.
Brian: What are you talking about?
Doc: I know how this lovely lady wound up in the sea and I know who
she is.
Julian: Forget about assault and battery. I want these thugs arrested
for attempted murder.
Luis: Let me go so I can finish the job.
Theresa: No, Luis!
Officer: Luis? Oh, sorry, man. What’s going on, buddy?
Luis: This guy did something to my little sister.
Ethan: Yeah, my fiancée.
Luis: Just teaching him a lesson.
Officer: This guy and your little sister?
Luis: Yeah.
Julian: Now, wait just a minute.
Officer:&nbsp; What’s happening here?
Second officer: Just take it outside so it’s not on our watch.
Julian: This is outrageous! Don’t you doughnut-swilling flatfoots
know who I am?
Officer: You're Julian Crane. You got my mom fired from the cannery
because she accidentally spilled coffee on your shoe.
Julian: Well, she’s lucky I didn’t sue her for scalding me.
Officer: You made my brother sell his house for pennies on the dollar
so Crane industries could have a bigger parking lot.
Julian: You don’t expect executives to take a bus, do you?
Officer: You guys, have fun.
Julian: Officer --
Luis: All right, Crane. Shall we take this outside?
Julian: No, no, no.
Singer: You are my passion for life…
Kay: Here is your tea.
Tabitha: Thank you, dear.
Kay: Welcome. Can I get you anything else?
Tabitha: Well, some cookies would be nice.
Kay: You know, Tabitha, my whole life has changed.
Tabitha: Tell me, dear.
Kay: Well, I just kind of realized that my actions affect everyone
around me. Especially my family.
Tabitha: Gag me.
Kay: I’m sorry?
Tabitha: Good tea, good tea.
Kay: Oh, thank you. Anyway, you know, the past couple of years have
been -- really hard on me.
Tabitha: Now, don’t worry, dear. All teenagers go through an awkward,
gawky stage. You'll grow out of it.
Kay: I mean because Charity came to Harmony and Miguel fell in love
with her --
Tabitha: Ah, yes, yes, yes. Well, you've told me repeatedly that your
cousin has been a thorn in your side.
Kay: Right. I was wrong to have said that.
Tabitha: Well, I thought you hated her blond guts.
Kay: You know, the point -- the point is that I’ve learned that I
should be happy for Miguel and Charity.
Tabitha: Really?
Kay: Yeah. I mean, we were all stranded on that island. We could have
died there. And my dad could have died trying to fix the signal beacon.
Tabitha: Mm-hmm. Fortunately, Ivy was struck by lightning instead.
Fortunately for your father, I mean.
Kay: Anyway, I think I’ve been responsible for a lot of the things
that have been happening because my intentions weren’t always pure. But
from now on, I’m going to be good. I’m only going to send out good vibes
so that only good vibes can come back to me and my family. Oh, I bet
you'd like some cookies with your tea.
Tabitha: Yes, yes, actually --
Kay: I will be right back with them.
Tabitha: Hmm. We'll see what Kay’s attitude is about being good when
her goodness comes back to bite her in her behind.
[Tabitha chuckles]
David: Well, thanks for being so honest. At least I now know you
realize I’m not a liar or a con man.
Sam: Now, if you'll excuse us, we need to decide how to tell our
family about you and your relationship with Grace.
David: Of course. If I could be of help in any way --
Sam: No, thank you. Our family’s our business, not yours.
David: Right. Right.
Sam: We'll deal with your marriage to Hastings later, but right now I
think the kids are most important.
Grace: Yeah, the kids. I guess we should call a family meeting and be
completely honest with them, tell them everything.
Sam: Yeah. A simple, straightforward approach, I think, is the best
way to handle this.
Grace: I just hope they understand.
Beth: You're David Hastings, the photographer, aren’t you?
David: Yes, I am.
Beth: Well, I’m Beth Wallace and a huge fan of your work.
David: Thank you. I’m flattered.
Beth: I am also an amateur photographer.
David: Well, since I will be in Harmony for the foreseeable future,
you'll have to show me your work sometime.
Beth: Well, how about right now? I just got these pictures back from
my trip with my photography club. Would you give me your professional
opinion?
David: Sure. Hmm. Well, this is an interesting angle. Good
composition. This is a great panoramic shot. Where was this taken?
Beth: Um -- that was Hartford, Connecticut.
Sheridan: You know who I am?
Doc: You bet I do.
Liz: Doc, please don’t do this. Now is not the right time.
Doc: It’s always time for the truth. And the truth is you were thrown
overboard, but not from a sailing ship.
Brian: Doc --
Doc: You were thrown overboard from an alien spaceship.
Sheridan: What?
Liz: Here we go again.
Doc: Once every hundred-earth years on the planet Corlan, the fairest
female of the species is exiled to appease the Gods. There’s an
elaborate send-off ceremony, and then the female is put on a spaceship
where she’s sent to earth and dropped in the ocean. Then --
Brian: Doc, you're scaring her. Why don’t you give it a rest?
Doc: She can take it. Corlanian women are strong.
[Speaking Corlan language]
Whitney: Mom, please, you have to do something to stop Ethan and Luis
from killing Mr. Crane.
Eve: Why? You saw what happened with those two policemen. They
wouldn’t even help Julian. They hate him as much as anyone else.
Whitney: But that’s beside the point, mom.
Eve: No, honey, that is the point. Luis and Ethan could beat Julian
to death and no jury’s going to convict them. I doubt there'd even be a
trial.
Whitney: Mom, you're a doctor. You're supposed to be protecting life,
not aiding and abetting murder.
Eve: Well, I think of Julian’s death as more of a mercy killing. It
would put us out of our misery.
Whitney: Mom, what’s gotten into you? I mean, you've always taught
Simone and me that life is precious, that everyone is here for a reason.
If you don’t live by the values that you teach us, then how can you
expect us to? Unless it’s all been just a big lie.
Eve: Luis! Ethan! Let Julian go!
Ethan: Why should we?
Luis: He hurt Theresa somehow. He deserves whatever he gets.
Ethan: Yeah, and then some.
Eve: Look, I understand your anger, but you don’t have all the facts.
Luis: So we'll beat them out of him.
Ethan: Yeah.
Eve: I can save you the trouble. Let me tell you the whole story. And
once you know the truth, you can decide what to do with Julian.
David: Yes, Hartford, oh, well -- I didn’t recognize it at first. I
haven’t been there in over 20 years and the city’s obviously changed a
lot since then. So much has changed since then.
Sam: I’ll call Kay and get things rolling.
[Phone rings]
Kay: Don’t get up. I’ll see who’s calling. Lenox residence.
Sam: Kay, it’s me.
Kay: Hey, dad. If you're looking for mom, she’s not --
Sam: No, no, she’s here with me. How are things over at Tabitha’s?
Kay: Fine. I’m having tea and cookies with Tabitha and her doll.
Sam: Will you do me a favor and stay there? We need to have a family
meeting.
Kay: Why? Is something wrong?
Tabitha: Is it ever, toots.
Sam: No. Your mother and I will explain when we get there. And do me
a favor -- get Jessica, too.
Kay: Sure. But she'll want to know what the meeting’s about.
Tabitha: This is all about turning Kay to the dark side once Grace
and Sam tell her she was born a little bastard. Oh, Timmy, the fun is
about to begin.
Liz: Doc, doc, enough with the alien hooey. This woman is not an
extraterrestrial.
Doc: That’s what the Corlanian want us to think.
Brian: Doc, listen to Liz and zip it.
Doc: Face facts, you two. We are right in the middle of the Bermuda
triangle.
Liz: Doc, stop it.
Doc: Just let me take a Sample of her skin tissue.
Sheridan: What?
Brian: If you so much as try to touch her --
Doc: You'll see I’m right.
Liz: Ok, doc, you know what? I saw some crop circles in the middle of
a sugar cane field. I really need you to analyze them.
Doc: That sounds like Corlanian code.
Liz: Ok.
Doc: I’ll have it translated in no time.
Liz: This way.
Doc: Show me where.
Brian: I am sorry about that. Doc -- he’s a first-rate physician, but
otherwise he’s totally whacked. I think it’s the sun. Liz thinks it’s
the rum.
Sheridan: I just wish he hadn’t gotten my hopes up. I still can’t
remember who I am.
Brian: Look, I don’t want you to worry about it, ok? We're going to
find out who you are. I don’t know how, but we will. Hey, one thing’s
for sure -- you didn’t fall out of the sky like doc thinks.
Sheridan: What am I going to do? I can’t remember a thing. I don’t
know where I live, where I’m from. I can’t even go home because I don’t
know where home is!
Brian: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Take it easy. Just try to relax. We'll
figure it out, ok?
Sheridan: I’m just so afraid, Brian. What am I going to do? I have
nowhere to go. I have no one to help me.
Eve: Ethan, Luis, the truth is that Pilar was upset about Julian
because of Ivy, not Theresa.
Luis: What?
Ethan: Yeah, you lost us.
Eve: Pilar was upset with Julian because he went into Ivy’s room and
he was upsetting her after she was recovering from surgery. And after
the deplorable way that he has treated her all these years, the last
thing that Ivy needed was more upset, especially since she just regained
consciousness.
Luis: Mama, is that true? Is it Ivy you were talking about when you
pointed to Julian and said that he needed to be punished for what he did
to her?
Pilar: Yes. That’s why I was angry. When eve told me what had
happened, I couldn’t control myself.
Luis: I don’t give a damn what you do with your ex-wife, but I do
understand why my mother was angry with you.
Ethan: And Pilar and Ivy are going to be in-laws soon.
Nurse: You -- you stay out of Mrs. Crane’s room from now on.
Julian: Are you giving me orders?
Nurse: You better believe I am. I don’t know what it is you did to
Mrs. Crane’s I.V., But thank God I caught it in time.
Ethan: Caught what?
Nurse: Your mother wasn’t getting all of her medication thanks to Mr.
Meddlesome here.
Ethan: Well, I knew you went into her room and you upset her, but I
didn’t know you tampered with her I.V.
Julian: I didn’t touch Ivy’s I.V. Or anything else in her room.
Nurse: I don’t believe you.
Julian: Look here, you witch --
Nurse: Someone broke Mrs. Crane’s I.V. Drip. And one of the nurses
overheard what you said to your ex. He called her &quot;the whore of
Harmony.&quot; So it’s not too big a leap to think that you might want to
tamper and break her I.V.
Ethan: Damn you, Julian. Don’t you ever touch my mother again!
Sheridan: What am I going to do? Where am I going to live?
Brian: Don’t you worry about it. You can stay right here.
Sheridan: Brian, are you sure?
Brian: Yeah. You can stay here at Liz’s hotel as long as you want.
Liz: Brian, what are you doing? How can she stay here? Who’s going to
pay her bills?
Ethan: For over 20 years you made my mother’s life miserable! But was
that enough for you? No! You had to try to kill her while she was
unconscious!
Julian: I didn’t do anything.
Ethan: You lying bastard, I could kill you.
Luis: Ethan, come on! Just let it go, all right? It ain’t worth it.
Chad: Forget him, all right? Listen, listen, listen. Let’s go
somewhere. We'll have a drink, all right? Just relax. Come on.
Luis: Listen -- you lucked out this time. Don’t you ever cross my
family, or I’ll kill you myself.
Julian: Thank you for saving me from those vigilantes. I can tell you
still have feelings for me.
Eve: Yes, I do, Julian. Pure hate. The only reason I stopped Ethan
and Luis from giving you the beating that you deserve is because of
Theresa. I don’t want her brother or her fiancé to get in trouble. But
if Luis or Ethan find out that you got Theresa drunk, married her, and
then had sex with her, the combined armed forces will not be able to
keep them from killing you. So you get your marriage to Theresa
annulled, Julian, or you're dead. Dead, Julian. Dead.
Beth: So, has Hartford really changed that much? Oh, look. There’s
Saint Anastasia’s church.
David: Yes, so it is. A beautiful church. It has a wonderful side
chapel with an angel statue in it.
Beth: Oh, I wish I had known. I would have asked to take a picture.
David: Oh. Next time.
Beth: Yeah. So, what do you think about my photos? Are they any good?
David: Well, I certainly didn’t expect to see what I did.
Kay: Yeah, well, I can find Jessica by the time you and mom get home.
Sam: All right. We'll see you soon, sweetheart.
Kay: Ok. Bye, dad.
Sam: Bye, sweetheart.
Grace: Just hope the girls won’t be too upset when we tell them that
we're not married.
Sam: With all the love we've given them through the years, I’m sure
they'll handle this just fine. Then things can get back the way they
were before Hastings came to Harmony.
Grace: I hope so, Sam. I love you so much.
Kay: He wants me to find Jessica. We're going to have a family
meeting or something. Mom and dad have something important to tell us.
Tabitha: What do you think it is, dear?
Kay: I don’t know. But the last time they called a family meeting was
to tell us we were going to go on vacation to New York. Maybe this time
it’s Hawaii? I got to go find Jessica.
Tabitha: Kay’s not going to Hawaii, but she will be saying aloha to
her goodness once she hears the story of Grace and David Hastings. That
bombshell and the realization that she’s illegitimate will just make her
snap. Watch out, Harmony. Here comes the queen of mean -- Kay Bennett!
[Tabitha chuckles]
Tabitha: Ooh.
[Tabitha chuckles] Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site

 Try today's short recap or
 detailed update!



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 10/10/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Wednesday 10/10/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Liz: Ahem.
Sheridan: This is so kind of you.
Brian: I&#39;m only doing what anyone else would do. So you can stay here for as
long as you like, ok?
Liz: You have some nerve, Brian O&#39;Leary, giving away my hospitality.

Hank: Luis, you all right?
Luis: Yeah. Hank, it&#39;s just that everywhere I go reminds me of Sheridan. I
don&#39;t know how I&#39;m going to go on without her.
Hank: I know it&#39;s rough, buddy.
Luis: It&#39;s just impossible for me to imagine my life without her.

Miguel: Charity, what is it?
Charity: I was just thinking about how Luis lost Sheridan, and it reminded me
of what the tree said on Warlock Island. It said I could stop the storm as long
as I gave up what I loved the most, which is you.
Miguel: Charity, you are not going to lose me. I love you.
Charity: But I can&#39;t shake the feeling. And I keep thinking that somehow Kay
is mixed up in taking you away from me.

Tabitha: Oh. Did you find your sister yet, dear?
Kay: No, but I left a message for her to come here. I just wish my parents
would hurry up and get here. I want to know what this family meeting is about.

Tabitha: Well, Sam didn&#39;t say?
Kay: No. But I think it&#39;s about family vacation. I hope it&#39;s Hawaii.
Tabitha: That would be lovely, wouldn&#39;t it?
Kay: Yeah. You know, I think that my efforts to be good are already starting
to pay off. And I think this room could probably use some tidying up, so I will
be right back.

Tabitha: Her attempt at being a good person will be completely forgotten when
she hears Grace and Sam&#39;s news. Just you wait and see, Timmy. When she finds out
that she&#39;s a bastard, she&#39;ll renounce all goodness and go right back to being
evil.
Timmy: You mean, Kay will go back to seducing Miguel?
Tabitha: Right. And this time, she won&#39;t give up until she&#39;s succeeded. And
Charity and Miguel will be finished once and for all.

Grace: I&#39;m going to be so happy when we get to move in to our new house.
Sam: Well, it won&#39;t be long, sweetheart.
Grace: I just hope that Kay and Jessica aren&#39;t too upset when we tell them
about us.
Sam: Yeah, me, too. But I think honesty is the best way to handle this.
Grace: Yeah, I definitely believe that. It&#39;s just going to be hard to tell
them that our marriage isn&#39;t valid.
Sam: Well, I think once we tell them what happened, I&#39;m sure they&#39;ll
understand.
Grace: Well, Sam, how am I going to tell my children that there&#39;s a strange
man that has come to town and it just so happens that I was married to him
before I had amnesia?
Sam: Exactly like that. That&#39;s what happened. You had amnesia when you
married me. You had no idea you were already married.
Grace: You make it sound so simple.
Sam: Well, maybe not simple, but a problem we can deal with. Once your
marriage to David is annulled by the church, you can get a simple divorce, and
we can get married again. Grace, this is what you want, isn&#39;t it? To marry me?
Or do you want to stay married to David?

Miguel: Charity, I wish you&#39;d stop worrying about Kay.
Charity: I can&#39;t. I can&#39;t help it. She&#39;s my cousin. I love her. But I can&#39;t
shake this strong feeling that she&#39;s just waiting there in the wings to take you
away from me.
Miguel: Ok, well, this time your strong feeling is just wrong. I mean, Kay
and I have been friends since we were kids. And even if she did want me, it
wouldn&#39;t matter. You&#39;re the only woman I&#39;ll ever love.
Charity: But I can&#39;t stop thinking about what the tree said. The tree said I
was going to lose the thing I love most. That&#39;s you.
Miguel: You&#39;re not going to lose me.
Charity: But -- I&#39;ve been reading up on the folklore about trees, and
throughout the ages, they&#39;ve been seen as symbols of truth and wisdom and
honesty.
Miguel: Ok. Well, I have my own theory as to why you were having a
conversation with a tree. I got it from a book.
Charity: &quot;The Lord of the Rings.&quot;
Miguel: You did a report on the trilogy last semester, remember? I think you
got so carried away with the magic in these books that it was in your
subconscious when you got stressed out on Warlock Island. So you imagined the
tree was talking to you.
Charity: I don&#39;t -- I don&#39;t know, Miguel. I have a really hard time believing
that I was brainwashed by Tolkien.
Miguel: Charity, you have a fantastic imagination. It makes sense to me.
Charity: You&#39;re positive I&#39;m not going to lose you?
Miguel: I&#39;m positive. You&#39;re not going to lose anything.

Beth: Luis. Hey.
Luis: Hey.
Beth: I was so sorry to hear about Sheridan. I know how heartbroken you must
be.
Luis: Thanks.
Beth: Listen, if there&#39;s anything that I can do, please ask. Ok?
Luis: Yeah. Yeah, I will.

Hank: I know you&#39;re hurting, buddy, but Sheridan wouldn&#39;t want you to stop
living.
Luis: I know. I should get on with my life.
Hank: You could try.
Luis: I will. It&#39;s -- it&#39;s just that I miss her so much. You know, I just
remembered we had that conversation about you know when you find the right girl.
Remember that?
Hank: Yeah, I remember.
Luis: And we both said that we would know when we found our soul mate. I
found my soul mate. It was Sheridan. Hank, Sheridan meant everything to me. And
she&#39;s gone now. She&#39;s gone forever. So what am I supposed to do? I mean, how do
I get over that? How do I just go on with my life?

Sheridan: This is so kind of you. I don&#39;t know how I&#39;ll ever repay you.
Brian: Don&#39;t you worry about it, miss.
Liz: Ahem.
Brian: You just concentrate on getting your strength back, ok?
Sheridan: You don&#39;t have to keep calling me &quot;miss.&quot;
Brian: What should I call you, then?
Sheridan: I don&#39;t know. I guess we&#39;ll have to come up with a name since I
can&#39;t remember who I am.
Brian: All right. What&#39;s the first name that comes into your mind? First
thing.
Sheridan: Diana.
Brian: Diana. Ok. From now on, you&#39;re Diana.
Sheridan: I wonder why that name came to me. Maybe I knew someone named
Diana.
Brian: I&#39;m not sure. But I&#39;m sure it will all come back to you very soon.
Liz, I would like to introduce you to Diana.
Liz: Hello, Diana.

Sam: Grace, you do want to marry me, don&#39;t you?
Grace: Oh, Sam, more than anything in the world. And I want us to be a family
again.
Sam: Good. Because I love you. I want our marriage to be as rock solid as
this house we&#39;re building. I want us to be as solid as these beams, Grace --
together, inseparable, drawing strength from each other.
Grace: Well, that&#39;s how I&#39;ve always seen our marriage -- strong and stable.

Sam: Well, nothing&#39;s changed. Just a few bumps in the road. Makes a marriage
stronger.
Sam: Our names will be there together forever in the strength of this house.

Grace: Always together.
Sam: Yeah. Let&#39;s go talk to the girls. We&#39;ll talk to Charity when she gets
home.
Grace: Yeah, and got to call Noah, too.
Sam: Yeah. As soon as everyone knows the situation, then we can start to deal
with it. It won&#39;t be long. Pretty soon, our new home will be built and we&#39;ll be
married again for real.
Grace: For real.
Sam: And our lives will be perfect again.
Grace: Mm-hmm.&nbsp;

Miguel: I&#39;m really sorry, bro.
Luis: Yeah. Me, too.
Miguel: You know, it&#39;s almost unbelievable what could have happened to you.

Luis: Yeah. I still can&#39;t believe it.
Charity: Hey, we have something to give to you. It might help.
Miguel: We put it together on the computer. It&#39;s all the pictures we could
find of you and Sheridan. Kind of a history of your relationship.
Charity: We were going to give it to you as part of your wedding present.
Luis: It&#39;s really sweet of you two. Thank you.
Charity: I know how horrible the explosion must have been. It was horrible
when I saw it.
Hank: When you saw it?
Luis: What are you talking about?
Charity: Um --
Miguel: It&#39;s ok.
Charity: I had a premonition of you and Sheridan on a boat, and I saw the
boat explode.
Luis: My God.
Charity: We wanted to warn you, but we were on the island. We couldn&#39;t find a
phone.
Miguel: And because of the hurricane, you know --
Luis: No, no, no. I don&#39;t think it would have mattered. I wouldn&#39;t have
believed that something like that could have happened. The sun was shining, and
the boat was perfect. Sheridan was beautiful. I don&#39;t think we would have given
your premonition a second thought.

Doc: Well, how&#39;s our little mermaid feeling?
Brian: You&#39;re not -- you&#39;re not here to talk about more of your Bermuda
triangle theories, are you? Because it was a little upsetting to Diana the first
time.
Doc: No, no. No more theories. I&#39;m just simply here to examine the patient
again.
Brian: Good.
Liz: Brian, while doc examines the patient, why don&#39;t you come with me. We
have a few things to discuss.
Brian: Ok. So, I&#39;ll be in the lobby with Liz, if you need me.
Sheridan: Thank you. But are you sure it&#39;s all right? I mean, last time he
thought I was an alien.
Brian: Yeah. Don&#39;t worry. In spite of all doc&#39;s &quot;x-files&quot; theories, he is a
really good doctor.
Sheridan: Ok.
Doc: Don&#39;t worry. I just want to check you over.
Sheridan: Ok. But you&#39;re not going to start talking to me in that alien
tongue again, are you?
Liz: What are you doing, Brian, promising that woman she could stay here at
the hotel?
Brian: She has nowhere else to go, Liz.
Liz: I&#39;m not running a charity here, Brian. Who&#39;s going to pay for her keep?

Brian: I will.
Liz: Oh, you will? And who is going to pay for all the bills with your name
on them, Brian? Who is going to pay for your bills?

Grace: We were going to wait till Charity got here, but we decided that we
could tell her later.
Kay: Ok. So, what&#39;s up?
Jessica: Yeah. What did you guys want to talk to us about?

Tabitha: When Kay finds out that her parents aren&#39;t married, she&#39;s going to
go ballistic. And very soon, evil will reign again in Harmony, thanks to Ms. Kay
Bennett.&nbsp;

Luis: Look at this one, Hank. We had such a good time that day.
Hank: I don&#39;t want to sound like a monster or anything, Luis, but you can&#39;t
mourn Sheridan forever.
Luis: Forever?
Hank: I just don&#39;t want to see you walking around like -- like those people
dressed in black the rest of their lives, never giving up their grief.
Luis: Your concern, but I can&#39;t just suddenly flip a switch and be ok, all
right?
Hank: Yeah. Yeah, you&#39;re right. I&#39;m sorry. I&#39;ll stop bugging you.
Hank: I hope you don&#39;t waste away the rest of your life, my friend. Sheridan
is never coming back.

Sheridan: Earlier you thought that I had been dropped into the ocean by an
alien spacecraft. You weren&#39;t serious, though, were you?
Doc: Well, all of us on this island are from somewhere. We&#39;re all running
from something, hiding from something, trying to get away from something. Why
should you be any different?
Sheridan: You&#39;re all running or hiding?
Doc: In some way or another, yes.
Sheridan: And, you think that I&#39;m from another planet?
Doc: Could you take a deep breath for me, please?
Sheridan: It&#39;s so strange. I mean, you seem like a good doctor.
Doc: I am. Another deep breath, please.
Sheridan: And yet, you believe in aliens and strange happenings in the
Bermuda triangle.
Doc: Well, I&#39;m not alone in thinking there are many unexplained things in the
universe.
Sheridan: You really think that I&#39;m from the planet Corlan and that I was the
most beautiful female on the planet, so they exiled me to earth?
Sheridan: What&#39;s that?
Doc: Here. Look at these constellations and tell me if you recognize any of
them because here is the planet from which you came.

Liz: I&#39;m serious, Brian. You can&#39;t pay what you owe. How can you afford to
take care of Diana&#39;s bills, too?
Brian: Look, Liz, you know that I&#39;m good for it. Every time I go out to sea,
I give you every penny I&#39;ve earned. Don&#39;t I?
Liz: If the fishing&#39;s good, yes. But there are times that you come home
empty-handed, and you know it.
Brian: I know.
Liz: Why you bother with those fishing boats, I don&#39;t know. I mean, with your
skills and your knowledge of the sea, you could be making real money on those
exclusive charter boats. There is no reason you have to stay on this island.
Brian: Maybe I like it.
Liz: Oh, then you&#39;re crazy. Me -- I&#39;m stuck here because I bought this
Godforsaken hotel and I know I&#39;ll never be able to sell it. And doc -- he&#39;s
stuck here because he lost his license to practice in the United States after
people found out about his theories on space travel. But you&#39;re not stuck here
at all. You could leave if you wanted to.
Brian: I wouldn&#39;t say that.
Liz: Why not? What are you hiding from, Brian? Who are you?
Brian: Look, I am who I am. Nothing more, nothing less. What you see is what
you get.
Liz: I don&#39;t believe you. I want to know who you really are, Brian. I think
it&#39;s time you were honest with me. Why are you hiding on this island?

Charity: I just don&#39;t know what I would do if I lost you, Miguel.
Miguel: Charity, you are not going to lose me. What is it?
Charity: I just got a really bad feeling. Something&#39;s happening, Miguel.
Right here in Harmony. Something that could tear us apart forever.

Kay: Ok. So, what&#39;s the story?
Grace: Um -- Sam, I --
Sam: Ok. I guess I&#39;ll just say it. David Hastings, a man from your mother&#39;s
past, has come to Harmony.
Jessica: You know, that&#39;s the guy who rented the room at the B-and-B. Yeah.

Grace: Yeah, exactly.
Kay: He&#39;s from mom&#39;s past?
Sam: Yes. He knew her before her amnesia.
Kay: That&#39;s fantastic, mom.
Jessica: Yeah, he can help you fill in all the blanks. I mean, that&#39;s what
you&#39;ve always wanted, right?
Kay: Yeah.
Grace: No. This kind of comes in the &quot;be careful what you wish for&quot; category.

Tabitha: Ain&#39;t that the truth.
Kay: What do you mean, mom?
Jessica: Yeah. Aren&#39;t you happy that this man can tell you about your past?

Kay: Mom -- what&#39;s going on?
Sam: Well, what we&#39;re trying to tell you is -- um -- when your mother was
younger, before her amnesia, before she met me --
Jessica: Yeah?
Sam: Your mother married David Hastings before she met me.
Grace: Which means that your father and I technically aren&#39;t married.
Kay: What? You two aren&#39;t married?
Tabitha: Watch out, Timmy. Here comes the explosion.&nbsp;

Miguel: Charity, you&#39;re letting your imagination take over again. You have to
fight it, ok? Nothing is happening here that&#39;s going to split us up.
Charity: How do you know?
Miguel: I just know. Look, I think that you should go home and get some rest.
It&#39;s been a long day.
Charity: Yeah, it has. I&#39;ll just go back to Tabitha.
Miguel: We should say good-bye to Luis.
Charity: I feel so bad for him.
Miguel: So do I.
Charity: Miguel, I have the strongest feeling that Sheridan&#39;s not really
dead.
Miguel: Charity -- I mean, they identified her body with her fingerprints and
her dental records. She really is dead.
Charity: I know, but I still feel her presence.
Miguel: Well, I hope you won&#39;t say anything to Luis about it, ok? You&#39;d get
his hopes up, and that would be too cruel. He has to accept that Sheridan&#39;s
gone.
Hank: You&#39;re still in love with him, aren&#39;t you?
Beth: What?
Hank: I see the way that you stare at Luis. You&#39;re still crazy about him.
Beth: Look, right now I&#39;m just worried about him, Hank. And I&#39;m praying that
God will give him the strength to get over Sheridan.

Doc: Are you sure you don&#39;t recognize any of the stars?
Sheridan: I&#39;m sorry, but none -- I don&#39;t know anything about the stars.
Doc: Well, it was worth a shot. The Corlanian leadership obviously erased
your memory before they dropped you into the sea.
Sheridan: Ok.
Doc: Ok. Could you --
Sheridan: Oh, yeah.
Doc: Ok. No swelling, no broken bones, just a few bruises. Do you think you
can stand?
Sheridan: I think so.
Doc: Let&#39;s give it a try.
Sheridan: Feels good to stand. I&#39;d love to see what it looks like outside.
Oh. The moon is so bright. I can really see how beautiful this island is.

Brian: So, since we&#39;re playing truth or dare, Liz, why don&#39;t you answer me a
few questions. Why did you buy this little place on this little island? What are
you running from?
Liz: You&#39;re not going to answer my questions, are you?
Brian: Are you?
Brian: Ok, fine.
Liz: Brian, I am not an ogre and I don&#39;t want to kick her out, but I can&#39;t
afford another mouth to feed.
Brian: Oh, and you don&#39;t think that I&#39;m capable of paying for her keep, is
that it?
Liz: I didn&#39;t mean that. All right. All right. Maybe when she&#39;s better, she
can help out around here. I don&#39;t know, do some housekeeping, cooking,
something.
Brian: So you&#39;re saying that she can stay?
Liz: Like you said, she has nowhere else to go.
Brian: That&#39;s the goodhearted Liz that I know and love.
Liz: And that&#39;s the blarney you&#39;re so good at throwing around. I really wish
I were tougher, you know. Hey, but maybe she will turn out to be a good
investment. You know? Maybe she will be rich and her family will buy this hotel
from me as thanks for taking her in.
Brian: No, no. There&#39;s no one looking for her.
Liz: You really don&#39;t want her to leave, do you, Brian? Because she&#39;s just
like you. She comes from nowhere, knows no one. Running, like you.
Brian: We agreed not to ask each other anymore questions. We take each other
at face value, all right?
Liz: Ok. But Diana is the only one here who really doesn&#39;t know who she is. I
just hope when she finds out, it doesn&#39;t hurt her. Or you.

Jessica: This is unbelievable.
Kay: You two aren&#39;t married. You guys aren&#39;t married?
Timmy: Kay looks like steam is about to come out of her ears.
Tabitha: Isn&#39;t it wonderful?
Jessica: This must be so hard on you guys. I am so sorry.
Grace: Oh, thank you, sweetie.
Sam: Thank you.
Kay: But what happens now? How do we fix it?
Grace: Well, I ask the church to annul my marriage to David.
Sam: And then she&#39;ll get a civil divorce. And once that happens, we&#39;ll get
remarried. No, wait a minute -- we&#39;ll get married for the first time.
Kay: For the first time.
Jessica: What&#39;s wrong with you, Kay? I mean, can&#39;t you even see how stressed
mom and dad are?
Kay: Jessica, do you know what this means for us?
Jessica: No, of course I do! But think about them! Can&#39;t you think about but
yourself for a change?
Kay: You&#39;re right. I was being selfish, and I&#39;m sorry. Ok? I&#39;m sorry.
Timmy: What happened, Tabby? Timmy thought Kay was supposed to blow up and
turn evil.
Tabitha: I don&#39;t know. But if Kay doesn&#39;t turn evil soon, if she doesn&#39;t
sleep with Miguel and break him and Charity up as I promised our friends in the
basement she would, we&#39;re finished, dead.
Grace: Hey, it&#39;s really not such a tragedy, you know? I mean, I&#39;m already
getting excited about planning a wedding. I mean, both of you and Charity will
be bridesmaids.
Sam: And Noah could be my best man.
Jessica: Oh, it&#39;ll be wonderful. We could have. We could have the reception
in the back yard -- you know, a winter wonderland wedding.
Grace: Yeah.
Jessica: It&#39;ll be fun, won’t it, Kay?
Kay: Yeah.
Grace: Hey, you know, and we can put up lots of little white lights in the
back yard and have a sleigh ride to the church.
Jessica: Oh, and you and Noah can wear little white dinner jackets. Oh! It&#39;ll
be cool. I think everything should be in white -- you know, white flowers and
white lights and white ribbons in the church. And, oh, God, can’t you just see
us walking down the aisle?
Kay: Yeah. Yeah, I have an idea. You and me and Noah -- we can all wear a big
sign around our neck that says &quot;bastard.&quot; How’s that for an idea? That would be
good, right?
Tabitha: We&#39;re off, Timmy. This is what I’ve been dreaming about.

Brian: Diana, you&#39;re standing.
Sheridan: I’m much better. Felt like walking around. You were gone for quite
a while. Is there a problem with me staying here?
Brian: No. No problem at all. You&#39;re welcome to stay here as long as you
like.
Sheridan: Great. I wonder how long that will be. I mean, if I wasn’t reported
missing, then that means that no one’s looking for me. I mean, who am I? Where
did I come from? Why isn’t anyone looking for me? Don’t I have any friends or
family or --
Brian: Diana -- Diana, calm down. Ok? If no one’s looking for you, that just
means that you fit in right here. I mean, come on, no one’s looking for Doc or
Liz or for me. We&#39;re like a family here on this island. You&#39;re just like us. And
now you can be a part of that family.
Sheridan: You really think of me as part of your family?
Brian: Absolutely.
Doc: Brian’s already become attached to this girl.
Liz: I know. And when she finds out who she is and leaves this island, I
wonder how he’s going to take it.
Doc: Leaves the island? None of us have ever left this island.

Beth: Poor Luis. I’ve never seen him so miserable.
Hank: Neither have I. You know, I always thought things would turn out
differently for us.
Beth: So did I, Hank.
Hank: I never thought that Luis would fall in love with Sheridan. I always
thought that you two would end up together.
Beth: Yeah. Well, I wanted it to happen. But when Luis and I were together,
his family had to come first.
Hank: After his father disappeared, huh?
Beth: Yeah. And by the time Sheridan came along, Miguel and Theresa were
almost grown, so Luis was free to start a relationship with Sheridan. You know,
I just wish things had turned out differently.

Sam: Kay, that’s uncalled for.
Grace: Look, sweetheart, just calm down.
Jessica: You&#39;re being selfish again. You know, you should think about Mom and
Dad.
Kay: Why should I, Jessica? We are already the laughingstock of the town.
This is just going to be icing on the cake.
Grace: What are you talking about?
Kay: Mom, I can’t even walk down the street without people pointing at me and
saying, &quot;There goes Kay Bennett. You know, her family’s nuts.&quot; Or &quot;there goes
Kay Bennett. Her cousin sees dead people.&quot; Or &quot;there goes Kay Bennett. Her house
was swallowed by demons.&quot; And now -- now they&#39;re going to be able to say, “There
goes Kay Bennett, the bastard.&quot;
Sam: Kay, listen, that’s not going to happen.
Kay: Dad --
Sam: Kay --
Kay: That is it. I am through trying to be good. From now on, I’m going to do
whatever I want and to hell with everyone else! Miguel is the man I love, and I
swear he’s going to be mine!

Voice: Beware.
Second voice: Beware.
Charity: Did you hear that?
Miguel: What? I don’t hear anything.
Charity: That voice saying, &quot;beware&quot;?
Voice: Beware.
Second voice: Beware.
Charity: There it is again. It’s warning us, Miguel.
Miguel: Warning us about what?
Charity: I don’t know. But something’s being put in motion that’s going to
hurt us. I can just feel it.

Luis: Good-bye, Sheridan. I’ll love you forever.

Sheridan: This is such a beautiful island, from what I can see.
Brian: It is. You know, maybe even after you find out who you are, you&#39;ll
want to stay.
Liz: Oh, Brian. You could be setting yourself up for a world of hurt.

Grace: Well, I -- I guess maybe Kay just needs some space.
Sam: Yeah, we&#39;ll talk to her when she calms down. I mean, she knows that we
love her. All we have to do is remind her of the love our family shares, and
she&#39;ll realize nothing has changed.
Grace: Yeah, you&#39;re right. We&#39;ll just make sure she knows how much we all
love her. She&#39;ll be ok.
Tabitha: Oh. Ooh. No amount of love will stop what’s being put in motion
here.
Timmy: Kay was pretty mad.
Tabitha: She’s furious. And she’s renounced being good and embraced being
evil. Oh, she&#39;ll cause the kind of pain and suffering that no mortals can even
dream of unleashing. Oh, Timmy, this is a great day! Kay will never let Charity
and Miguel make love now. Charity is doomed.
Kay: Nothing’s going to stop me now. Miguel’s going to be mine no matter what
I have to do. Charity be damned! As God is my witness, I will never be good
again!

Charity: I’m not just imagining this, Miguel. I heard the voice saying
&quot;beware.&quot; I’m so sure of it.
Miguel: But I didn’t hear anything.
Charity: But just -- just listen, ok? Listen.
Voice: Beware.
Second voice: Beware.
First voice: Beware.
Second voice: Beware.
First voice: Beware.
Second voice: Beware.
First voice: Beware.
Voices: Beware. Beware. Beware. Beware. Beware.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 10/11/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 10/11/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Beth: He&#39;s been doing that for over an hour, looking at that photo album
Miguel and Charity gave him.
Hank: Well, with all those pictures of him and Sheridan --
Beth: He finishes it and then he starts at the beginning again, over and
over.
Hank: God, I wish he&#39;d just stop torturing himself. Sheridan&#39;s dead and she&#39;s
never coming back.
Beth: That&#39;s a little bit harsh, Hank. I mean, Luis does need to mourn. He
needs to say good-bye to Sheridan in his heart.
Hank: Yes, but she&#39;d want him to get on with his life.

Sheridan: You know, I am feeling much better. It&#39;s not too late to go out, is
it?
Brian: You know, I don&#39;t know.
Sheridan: I would love to see more of the island.
Doc: Oh, that sounds like a fine idea. Walking around will get Diana’s blood
flowing. It might even jog her memory.
Sheridan: Maybe I&#39;ll even remember my real name.
Brian: Ok. Ok, we&#39;ll go for a walk. We&#39;ll stay out as long as you want.
Doc: I&#39;ll be in the lobby.
Brian: Ok.
Liz: Brian, can I see you for a minute?
Brian: Excuse me one second.
Sheridan: Ok.
Liz: You think this is a good idea? It&#39;s late and you have to work in the
morning, put out to sea before dawn.
Brian: We&#39;ll see.
Liz: &quot;We&#39;ll see&quot;? Brian, you got bills. You have to work to pay those bills.
Brian: Yeah, don&#39;t you think I realize that, Liz?
Liz: And what about the money you promised me for letting Diana or whatever
her name is stay here?
Brian: You&#39;ll get it. It&#39;s just -- I don&#39;t know, I&#39;m thinking about taking
tomorrow off maybe.
Liz: Off? Brian, you don&#39;t work, you don&#39;t get a paycheck. You don&#39;t get
paid, I don&#39;t get paid.
Brian: Would you relax? You will get paid. I&#39;m talking about one day here,
that&#39;s it.
Liz: Brian, I see the way you look at her. I know it&#39;s not going to be just
one day.

Ivy: Well, how am I doing?
Eve: Better. Much better.
Ivy: Good. When can I go home?
Eve: In a few days.
Ivy: No, Eve, please, I want to get out of here now.
Eve: Yes, well, of course you do. But your health is the most important thing
right now and you&#39;re still paralyzed.
Ivy: The specialists said it was only temporary.
Eve: Yes, it is, but we&#39;re not taking any chances. We&#39;re going to wait for
the swelling in your spine to go down.
Nurse: Dr. Russell? There&#39;s a messenger outside who insists he has to
personally hand Mrs. Crane something.
Ivy: What is it?
Nurse: He wouldn&#39;t say.
Ivy: Well, send him in.
Eve: He can only stay for a minute, Ivy. You still need to rest.
Messenger: Ivy Crane?
Ivy: Yes?
Ivy: Well, I wonder what this is. Oh. My formal divorce decree from Julian.
Well, I already knew about that.
What?
Eve: What&#39;s wrong?
Ivy: As of midnight tonight, I am forbidden from entering the Crane estate.
Eve: Forbidden?
Ivy: Oh, Rebecca! Oh, this reeks of Rebecca! Well, Julian may have divorced
me, but he is not about my home. No way. I am not about to let Becky Wecky move
into my house. Eve, I have got to get out of here. I&#39;ve -- I&#39;ve got to get home!
I -- I need to kick Rebecca out on her big fat butt!

Rebecca: Oh, but, Mario, you are the most dramatic caterer on the east coast.
I just want you to think simplicity. Oh, well, of course I do. I want you to be
creative. Just -- just think simple and elegant. Julian. Mario, I’ll call you
right back. Julian, what happened to you?
Julian: Oh, I had a minor altercation with Pilar. It seems she&#39;s upset over
my divorcing Ivy.
Rebecca: Well, that bitch. She is so fired.
Julian: What?
Rebecca: Well, now that you&#39;ve divorced Ivy, there&#39;s no reason we have to
keep Pilar on.
Julian: We can&#39;t fire her.
Rebecca: Why not? She&#39;s just the maid. If I want to get rid of why can&#39;t I?
Julian: Because I said so.
Rebecca: Oh. Well, why are you so concerned about Pilar all of a sudden? What
does she have on you, Julian? Does she know some secret you&#39;re not telling me
about?

Pilar: Oh, damn it!
Theresa: Mama, are you all right?
Pilar: No, Theresa, I am not all right. And how can I be all right after what
happened to you in Bermuda? Marrying Julian Crane, losing your innocence to that
sick, horrible man.
Theresa: Mama, I was drunk, ok? It was a mistake.
Pilar: He got you drunk, Theresa. And it was more than just a mistake. It was
the worst thing I could possibly wish for you.
Theresa: Oh, Mama, everything will be taken care of. I mean, Julian -- he
will get the annulment and no one will ever know that we were married.
Pilar: Well, Julian must do it right away. Because if Ethan or Luis find out,
they&#39;ll kill him.
Theresa: I know, Mama, and that&#39;s the most important thing -- that Luis and
Ethan never find out.
Ethan: What can I never find out, Theresa?
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life

Beth: I brought you a refill, Luis.
Luis: Oh. Thanks, Beth.
Beth: If there&#39;s anything else I can do, just holler, ok?
Hank: How long are you going to keep doing this, buddy?
Luis: What?
Hank: Sit here staring at these photos.
Luis: I don&#39;t know. I just miss her so much.
Hank: Of course you do. But there&#39;s a fine line between mourning for somebody
else and mourning for yourself.
Luis: Is that what you think I’m doing?
Hank: I know I sound like I’m a jerk, like I’m being hard on you, but I see
this as tough love. You know, you&#39;re going to have to let Sheridan go. You&#39;re
not going to be able to do that by sitting here staring at pictures.

Sheridan: Is everything all right?
Brian: Fine. Everything is fine. Actually, Liz here was just offering for the
kitchen to make us some sandwiches. There&#39;s a little beach not far from here,
actually, in walking distance. We can have a nice little moonlight picnic.
Sheridan: That sounds wonderful.
Liz: And who&#39;s going to pay for those sandwiches?
Brian: Put them on my tab.
Sheridan: Shoes. I don&#39;t have any shoes and, I mean, these clothes are the
ones that you got me on the boat.
Brian: Yeah. Liz, would you mind letting Diana borrow something of yours to
wear?
Liz: Oh, I -- I&#39;m sure that my clothes wouldn&#39;t fit Diana. But there should
be something in here.
Brian: Whoa, that&#39;s a lot of suitcases.
Liz: Confiscated from guests who didn&#39;t pay their bills.
Brian: Oh, no kidding? Well, I&#39;m sure that there is something in there that
Diana can wear. I&#39;ll tell you what -- why don&#39;t you peel through all that stuff,
find something to put on, and I&#39;ll meet you in the lobby.
Sheridan: It&#39;ll be good to get out and walk around, see the island.
Liz: I&#39;m not running a charity here, you know.
Brian: You&#39;ll get your money, Liz.
Liz: Oh, yeah, I&#39;ll believe that when I see it.
Brian: She&#39;s lost her memory. She might not even have any family.
Liz: Well, if she does, I&#39;m hoping they&#39;re rich. Then they can give me a big,
fat reward for taking care of her.

Ethan: What can I never find out, Theresa?
Theresa: I don&#39;t want you to find out what Mama is making for dinner tonight.
It&#39;s a surprise.
Ethan: Are you serious? A surprise when I can smell it? Look, she&#39;s making my
favorite, arroz con pollo. She used to make it for me back at the mansion. Oh.
Sometimes it&#39;s like being a Crane was actually someone else&#39;s life. But you know
what? I&#39;m through living in the past. Right now I&#39;m going to stay totally
focused on my future, and you are my future, Theresa.
Theresa: Oh, I love you so much, Ethan.
Ethan: Yeah. I love you, too. But we have work to do. I&#39;ve made a list. So
why don&#39;t we sit down and start planning our wedding.
Theresa: Now?
Ethan: Do you have a better idea?
Theresa: Uh, no, I guess -- no. Mama --
Pilar: It&#39;s all so terrible, Theresa -- the lies, the deception, Ethan
wanting to marry you, not knowing that you&#39;re not free to marry.
Theresa: Mama, as soon as Julian gets the annulment, I&#39;ll be able to marry
Ethan. He will never know about Julian and me.
Ethan: Am I doing this all by myself?
Theresa: I&#39;m sorry. I&#39;m coming, I&#39;m coming.
Ethan: Ok. Well, first things first -- the license. Since we went to Bermuda,
our marriage license expired.
Theresa: Oh. Oh, so what do we have to do?
Ethan: Oh, just fill out another one. We just have to fill out this
application, then I&#39;ll take it to them tomorrow. &quot;Are the bride and groom
currently single, married, or divorced?&quot; Well, that&#39;s kind of a weird question.
I mean, can you imagine someone who&#39;s already married applying for a marriage
license? Ridiculous. Well, that&#39;s an easy question. Single for both of us.

Rebecca: Well, Julian? What does Pilar have on you?
Julian: Nothing. She -- she has absolutely nothing on me. But just think of
the bad publicity. Pilar could run to the tabloids and -- &quot;Cranes fire minority
housekeeper after years of loyal service.&quot; If father saw that, he would have a
cow.
Rebecca: Oh, all right, then. We&#39;ll keep her, for now. She&#39;s not number one
on my priority list. Number one is planning our wedding. Oh, there are so many
details.
Julian: Oh, for pity&#39;s sakes, Rebecca, I just got through telling you that
father doesn&#39;t want any more publicity.
Rebecca: Bad publicity. This is good.
Julian: Can&#39;t you wait a little longer? Uh -- Sheridan has just died, my
divorce has hit the papers, and for me to take another bride so quickly -- the
tabloids would love another scandal.
Rebecca: Oh, well, if they&#39;d love another scandal, I&#39;d be happy to give them
one. You know, I wonder how they would react when they hear that Julian Crane
arranged for the explosion that killed his sister.
Julian: Becca, please.
Rebecca: Well, here&#39;s the deal -- you marry me and I keep my mouth shut.
Remember, a wife cannot be forced to testify --
Julian: Testify against her husband. I know, I know.
Rebecca: But if you don&#39;t marry me, well, then I’ll sing like a nightingale
and, oh, my poor little pookie will go to the electric chair.

Ivy: I have to get home, Eve. I have to. I&#39;m not going to let Julian and
Rebecca kick me out of my house!
Eve: You can&#39;t leave now, Ivy. You&#39;re recovering from major surgery.
Ivy: No, I&#39;m -- I’m fine, Eve. Please just bring me my clothes.
Eve: No, I&#39;m not going to sign a release.
Ivy: Well, then I will sign myself out! Patients have that right!
Eve: You are being so foolish.
Ivy: I am going home, whether you sign off on it or not!
Eve: Ok. All right. You can leave. But first you&#39;re going to have to sign a
paper that says that neither I nor the hospital is&nbsp;liable and that you are
leaving against medical advice.
Ivy: Fine, I will sign anything. Just get me out of here!
Eve: I have to warn you, Ivy, if you leave now, there&#39;s a chance that you
could be permanently paralyzed.
Ivy: No. No, no, no. No, please, Eve, I am not going to let them take away
what I have earned by putting in 20 years in that poisonous, rotten marriage.
No. No. When I see Julian, I am going to rip his heart out! Oh, I mean, it&#39;s bad
enough that he went out of the country to divorce me, but to have Harper draw up
a document to keep me off the estate? That is too much! When I get a hold of
Julian -- oh, he&#39;s a dead man! Ooh!

Julian: Hmm. You can be so bad-tempered, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Well, I prefer to think of it as passionate. And you of all people
should appreciate that, Julian. See, because all that passion will be yours
forever. All you have to do is hold up your part of the bargain and no one will
ever know about Sheridan.
Harper: Sorry to interrupt.
Julian: Oh. Harper.
Rebecca: Oh, you&#39;re not here to tell us there was a problem with Julian’s
divorce from Ivy, are you? I don&#39;t want anything to hold up our marriage.
Harper: No, Ivy is out of the picture. All the papers have been filed.
Rebecca: Ah, you have made my day, Harper. Isn&#39;t that good news, Julian?
Julian: The best.
Rebecca: Well, I&#39;ll be popping in and out here. I have so many plans to make.
I want our wedding to be perfect. Ciao, caro.
Julian: Hmm.
Rebecca: Oh.
Harper: Your face.
Julian: Don&#39;t ask.
Harper: Obviously, you haven&#39;t told Rebecca that you married Theresa in
Bermuda.
Julian: Of course I didn&#39;t.
Harper: As your counsel, I&#39;m obliged to inform you that if you marry Rebecca,
you&#39;ll be a bigamist.
Julian: Astonishing conclusion, Harper. You must have been top of your class
at Harvard law.
Harper: Yes, I was, and one of the first things I learned is that the client
must be kept abreast of everything that&#39;s going on.
Julian: Oh,&nbsp;Well, that&#39;s what got me into trouble in the first place.
Harper: Well, the point is you must stall Rebecca.
Julian: Easy to say.
Harper: Well, you can&#39;t marry her, that&#39;s for sure.
Julian: Actually, you see, bigamy is the least of my problems when it comes
to Rebecca.
Harper: Really? Why? What else is going on? What could do your reputation
more harm than being a bigamist?
Julian: Being a murderer.

Hank: I hate to see you in pain. Is that so wrong, wanting my best friend to
feel better?
Luis: And you think all I have to do is just try?
Hank: Like I said before, I see this as tough love. I&#39;m not giving up on it.
So this is what I think you should do -- start small, have dinner with friends,
with me.
Luis: Yeah, that&#39;s small, all right.
Hank: Meet me at the Lobster Shack in an hour. So it&#39;s a date?
Luis: Yeah. Yeah, I guess.
Hank: See you there.
Beth: How&#39;s he doing?
Hank: He&#39;s going to be fine. Just fine.

Ethan: I want this to be a perfect wedding for you, Theresa.
Theresa: I know you do, Ethan.
Ethan: You know, after happened the first time we tried to get married, I
just want to make sure everything comes off just as we planned.
Theresa: Well with me.
Theresa: But I do, Ethan. I mean, she still thinks that I’m the person who
sent the e-mail to the tabloid saying that you weren&#39;t a Crane.
Ethan: But that&#39;s over, all right? I know you didn&#39;t send the e-mail.
Theresa, you are the woman I love, and my mother&#39;s just going to have to -- just
going to have to learn to deal with her anger.
Pilar: I&#39;m afraid that&#39;s not going to happen, Ethan.
Ethan: Why do you say that?
Pilar: I just know Ivy.
Ethan: Look, you know, I am not going to let anyone keep this from being a
perfect wedding for you. It&#39;s going to be our first and only wedding and it&#39;s
going to be a memory we share forever. I can&#39;t wait to marry my beautiful,
innocent bride.
Theresa: Oh! Mama!
Ethan: Pilar, are you all right?

Harper: Murder? What are you talking about, Julian?
Julian: I&#39;m going to tell you something, Harper.
Harper: Well, I hope it isn&#39;t what I think it is.
Julian: Sheridan&#39;s death? It was no accident.
Harper: Dear God, you killed your own sister?
Julian: Shh! Quiet!
Harper: Well, this time -- this time, you&#39;ve gone too far. I&#39;m out of here.
Julian: Harper, wait. Harper, it wasn&#39;t my idea. It was father’s.
Harper: Alistair&#39;s idea?
Julian: So if you abandon this family, you&#39;ll incur his wrath, and we both
know what that means. I would strongly advise against your running out on us.
Harper: All right. I&#39;ll stay.
Julian: That&#39;s a wise decision, Harper. So you see, I had my sister killed,
Rebecca knows, and if I don&#39;t marry her, she&#39;s going to blow the whistle.
Harper: Wait a minute. Rebecca is going to tell the police if you don&#39;t marry
her?
Julian: That&#39;s why this annulment you&#39;re looking at a long stretch in the
penitentiary, or worse.
Julian: Father and I were worried that if Sheridan married Luis, he would get
close to family secrets and start nosing around trying to find out what really
happened with his father&#39;s disappearance.
Harper: Luis still blames you and Alistair for that?
Julian: He can never gain access to the Crane family&#39;s secret files.
Harper: So to keep Luis away, you killed Sheridan?
Julian: God rest her soul.
Harper: But what&#39;s the logic in that? I don&#39;t get it, Julian.
Julian: You don&#39;t have to. Now you can see my predicament. I had Sheridan
killed, Rebecca knows. That&#39;s why I need my marriage to Theresa annulled ASAP.
Harper: All right, I’ll make a few more phone calls. But I have to give you
fair warning -- this is going to take time. Getting an overseas marriage
annulled is difficult. The best would be for you to persuade Rebecca to wait a
few months.
Julian: Well, that simply isn&#39;t going to happen. She wants to get married
now. If anyone stands in her way, Rebecca will eat them alive.

Eve: I&#39;ve arranged for a nurse to be with you around the clock.
Ivy: Wonderful.
Eve: The only problem is I don&#39;t know exactly where to send her.
Ivy: Send her to the Crane mansion, of course, Eve.
Eve: Ivy, Julian barred you from the Crane mansion.
Ivy: It&#39;s my home, Eve, and no one is going to keep me out of it.

Sheridan: Is that ours?
Brian: Yeah. I thought we might get hungry, so --
Sheridan: I am getting my appetite back.
Brian: Great. Let&#39;s go then.
Sheridan: Ok.
Woman: What a handsome couple you make do you mind if I take your picture?
Sheridan -- I don&#39;t know.
Brian: Um, sure. Why not?
Sheridan: I must look a mess.
Brian: No. You look incredible, really.
Woman: Go ahead. Keep it.
Brian: Oh, thank you.
Sheridan: Thank you.
Brian: Doc, do you mind holding on to this for us while we&#39;re out?
Doc: Sure.
Sheridan: You know, I just wanted to thank both of you from the bottom of my
heart for everything that you&#39;ve done.
Doc: It was our pleasure.
Sheridan: We&#39;ll be seeing you when we get back, I hope.
Liz: Oh, we&#39;re not going anywhere.
Sheridan: Ok. See you later.
Brian: See you later.
Doc: Well, looks Brian sure is smitten with Diana.
Liz: Yeah. I just hope he&#39;s not in over his head. What Brian doesn&#39;t realize
is that somebody is coming after that girl to take her back where she belongs.
And he&#39;s going to be left with just memories. I just don&#39;t want to see him get
his heart broken.

Luis: What happened?
Theresa: Oh, Mama just dropped a pot.
Luis: You ok?
Pilar: I&#39;m fine.
Ethan: Hey, Luis, so we decided to take your advice. We&#39;re not wasting
another day. We&#39;re planning our wedding.
Luis: Wow. I think Sheridan would&#39;ve liked it that way.
Theresa: Mama, please, you have to calm down. We can&#39;t let Ethan and Luis
become suspicious.
Pilar: Why not? Julian deserves to be punished.
Theresa: But it was my mistake, too, Mama. Julian didn&#39;t force champagne down
my throat. Now, if Luis and Ethan find out, they will kill him. So the only way
to handle this is to wait for Julian to get annulment and no one will find out.
Pilar: Secrets always come out, mija.
Theresa: Mama, this one can’t. Ethan can never know.
Pilar: You&#39;re starting off your marriage to Ethan by telling him another lie.
Theresa: It&#39;s the only way, Mama. I mean, Julian will get the annulment and I
will marry Ethan.
Ethan: Hey, Theresa, your brother just had a good idea. Why don&#39;t we just
forget about planning the wedding and just the four of us jump in the car, drive
to New Hampshire, and get married by the justice of the peace? What do you
think?
Theresa: No.
Pilar: You can’t.

Sheridan: This Island is so beautiful.
Brian: Yes, it is. Are you hungry because that walk made me famished.
Sheridan: I could eat the whole basket.
Brian: Go for it. You&#39;ll have to forgive the crude packaging.
Sheridan: Forgiven.
Brian: There you go.
Sheridan: Thank you.

Ethan: What&#39;s wrong with getting married tonight?
Theresa: Uh -- it&#39;s just -- it&#39;s not romantic enough for us to just jump in
the car and get married. Look, look at all the work that you put into planning
this, Ethan. I mean, how can we let your efforts go to waste?
Ethan: Yeah, you&#39;re right. I&#39;m a fool. I mean, no, I wouldn&#39;t dream of
messing up your first and only wedding. I mean, could you imagine us in our
first apartment and seeing a picture of the justice of the peace, and us you
know, standing there with our clothes all ruined from the drive?
Ethan: It smells like something&#39;s burning, Pilar.
Pilar: Oh, the food.
Pilar: It&#39;s burned.
Theresa: Mama --
Pilar: I&#39;m so terribly sorry. It&#39;s ruined.
Luis: Mama, in all my life, I&#39;ve never seen you burn dinner before.
Pilar: Well, we were talking and I -- I just --
Luis: The only time I ever smelled anything burning in this kitchen was when
Theresa was cooking.
Ethan: What, you saying my wife-to-be can&#39;t cook?
Luis: No, Theresa’s a great cook. She&#39;s just -- she&#39;s just easily distracted.
Well, guess that&#39;s a sign or something.
Ethan: Yeah, what&#39;s that?
Luis: I was supposed to meet Hank at the Lobster Shack for dinner and then I
came home, I saw Mama cooking, and I figured I&#39;d invite him over. Well,
obviously there&#39;s no dinner anymore, so come on, guys, what do you say? Let&#39;s go
to the Lobster Shack, get something to eat?
Theresa: Oh --
Ethan: I&#39;d love to, Luis, but I still have -- I have stuff to work on
planning the wedding tonight.
Theresa: Yeah, you know, I&#39;ll whip up some dinner. You could help. We could
make sandwiches.
Luis: How about you, Mama? Want to grab a bite to eat?
Pilar: No, son, I -- I have a lot of things to do.
Luis: Well, I guess I’d better get going then to meet Hank.
Pilar: Bye. Go, Luis, enjoy yourself.
Luis: All right. See you later.
Pilar: Ok.
Ethan: See you, Luis.
Theresa: Bye.
Ethan: All right, well, we still got some work to do, too. Got to figure out
where we&#39;re going to spend our honeymoon.
Pilar: Laundry. Please excuse me. I -- I have things to do.
Ethan: What&#39;s wrong with your mother?
Theresa: She&#39;s just embarrassed about burning dinner.
Pilar: Oh, my baby. My baby girl. Damn you, Julian Crane. Damn you for what
you took away from my daughter.

Ivy: It&#39;s locked! Oh! My keys were fried by the lightning. Oh.
Eve: Ivy, this is just an amazingly bad idea. Now, you belong in the
hospital. Trying to force yourself into the Crane mansion is just going to cause
you unnecessary stress.
Ivy: This is my house, Eve. I am not going anywhere.
[Doorbell rings]
______________________________ ______________________________ _________________
Harper: I&#39;m doing all I can, Julian.
Julian: Well, do more! I need that annulment.
Rebecca: I&#39;ll get that for you, pookie. You two men continue your business.
Oh! . You see what a good wife I’m going to be, Julian? So much better than Ivy
ever was.
Julian: Don&#39;t ever mention that name.
Rebecca: Relax. We don&#39;t ever have to see her again.
Julian: Yeah, we&#39;ll never see her in this mansion, that&#39;s for sure.
Rebecca: No. Oh, no. You are banned from these grounds, Ivy. What are you
doing here?
Ivy: I’m going in.
Rebecca: Oh, no. You are not coming in here.
______________________________ ______________________________ _________________
Hank: Hey. You made it.
Luis: Yeah. Hank, I thought it was just going to be you and me for dinner.
Hank: Little change of plan. Figured it&#39;d be better for you to be around more
people than just your boring old bud.
Beth: Hey, Luis. I&#39;m glad you&#39;re here. We were waiting on you to order, and I
am starving.

Theresa: Mama, it was -- it was Julian Crane.
Pilar: No!
Theresa: Mama?
Theresa: Oh, mama. No.
Ethan: Hey, what happened?

Ivy: I am not going to tell you again, Rebecca. Get out of my way!
Rebecca: This is no longer your house. Julian divorced you and I am his
fiancée, this is my house, and I&#39;m not letting you in.
Ivy: Oh. Get out of my way, bitch, I&#39;m coming through!
Rebecca: Over my dead body.
Ivy: Let go of my wheelchair!
Rebecca: Uh-uh, sorry, Ivy.
Eve: Ivy!

Julian: Would you get on with it, man?
Harper: I&#39;m moving as fast as I can, Julian. This annulment process is
complicated because you married a woman in another country.
Julian: I don&#39;t care how complicated it is. You just get that bloody
annulment so I can marry Rebecca. We have to stop her from blabbing to the world
that I had Sheridan killed.

Doc: You&#39;re right, Liz, soon as the woman finds out who she is, she&#39;ll leave
the island and never come back. I know how you feel about Brian, but if this
woman takes off, he isn&#39;t going to be happy.
Liz: Yes, he can barely take his eyes off of her. But how will this Diana
remember her true identity?
Doc: All kinds of ways. Who knows what could trigger her memory. It could be
anything. Something as simple as a sign or a television program, a newspaper
article -- anything. Anything could set her memory off.
Sheridan: I&#39;m so hungry; I could eat this paper and all.
Brian: What&#39;s wrong?
Sheridan: &quot;Sheridan Crane put to rest.&quot; Sheridan Crane.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 10/12/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 10/12/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Ivy: I am not telling you again, Rebecca. Get out of my way!
Rebecca: This is not your house. Julian divorced you and he is my fiancé, so
this is my house, and I am not letting you in.
Ivy: Get out of my way, bitch! I’m coming through!
Rebecca: Over my dead body.
Ivy: Let go of my wheelchair!
Eve: Stop it, both of you.
Ivy: I’m going to break --
Eve: Ok, you are in no condition --
Ivy: Damn my condition! This bitch is toast!
Eve: You are weak and you need to rest.
Rebecca: Oh, she can rest somewhere else. This is not your house!
Ivy: Wrong!
[Rebecca screams]
Ivy: Oh! Ooh! Let go, Rebecca!

Julian: I don’t care what you have to do. I want my marriage to Theresa
annulled, and I mean now.
Harper: Julian, I've told you -- this annulment process is complicated
because you got married in another country.
Julian: And I told you I don’t care how complicated it is. I want the bloody
annulment so I can marry Rebecca. We have to stop her from babbling to the world
that I had my sister killed.
Harper: Anything this delicate takes time.
Julian: Just shut up and do it! With my money, it shouldn’t take that long.
Oh -- I went to Bermuda with the express purposes of getting my divorce from Ivy
and to carry out the plan to kill my sister. Instead, I got drunk, married and
bedded my former son’s fiancée, the delectable Theresa. Now if I don’t marry
Rebecca immediately, she'll rat me out for being behind my sister’s death. But,
you see, I can’t marry her because I’m already married to Theresa. And if Ethan
or Theresa’s brother finds out that I married and bedded her, they'll kill me,
no questions asked. I've already had a preview of their wrath.
Harper: Julian --
Julian: You get that annulment now! Or a -- I will be a bigamist, b -- I will
be murdered, c -- I will go to jail for murdering my own sister, or d -- all of
the above.

Theresa: It was -- it was Julian Crane.
Pilar: Oh, dear God --
Pilar: No!
Theresa: Mama?
Theresa: Oh, Mama. No.
Ethan: What happened?

Beth: Why don’t you sit down, have a glass of wine? I ordered your favorite.
Wait a minute. You didn’t know, did you, that we were joining you?
Luis: No, actually I thought it was just going to be me and Hank for dinner,
but --
Beth: Listen -- I hope it’s ok.
Luis: Huh.

Sheridan: I’m so hungry; I could eat this paper and all.
Brian: What’s wrong?
Sheridan: &quot;Sheridan Crane put to rest.&quot; Sheridan.

Pilar: Teresita.
Theresa: Oh, Mama. It’s all right.
Pilar: No, mija. It’s not all right.
Ethan: Pilar, what -- what happened to Theresa’s wedding dress?
Pilar: I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to. But when I think about what’s
happened --
Theresa: It’s ok, Mama. It’s ok.
Pilar: No, Theresa. It’s never going to be ok.
Theresa: No, Mama.
Ethan: Pilar -- you know, whatever’s gotten to you, whatever you're so upset
about, you know you can talk to me about it.
Pilar: Ethan, I --
Ethan: You know, we're so close. I mean, you're like a second mother to me.
So, what’s going on?

Beth: It’s ok that I’m here, right? If it isn’t, I can go.
Luis: No, no, no, it’s -- I’m just surprised, that’s all. This is great.
Beth: Ok. Good. Then we can all have a nice evening together.
Luis: Yeah.
Woman: Well, don’t let the fun begin before I fix my lipstick. Point me in
the direction of the powder room, Beth?
Beth: Oh, I’ll do better than that. Come on, I’ll show you.
Luis: What’s going on, Hank?
Hank: Nothing. I just thought it would be good for you to be out with
friends, kick back. I was going out to dinner with Lisa tonight, and I thought
it would be nice if Beth came along. You guys could talk, catch up on old times.
Luis: A date? Is that what this is supposed to be? Is that what you told
Beth?
Hank: Whoa. Would you just slow down? It’s nothing like that. I just invited
Beth as a friend. You two go way back. I -- I thought it would be better for you
to be out with friends than to sit alone someplace mourning.
Luis: Oh, you figured that, huh?
Hank: Remember when we talked --
Luis: Yeah, and you -- you said that I needed to move on with my life because
that’s what Sheridan would've wanted.
Hank: She would.
Luis: Well, I am not ready to do that. And I am certainly not interested in
any other woman. It’s only Sheridan. Sheridan’s the only one.

Brian: Oh, the wind shifted. Looks like we're going to have fair weather
tomorrow. Not that we don’t have good weather most of the time around here
anyway.
Sheridan: It’s so sad.
Brian: What’s that?
Sheridan: When the boat she and her fiancé&nbsp;were on exploded. She’s been
missing since the hurricane and they sent out rescue crews, but there’s been no
sign of her. I’m sorry. What were you talking about?
Brian: Nothing.
Sheridan: I’m sorry, the weather. You were talking about the weather.
Brian: The forecasters are saying that we're going to have a lot more
hurricanes over the next couple of decades.
Shan: That’s too bad. I'd hate to see this place damaged. It’s almost like
paradise.
Brian: Not &quot;almost.&quot; It is paradise.
Sheridan: This poor woman lost at sea. This woman. Wait -- wait a minute.
Could she be me? Could -- could I be Sheridan Crane?

Ethan: Pilar, talk to me. What’s happened that’s made you so upset? What’s
going on?
Theresa: It’s all right. Mama, please. I understand what has you so upset. So
much has happened -- Sheridan, Ivy being hurt so badly -- I mean, near death --
and Ethan and my wedding being stopped -- it’s all hit you so hard. You know how
important family is to Mama, Ethan, how deeply she cares for those she loves.
Ethan: Yeah, of course.
Theresa: Please.
Pilar: Sorry. I’m sorry that I spoiled your dress. I came here to tidy up
Theresa’s bedroom, and I -- I saw her wedding gown. It made me think of Luis and
Sheridan. And I acted badly, violently. And I guess I spilt the ink on your
dress. I’m so sorry.
Theresa: It’s ok.
Ethan: Oh, Pilar, don’t worry about it. I’m sure we can get it cleaned. It
was an accident. It’s all right, really.
Pilar: I’m going to make myself some tea. Maybe that will calm me down.
Ethan: Your mother’s really upset.
Theresa: She'll be all right, Ethan.
Ethan: Yeah, I just hope there’s not something else she’s upset about,
something she’s not telling us.

Julian: I don’t care what you have to do, who you have to bribe, or how much
it costs. I want my marriage to Theresa annulled, and I want it now.
Harper: As I’ve said, getting a foreign marriage annulled is a very --
Ivy: Let go of me!
Rebecca: You are not getting into this house!
Julian: What the hell’s that?
Ivy: Let go, Rebecca!
Julian: Oh, good God. It sounds like Ivy.
Rebecca: Away you go.
Ivy: Oh, just stop it, or I’ll rip your hair out!
Eve: Stop this, both of you!
Rebecca: Eve, you just stay out of this.
Eve: Ivy is my patient.
Rebecca: Yeah? Well, she’s going to be a dead patient if you don’t just get
out --
Julian: Good lord! Are you still alive?
Ivy: And breathing fire.
Julian: You mean I wasted a perfectly good bouquet of flowers on you?
Eve: Oh, that’s a terrible thing to say.
Julian: Well, she’s a terrible sight to behold.
Ivy: One thing you should know, Julian. When I was in the hospital, I wasn’t
completely unconscious. I saw you fiddling with my I.V. And I heard what you
said.
Julian: You're obviously still delirious. And what on earth are you doing
here, anyway?
Eve: I brought her home to recuperate.
Rebecca: Wrong location. Ivy doesn’t live here anymore.
Julian: Yes, that bolt of lightning must have knocked what little sense you
had right out of you. Did you not receive the divorce papers? Did they not state
in black and white that you are no longer Mrs. Julian Crane, that you are
forbidden to enter the Crane estate?
Ivy: Oh, I got your divorce papers, Julian. But I refuse to accept some
fly-by-night island divorce.
Julian: Well, you have no choice. Harper here will tell you it’s all
perfectly legal. That being the case, you have no reason or right to be here.
Rebecca: None.
Ivy: You shut your face, Rebecca!
Julian: So, without further ado --
Ivy: What are you doing, Julian? Get -- Julian!
Julian: I am escorting you out.
Ivy: Bastard!
Eve: Julian!
Julian: Well, that should take care of that.
Rebecca: Oh, you were magnificent, darling.
Ivy: Ooh, I’ll make them pay if it’s the last thing I do! If it takes me the
rest of my life, I will make them pay!
Eve: Ivy, please let me take you back to the hospital.
Ivy: No.
Eve: You are risking being permanently paralyzed.
Ivy: I am staying right here in my own home. They're not going to get rid of
me that easily.

Sheridan: Could the missing woman be me?
Brian: Diana, look –&nbsp; I brought you to this island and I took you to Liz’s,
we thought for a moment that you might be Sheridan Crane.
Sheridan: Really?
Brian: And we tried to contact the Crane family and let them know that we'd
found her. But then we heard that a body had been recovered and, well, that she
had died. And they identified the body through dental records and fingerprints.
We knew that you must be somebody else after we heard that news, so --
Sheridan: You're right. There’s no way I could be Sheridan Crane. I guess it
was too much to hope for.
Brian: Why don’t we see what other goodies Liz put in this basket?
Sheridan: I just wish I could remember who I am, what my real name is, where
I come from, if I have any family or loved ones. Brian, what if no one is
looking for me?
Brian: Diana, I find it hard to believe that there’s not anyone out there
looking for you.
Sheridan: But you said that all the people lost in the hurricane have already
been found or at least accounted for.
Brian: I know, and that doesn’t mean a thing. Someone can still be looking
for you. I can’t imagine that you don’t have someone out there in your life,
someone -- your family, a boyfriend.
Sheridan: I hope so. I feel such emptiness inside of me. I want so much to
believe that there’s someone out there looking for me, that at least one person
cares about me.

Luis: I’m not ready to move on yet, Hank.
Hank: I know --
Luis: And I’m not interested in being with another woman.
Hank: That’s not what I had in mind tonight. I just thought that being out
with people you like --
Luis: Well, it’s -- it’s not what I need right now, ok?
Hank: I’m worried about you, buddy.
Luis: Don’t be.
Hank: I think you're still holding out hope that Sheridan will come back.
Luis: Hank, I’m not kidding myself. I know that Sheridan is gone. I mean,
hell, I had enough evidence. All the reports that came in confirmed that it was
Sheridan’s body that they found out at sea. Yeah, I would like to have hope and
I would like to believe that she is coming back, but I know she’s not.
Hank: No.
Luis: And as far as moving on goes -- I can’t even think about that right
now. It’s not right, and it’s not loyal to Sheridan’s memory. I just can’t do
it.
Hank: Ok, ok, I just think that --
Luis: You know what? Look, I’m just going to go get some air, all right? Now,
you tell Beth that something came up and I had to go.
Hank: All right.
Luis: I don’t want to hurt her. I just can’t do this right now.

Julian: This should calm you down.
Rebecca: Aw. It’s not nerves, pookie. It’s fury. I mean, the gall of that
woman. Has she no shame?
Julian: Not a lick.
Rebecca: I mean, trying to force her way in here and then attacking me. Is
she insane?
Julian: It’s all over now. We've finally gotten rid of her for good this
time.
Rebecca: You know, I almost wish I’d let her in.
Julian: Whatever for?
Rebecca: Well, she was so furious when she found out I was redecorating the
house. Could you imagine the fit she would throw if she saw that I actually did
it?
Ivy: You're not going to get rid of me that easily!
[Ivy screams]

[Knock on door]
Pilar: Father Lonigan, please come in.
Father Lonigan: I heard about Sheridan, and I came to offer my condolences.
I’ll be praying for you and your family.
Pilar: That’s very kind of you, father. Please sit.
Father Lonigan: Luis must be devastated. He loved Sheridan so much.
Pilar: She meant everything to him.
Father Lonigan: I put a call in to the Crane family, but I know you and your
family will grieve more than Julian and Alistair.
Pilar: The Cranes -- they don’t care about anybody but themselves.
Father Lonigan: I’m afraid you're right.
Pilar: I did everything I could to keep my children away from that -- that
family. But I failed. Luis fell in love with Sheridan.
Father Lonigan: Who was nothing like the rest of her family.
Pilar: No, she wasn’t. She was wonderful. But Luis' heart is broken and he’s
suffering so much, father.
Father Lonigan: It will take time.
Pilar: And now to find out this about my Theresa. My baby, my sweet little
girl. I will never forgive the Cranes. Never.

Theresa: It’s ruined.
Ethan: Theresa, don’t worry about it. You know, I’m sure the dress can be
saved.
Theresa: No.
Ethan: Yes. Look, we'll take it to my mother’s cleaners, you know? We'll put
a rush on it, and -- and if it can’t get done in time, then -- it doesn’t matter
what you wear, just as long as we get married. That’s all that matters. And the
sooner, the better.

Julian: Rebecca wants to get married right now.
Theresa: Well, I want an annulment right now. So stop talking about it and
make it happen.

Theresa: You know, even if they can clean the dress, I think that maybe we
should wait to get married.
Ethan: Why?
Theresa: Well, to give Luis time to get over losing Sheridan.
Ethan: But Luis wants us to get married. You remember what he said in
Bermuda, that we should get married right away --
Theresa: I know.
Ethan: Theresa, is -- is there something else that’s happened, something --
something that makes you want to wait, not get married?

Luis: Sheridan.
Beth: Luis -- are you all right?
Luis: Yeah. This is the hardest thing that I’ve ever had to go through, and
I’m just -- I can’t do this tonight. I’m not ready.
Beth: It’s ok, Luis. I only want what’s best for you.
Luis: Thanks.
Beth: But I do want you to know that my being here tonight is only about
friendship, and I made that clear to hank when he invited me.
Luis: Well, you're a good friend.
Beth: That’s all that Hank had in mind, too. He just -- he wanted to get you
out -- not for you to forget about Sheridan or me to take her place. That’s not
what this is about. And if it was, I wouldn’t have come.

Ivy: What have you done to my home?
Rebecca: This is my home now. And I have exorcised every trace of you from
it.
Ivy: Who performed the exorcism? Liberace? Well, at least you got one thing
right.
Rebecca: Oh, and what might that be, not that I care?
Ivy: The bar. Julian can stay unconscious there for years.
Rebecca: I want you out of here now!
Ivy: You can scream your bloody head off, Rebecca. And you, Julian, can
threaten until the cows come home. But I’m not leaving.
Rebecca: Julian, do something. Get her the hell out of here. I cannot stand
for this.
Julian: I’m warning you, Ivy.
Ivy: Oh, don’t threaten me.
Julian: You have no legal right to be here --
Ivy: Oh, you can take your legal right and shove it!
Julian: Don’t make me have to call security.
Ivy: Do whatever you like, but I’m staying.
Eve: All this stress is not good for my patient.
Rebecca: Good. Good. With any luck, the bitch will be finished off and we'll
be done with her once and for all.
Ivy: Not a chance.
Rebecca: Julian, do something! I am not going to take this anymore. I want
our wedding pushed up to now -- right now!
Julian: Let’s not rush things, Rebecca. I told you I wanted you to have the
wedding you deserve.
Rebecca: Don’t push me, Julian, because if you push me I will push back and
you will go to the electric chair. Just where the hell do you think you're
going?
Ivy: I’m going to my room to take a nap.
Rebecca: We'll see about that.
[Ivy screams]
Harper: She must have just seen the foyer.
Rebecca: I will not be put off, Julian. We are getting married now.
Julian: Harper, come here. You get that annulment now.
Harper: I’ll do the best I can.
Julian: You can see what I’m up against.
Harper: Well, it takes time to extricate you from these messes you somehow
manage to get yourself into, Julian.
Julian: Never mind the reprimand. Just get the annulment. Just calm yourself,
Julian. Everything’s going to be fine. Oh! Not you.

Pilar: First Sheridan, and now this with Theresa. So many of my beliefs have
been called into question, Father. I’m sorry, but I am losing my faith in God.
Father Lonigan: No, Pilar --
Pilar: That he could let something like this happen.
Father Lonigan: I’m not entirely sure what you're talking about. You keep
mentioning something that’s happened to Theresa. Is she all right?
Pilar: My daughter will never be all right after what’s been done to her.
Father Lonigan: What’s been done?
Pilar: Julian Crane -- Julian Crane took my daughter’s innocence. He tricked
her. He manipulated her. He stole her virginity. That pig.

Brian: So, what’s on your mind, Diana?
Sheridan: Sheridan Crane. Her death was a tragedy, but at least --
Brian: At least what?
Sheridan: So wonderful how loved she was. Just wish I had that.
Brian: Oh, come on. Somebody out there’s looking for you, wondering where you
are.
Sheridan: I just wish I could remember who I was so I could find them.
Brian: So not knowing who you are is starting to get to you, huh?
Sheridan: Yeah. Memory is something you take for granted until you lose it.
Without it, I don’t know how I’ll ever find my family. I mean, I don’t even know
where I would start. Brian, will you help me? Will you help me find out who I
am, where I belong?
Brian: Sure. I’ll do whatever you want.

Beth: I’ll be honest with you. I've never gotten over you. But you already
know that.
Luis: Well, that’s why I didn’t want you to get the wrong idea.
Beth: No, I won’t. I know you love Sheridan. From the moment she came along,
I saw the way you were around her. It was pretty clear how you felt. And it
hurt, I’ll admit. I wanted to hate her. But then I saw how happy you two were
together, how genuine your love for each other was. So I accepted it because I
wanted you to be happy. And then I saw what a wonderful person Sheridan was and
I really grew to like her. We became friends. You know, we've had some long
talks together, most of which you don’t even know about.
Luis: You did?
Beth: Yeah. We talked a lot about you, life, all kinds of things.
Luis: Well, tell me everything. I just want to know more about her, what she
thought and what she felt. I just want to hear it all.

Ethan: You know you can tell me anything. There’s nothing terrible enough
that I couldn’t understand, that I couldn’t forgive you for. I love you. So,
tell me, what is it?

Julian: What is it, sweet Theresa?
Theresa: Don’t touch me. What are we doing in bed with each other?
Julian: Well, making love, of course.

Theresa: No! There’s nothing. I’m just worried about Luis. You know, and Mama
-- they're hurting terribly, and I just -- I’m just not sure they're up for a
wedding right now.
Ethan: But, see, I think that is exactly what everyone needs -- a celebration
-- where two people who are madly in love with each other are joined together.
Nothing can come between us.
Theresa: Ethan --
Ethan: Let’s -- let’s just do it, all right? Let’s -- let’s reaffirm our
happiness in everyone’s hearts. Let’s bring back love to Harmony.

Pilar: They slept together, Father. Julian took my daughter’s virginity.
Father Lonigan: In the name of all that’s holy --
Pilar: He’s ruined her life.
Father Lonigan: But how did this happen?
Theresa: Theresa went to Bermuda. She wanted to persuade Julian into taking
Ethan back into the Crane family. He got her drunk on champagne. And when she
woke up in the morning, she was married to Julian and in bed with him.
Father Lonigan: Are you sure they're married?
Pilar: She saw the license herself. It was signed by a local justice of the
peace. Theresa -- she told me that -- she told me that she dreamed that she was
marrying Ethan, that she was making love to Ethan. But instead she woke up next
to Julian.
Father Lonigan: Dear God.
Pilar: My baby. My poor little girl. She’s innocent. Saving herself for
marriage. Damn Julian Crane. Damn him for what he’s done.

Luis: Tell me about your talks with Sheridan. I just need to fill in the
gaps, know everything I can about her.
Beth: Of course. I’ll share it all. We'll talk as friends, mourn the loss of
Sheridan together.
Luis: I'd like that.
Beth: I’m here for you, Luis.
Luis: Yeah. Well, I guess we should go back in, see how Hank and Lisa are
doing.

Sheridan: I want to thank you, Brian. You've been so kind.
Brian: No. No thanks needed. I just wish I knew how I could help you, you
know, knew where we could begin.
Sheridan: Well, one thing’s for sure -- I’m not Sheridan Crane.
Brian: Well, that’s a start. But I think that we've talked enough about dead
people tonight, don’t you? I mean, Sheridan Crane may be dead, but Diana’s very
much alive.
Sheridan: And I owe you for that. You saved my life.
Brian: I think we better get back to the hotel.
Sheridan: Yeah.

Ivy: What in the name of sister Parrish have you done?
Rebecca: It’s called style. Not that I would expect you to recognize it.
Ivy: Oh, really? And what style would you call this?
Rebecca: It’s sort of post-modern.
Ivy: Yeah, right. It’s more like post-Madame. Of course, what can one expect
from a slut like you?
Rebecca: That is it. I want you out of here now.
Ivy: No, I’m staying.
Rebecca: Ivy, you have one hell of a nerve. You have no right to be here
anymore.
Ivy: I have more right than anyone.
Rebecca: Have you no shame? Ivy, you are making a total ass out of yourself.
Ivy: I’m making a total ass out of myself, Rebecca? Look around you! Oh,
please. You are so pathetic. Trapping Julian into marrying you -- what, is that
your idea of a catch?
Rebecca: I don’t have to trap anybody into anything. Julian wants to be with
me. And I can please him in ways that you couldn’t possibly imagine.
Ivy: Oh. Oh, please, Rebecca, don’t delude yourself. Julian will have a
mistress lined up 10 minutes after you say, &quot;I do.&quot; Knowing him, he already has
one. Get out of my way, Rebecca. I’m taking the elevator up to my room.
Rebecca: Fine. I’ll call security. I’ll call the cops. They will side with me
because, you see, this is not your house anymore. Julian divorced you, remember?
Ivy: Right. Well, Rebecca, this is what I think of your divorce.
Rebecca: Ah.
Ivy: I am still Mrs. Julian Crane.

Julian: Whatever it is you have to say, Eve, I’m not in the mood.
Eve: Ivy is my patient, Julian, and she came very close to dying.
Julian: Well, evidently not close enough.
Eve: She needs a place to recuperate, Julian. She needs to be in her home
under close medical supervision.
Julian: Ivy has no place here. I divorced her with a capital D. And I don’t
care where or if she recuperates.
Eve: Julian, you're going to let Ivy stay here, or I’m going to run to Luis
and Ethan and tell them what you did to Theresa in Bermuda.
Julian: You know what, Eve? Knock yourself out. Tell them what you will. I’m
tired of this. I can’t worry anymore what those two morons might do to me. I’ll
just double security. I’ll call in the National Guard if I have to for
protection. I am Julian Crane. I will not be threatened. I will not be
blackmailed. So, go ahead, tell them. Tell all.

Pilar: Even if the marriage is annulled, Father, the damage has been done. My
baby’s been robbed of her innocence.
Theresa: Mama, are you all right?
Ethan: Father Lonigan, you're here. This is great. This is perfect.
Father Lonigan: What?
Ethan: Well, I was going to call you later, but -- well, Theresa and I want
to have a church wedding as soon as possible, and -- well, if we can, we'd like
to schedule the first available time slot.
Father Lonigan: I’m sorry; Ethan, but I cannot marry you and Theresa.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 10/15/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 10/15/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Timmy: To par-tay.
Tabitha: So do I when there’s something to celebrate, and there is. I
promised our friends in the basement that we would deliver, and we have. Kay has
renounced her 15 minutes of goodness and re-embraced evil, as I knew she would.
You know, Timmy, for a civilian, that girl has enough of the right stuff to be
one of us.
Timmy: Poor Kay.
Tabitha: Poor Kay, my Aunt Fanny. She’s going to get exactly what she
deserves. Here -- look at her.
Timmy: Kay doesn’t look that happy.
Tabitha: Well, she’s not supposed to look happy. She’s about to inflict all
manner of pain and suffering on Charity and Miguel. Thanks to Kay, those two
will never make love now. We will be spared, and Charity will be doomed.
Charity: Tabitha, did you just say I was doomed?
Hank: See, buddy, that wasn’t so bad.
Beth: Hank just let him be. It was too soon for him to go out with other
people, just too close to Sheridan’s death.
Luis: Sheridan -- Sheridan -- Sheridan, it’s me.
Ivy: This is still my home. Now, get out of my way.
Are a nobody now, Ivy. A nobody, and you are stuck in this wheelchair. You
are the laughingstock of Harmony. Everybody knows you were struck by lightning
chasing after your ex-lover.
Ivy: I would rather be a laughing stock than a stupid slut.
Rebecca: Ah! How dare you!
Ivy: Oh, please. A tramp is still a tramp, even if she’s in designer clothes.
I am not about to give up my home and my belongings to you.
Eve: Either you let Ivy stay here or, by God, Julian, I am going to tell
Rebecca Hotchkiss that you're already married to Theresa!
Julian: Shh. You just don’t understand, do you, Eve? I’m holding the better
hand. You tell Rebecca about me, I’ll tell big, bad T.C. that you gave birth to
my baby.
Eve: Well, tell him. Tell him! You know he'll just kill you. Now, look. I’m
warning you, Julian. You let Ivy stay here, or I’m going to tell the entire
world everything that I know about Alistair and Julian Crane. Because I have had
it up to here with how you treat people! Now, it is one thing to steal my
innocence, but to ruin the daughter of my close friend -- God! That could've
been Whitney or Simone! I could kill you myself.
Harper: Now, now, now. This isn’t getting us anyplace.
Julian: Don’t worry about it, Harper. She’s bluffing. She'd never risk hearth
and home to sell me out.
Eve: Try me. Let’s just see who’s the last man standing when I tell Ethan and
Luis what you did to Theresa.
Ethan: Theresa and I want to have a church wedding as soon as possible. So,
if we can, we'd like to schedule the first available time slot.
Father Lonigan: I’m sorry; Ethan, but I cannot marry you and Theresa. It is
impossible.
Ethan: What’s the problem, father? What do you mean, you can’t marry Theresa
and me?
Theresa: All Father Lonigan meant was that he -- he can’t marry us until we
have a new marriage license and everything. Isn’t that right, Father?
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life
Charity: Tabitha, didn’t I just hear you say that I was doomed?
Tabitha: Oh. I didn’t say you were doomed. I meant you might well feel doomed
with all the trouble your family’s facing right now.
Charity: Trouble? What, did -- did something happen?
Tabitha: Oh. How clumsy of me to break it to you this way. You obviously
haven’t heard. Oh, I do so hate to be the bearer of bad tidings.
Charity: What’s wrong?
Tabitha: Well, your aunt and uncle -- they're going through a rough personal
patch right now. It seems that Grace was never legally married to Sam.
Charity: What?
Tabitha: I know it’s an awful shock, isn’t it? But I suppose it shouldn’t be,
really, when you think that Grace has had amnesia all these years. I suppose she
simply forgot she was married to David Hastings. Unfortunately he’s come back to
town to reclaim her as his wife.
Charity: Oh, my gosh. I -- this must be what the leaves were warning me to
beware of.
Tabitha: Sam and Grace are upstairs right now comforting Jessica. Kay
couldn’t deal with the news at all. She just ran off into the night.
Charity: Oh, this is awful.
Miguel: No. Don’t worry, all right? Your aunt and uncle are going to work
things out. They love each other.
Tabitha: No. If only love were enough, Miguel.
Luis: I’m sorry. I -- I just thought you were someone else.
Hank: My friend’s been under a lot of pressure lately. He didn’t mean any
harm.
Woman: That’s ok. Whoever your Sheridan is, she’s awful lucky you want to see
her so badly.
Lisa: He was really crazy about her, wasn’t he?
Hank: You have no idea. That’s why I want him to be around other people right
now. He shouldn’t be alone with his thoughts.
Beth: You know, when Luis broke up with me, I was devastated, but at least I
got to see him from time to time. I can’t imagine what it would be like to lose
the person you love forever.
Liz: Don’t tell me you lost your sea angel already.
Sheridan: Hi.
Liz: Diana. So, did you enjoy your tour of the island?
Sheridan: Yes. Brian showed me all around. It’s a beautiful island.
Liz: Yeah, I think so. The best part is most of the world doesn’t know we're
here. Not that I couldn’t use the business. But, as they say, once they discover
you, there’s no going back. Guess the same thing can be said for people as well
as islands.
Sheridan: Well, maybe walk and look around. I wasn’t really paying much
attention to what I was seeing, I’m afraid.
Liz: Oh, don’t apologize. You've been hurt. You're not yourself.
Brian: You know, Liz didn’t mean anything by that.
Sheridan: No. It’s all right. But she’s right. I’m not myself since I can’t
remember who I am. Just because I’m not ready to have a sense of humor about my
situation doesn’t mean the rest of you can’t.
Doc: Wise words, young lady. One of the best remedies I know for stress is a
finely tuned sense of humor. The more you worry, the longer it'll take for you
to regain your memory. So try to relax and not strain your mind too much. That’s
your best bet.
Sheridan: I’ll try. When Brian and I were down on the beach, I had a moment
where I thought I might be Sheridan Crane.
Liz: You did?
Sheridan: Yeah. I read a story about her in the newspaper being lost at sea.
But then Brian told me that her body had been found and identified. I can’t get
her out of my mind, though. I -- I don’t know why.
Doc: Oh, I think I do.
Rebecca: It’s just like old times, isn’t it?
Ivy: A little. We never liked each other very much, even when we were
sorority sisters.
Rebecca: And you have not changed a bit. You still hang on like -- like a pit
bull when there’s something you want. You never have learned to let go.
Ivy: Oh -- and you did?
Rebecca: Sam Bennett is a perfect example. You see, he never was right for
you, but you just couldn’t see it. And you married Julian, but, oh, you still
had to hang on to the wrong side of the tracks. And what'd it get you? A bastard
son, a divorce -- oh, and your own motorized wheelchair.
Ivy: I would rather be paralyzed for the rest of my life than be you.
Rebecca: Ooh, and you're mean, too. You know, I have always said that behind
that smile is a mean streak a mile wide. But it looks like it’s finally caught
up with you. Julian is going to divorce you, and there is nothing you can do
about it. Oh, you literally do not have a leg to stand on.
Ivy: I’m not leaving my home.
Rebecca: Oh, Ivy, please don’t make me call the chief of police -- your own,
dear Sam Bennett -- and ask him to throw you out of the house on your tush. Oh!
How embarrassing would that be?
Ivy: You can call Sam. You can call the National Guard if you like. Rebecca,
you can have Julian. Take him all with you. Sleep with him up in his room. I
don’t give a damn. But I will not accept this divorce of his. I didn’t get
married in Bermuda, and I am not honoring a divorce from there. This is still my
home. I am staying! Now, get out of my way.
Julian: I’m not afraid of you, Eve. I’ll be glad to call your bluff. But just
out of curiosity, why are you siding with Ivy now? I thought you hated her.
Eve: Not as much as I hate you for what you did to Theresa. Besides, Ivy is
my patient. I owe it to her to make sure that she gets the best post-operative
care that she can. And I am not about to watch you throw a paralyzed woman out
of the home that has been hers for over 20 years!
Julian: Ivy can recuperate somewhere else. Why don’t you find her one of
those places with a wheelchair ramp and handicapped parking? She is no longer my
wife, ergo this is no longer her domicile. And I want her off these grounds
immediately.
Eve: Oh, ok. Well, then you won’t mind if I tell Rebecca that you won’t be
having a wedding because you already have taken a wife. Rebecca!
Harper: Julian, she’s going to do it.
Julian: No, she won’t. She’s bluffing.
Eve: Is that what you think, Julian? You know, there is a way to keep you
from ruining any more young girls. I should've used a scalpel while we were at
the hospital, but this'll do in a pinch.
Doc: I think I know why you can’t get Sheridan Crane out of your mind.
Sheridan: Why? Tell me.
Brian: Oh, you know, what’s the difference? We already know that the woman’s
dead. The papers confirmed who she was through her fingerprints and her dental
records, doc.
Liz: Don’t bite doc’s head off. Just let him explain what he means.
Doc: Well, it’s simple, really. Diana here read about what happened to
Sheridan Crane at sea. And her experiences were so similar, she’s just
identifying with her. It’s no wonder you're upset, realizing how close you came
to losing your own life out in the hurricane. I think all Diana needs is to be
left alone so she can get a good night’s sleep. It'll help you forget all about
this Sheridan Crane.
Charity: Don’t you see? First I have a premonition about a boat exploding.
Then we find out Sheridan Crane died in an accident at sea. Then -- then I hear
the leaves telling me to beware, and next thing I know, this awful thing is
happening to my aunt and uncle.
Miguel: And you have premonitions about things that don’t come true, too. Ok,
no offense to Tabitha, but you’re getting your story second-hand. I mean,
wouldn’t it be better to hear what they have to say?
Charity: Yeah, I guess so.
Miguel: And there’s no way that Chief Bennett’s going to let some guy waltz
into town and break up his family. He'd fight it with every bone in his body.
Tabitha: Just so you know, I’ll back him all the way. I feel very protective
towards the Bennett’s. I always have. They're like a second family to me.
Timmy: Princess is laying it on thick.
Tabitha: What am I supposed to say -- that the whole Bennett family gives me
hives and you're the only living thing I give a damn about?
Timmy: Maybe not.
Tabitha: I’m on a roll here, Timmy. Charity thinks that the message from the
leaves was about that David Hastings fellow when really it was about her mean as
a snake cousin Kay.
Timmy: Is Kay still out there?
Tabitha: You bet she is, scheming and plotting like the evil girl she is.
Kay: I tried being good, and what did it get me? A broken home and a mom and
dad who aren’t even married? The hell with that. From now on, Kay Bennett’s
going to be bad. And she’s going to get Miguel.
Ethan: Well, is that what you meant, father? That you can’t marry Theresa and
me until we have a new marriage license?
Father Lonigan: As soon as you and Theresa have everything in order, I’ll be
glad to marry you.
Ethan: Oh. Well, great. I have the new license application in the other room.
All we have to do is sign it. I’ll go get it.
Theresa: Ok. You told Father Lonigan, didn’t you?
Pilar: I was too upset to keep it to myself.
Father Lonigan: I covered for you, Theresa, but only because I want you to be
the one to tell Ethan the truth.
Theresa: But I can’t, father. If I tell Ethan that I married Julian, he will
try to kill him, and so will Luis. If I can just keep this quiet for a few more
days, Julian has promised to get us an annulment.
Ethan: Annulment? Who’s getting an annulment?
Eve: You should have to wear an ankle bracelet like paroled criminals have to
wear. That way, if you got anywhere near a young, innocent girl, the alarm would
go off and the police could swoop in and keep you from stealing yet another
young woman’s innocence. You don’t even deserve to live among civilized people
after what you've done.
Julian: You're not being rational, eve.
Eve: Rational? No. No, I’m not. I remember what you did to me, and then I
realize that you're just doing the same thing over again with Theresa. Who’s
next, Julian? Huh? One of my daughters?
Julian: Well, they are stunners.
Eve: Oh, that’s it! I’m not going to cut you with these, Julian. No, I am --
I’m going to take care of you for good. I am going to tell Rebecca everything
that she should know about the man she wants to marry.
Julian: She’s out of her mind!
Harper: Do you blame her after what you did?
Julian: Whose side are you on, anyway? She needs to be stopped.
Sheridan: Brian.
Brian: I don’t mean to intrude. I just wanted to make sure you had everything
you needed.
Sheridan: Yeah. I’m fine.
Brian: Good. You had kind of a faraway look in your eye when you were looking
out the window. Anything come back to you?
Sheridan: No. Nothing that makes any sense.
Brian: Must be awful frustrating. Look, if there’s anything I can do for you,
anything at all, just ask, ok?
Sheridan: You've been so kind. I -- I wouldn’t even know what to ask for.
Except -- no. Forget it. It’s too silly.
Brian: No, no, go ahead. Ask away.
Sheridan: You're going to think I’m crazier than you probably already do. I
mean, it’s hotter than July here, and for some reason I have this terrible
craving for a hot cocoa. Liz probably wouldn’t even have any.
Brian: Actually, I just happen to know where a secret stash is. Coming right
up.
Sheridan: Hot cocoa? I wonder where that came from.
Beth: Can’t stop thinking about her, can you?
Luis: I try. Everything I see, everything I do, reminds me of her. The woman
we saw just now -- I mean, I could've sworn it was Sheridan -- even though I
know logically that it couldn’t be her. Her body was positively ID'd before
she was cremated. But, honestly, I could've sworn that that woman was Sheridan.
Beth: Don’t feel bad. Anybody who lost the love of their life would feel the
same way.
Luis: Yeah. Even this place reminds me of her. We used to take long walks,
and I’d take my jacket, put it around her to keep her warm, get hot cocoa. Can
almost smell it now. You know, you're a real good sport, listening to me go on
about Sheridan. Why don’t you go join hank and Lisa? I’m sure they're much
better company.
Beth: No. Not to me, Luis. And just for the record, I don’t mind listening to
you talk about Sheridan. I meant it when I said I really liked her.
Luis: She liked you, too.
Beth: And, besides, I owe you one. When my father died, you listened to me go
on and on for I don’t know how long until I finally accepted his passing. And I
want to be here for you until you get over Sheridan.
Theresa: I was just telling father that he will never have to worry about us
getting an annulment.
Ethan: Oh, that’s for sure. No, we're going to be married for 100 years,
maybe even 200 years. Well, let’s just finish filling out the license
application. Dates of birth. Places of birth. &quot;Are either of you married?&quot; Don’t
think so. Ok. You just need to sign right here, Theresa.
Theresa: I see.
Father Lonigan: You might want to read through it before you sign it.
Ethan: Oh, that’s ok. We filled one of these out before, Father Lonigan.
Pilar: Well, still, Ethan, you might want to double-check your answers. You
don’t want to make a mistake and have to do it all over again.
Ethan: Ok, what’s going on around here? I mean -- you know, I am getting the
distinct feeling that something’s going on that I don’t know about.
Theresa: Mama and Father Lonigan just want to make sure that everything goes
smoothly this time.
Father Lonigan: Actually, it’s more than that.
[Phone rings]
Ethan: Can you hold on a sec, Father Lonigan? This'll just take a minute, I
promise. Hello? Hello? Is someone there?
Woman: Mr. Ethan, it’s Martha. There’s a problem at the house.
[Rebecca screams]
Ethan: Oh. I’m sorry; Martha, but you shouldn’t have really called me. I’m
not a Crane anymore. It’s not my house.
Martha: It’s about your mother, sir. She’s trying to run over Mrs. Hotchkiss
in her wheelchair.
Ethan: She’s what? I’m on my way. Apparently my mother and Rebecca are trying
to kill each other.
Pilar: But Ivy’s in a wheelchair.
Ethan: She’s using the wheelchair as a weapon. I guess I better stop them.
Theresa: Please, Father, don’t tell Ethan that I married Julian. I will lose
him forever if you do.
Pilar: Things are going from bad to worse.
Tabitha: Feeling a bit better, dear?
Charity: No, not really.
Tabitha: Well, I know just the thing to cheer you up. I was going to have a
late-night snack. Would you and Miguel like to join us?
Charity: &quot;Us&quot;?
Tabitha: Did I say &quot;us&quot;? Oh, dear. Well, you know how attached I am to my
little Timmy doll. If I treat him as real, I feel a little less lonely.
Miguel: Tabitha’s right. You should eat something.
Tabitha: Now, if you're not hungry, Miguel, why don’t you go out and have a
word with your friend Kay?
Miguel: I’d be glad to, but I thought you didn’t know where she went.
Tabitha: Oh, well, I’ve just caught a glimpse of her out there, and she looks
very upset -- not that I blame her after what Grace and Sam told her tonight.
Miguel: Would you mind if I go talk to her?
Charity: No. Go ahead.
Timmy: Tabitha’s bad.
Tabitha: Ooh -- why, thank you, Timmy.
Kay: Miguel. Where’s Charity?
Miguel: Inside with Tabitha. I heard about that David Hastings guy. How you
doing?
Kay: Aside from the small matter of finding out I’m illegitimate, just fine.
Miguel: Hey. You don’t have to play tough girl with me. I know it’s got to be
rough.
Kay: You're right. It is rough. Can you believe I actually bought into the
idea that when our house was finished again we'd be like a family? We're never
going to be a real family again.
Miguel: No, don’t say that, Kay. All right? Your mom and dad love each other
and you guys more than anything in the world. They'll work this thing out.
Kay: Miguel, it’s not just a thing. My mom is married to some guy that we
don’t even know. But, you know, don’t worry about me because, I mean, I learned
a lot tonight -- that life isn’t always fair and if you want something you just
have to reach out and grab it. Do whatever it takes to make yourself happy.
Pilar: Father, I’m afraid Theresa’s right. If she confesses what she’s done
to either Ethan or her brother Luis, terrible things will happen. Ethan is still
worried about his mother and Luis is devastated by Sheridan’s death, and they
will take out their anger and frustration on Julian and pay for it the rest of
their lives. Please, don’t tell anyone what I’ve told you. Please, father.
Father Lonigan: You are one of my most devout parishioners, Pilar. If that is
your wish, I will respect it.
Pilar: Thank you.
Father Lonigan: But Theresa must understand there can be no wedding to Ethan
until her marriage to Julian is annulled.
Pilar: What -- what if that man doesn’t keep his promise? What if that animal
truly has ruined Theresa’s life forever?
Father Lonigan: You cannot think that, Pilar.
Pilar: Oh -- father, how can I not? All my life I have lived for this family,
for my family. My beloved martin disappeared, and then my son, Antonio, my
oldest, gone. I -- I still light candles for them every night. I pray for their
safe return. I don’t get angry with God. I don’t even question why he’s done
this to me. I -- I accept his will. I give him thanks for the good things that I
have left -- Miguel and Theresa and Luis. But now -- now my children are
suffering, too. I can’t take any more of this. I just -- I can’t do this
anymore.
Rebecca: Give it up, Ivy. I won. You lost. Let go of me!
Ivy: Oh, if you insist.
Rebecca: Ow!
Ivy: You can browbeat Julian all you want to, Rebecca, but you will never
oust me from this house -- not as long as there is breath in my body.
You are the trespasser here, not me!
Eve: Where’s Rebecca?
Ivy: In the foyer. Why?
Eve: Because I have something I need to tell her.
Rebecca: I don’t care what she says. She’s lying. Oh, pookie, she tried to
kill me.
Eve: Oh, my, my. Things are getting more interesting by the minute. And when
you find out what Julian’s done, you're going to want to kill him.
Luis: Are you going to be ok getting home by yourself?
Beth: Yeah. Do it every night. But if you -- you want to come by for some hot
cocoa --
Luis: Oh, thanks. Not tonight. Maybe another time.
Beth: Yeah. Maybe another time.
Sheridan: Thank you. Mmm. This is good.
Brian: Well, people do tell me I make a mean cup of hot cocoa. So, does it
remind you of anything?
Sheridan: I feel like it should, but I’m not sure.
Brian: I wish I could help.
Sheridan: I wish you could, too.
Brian: Well, I guess I should let you get some sleep.
Sheridan: Thank you for being so nice.
Brian: Anytime.
Brian: Good night.
Sheridan: Good night.
Sheridan: What is it? What am I feeling?
Ivy: Well, Eve, what’s Julian done now?
Julian: Whatever Eve has to say is irrelevant at the moment. I will not have
you and Rebecca going at one another like mud wrestlers.
Ivy: Ethan!
Ethan: Mother, are -- are you all right? What’s Rebecca done to you?
Ivy: Oh, don’t worry about it, darling. I can more than handle myself against
Rebecca. Although I do find it rather tacky that she and Julian are trying to
kick me out of my own home.
Theresa: Well, that’s terrible. They have no right!
Ivy: Well, I appreciate your indignation, Theresa, but I can do without your
help.
Ethan: Mother, I thought you had gotten past all that garbage having to do
with the e-mails sent to the tabloid coming from Theresa’s computer.
Ivy: I have tried, Ethan, but let’s face it -- none of us would be in this
predicament if it weren’t for Theresa’s carelessness.
Ethan: I don’t want to hear it, all right? Look, I love Theresa more than I
ever did. We are still going to get married. I just -- I want you two to get
along.
Ivy: So what’s this big bombshell that has to do with Julian, Eve?
Ethan: If this has anything to do with my mother’s physical condition, Julian
doesn’t matter. Not only am I Ivy’s son but I am also her attorney, and I want
to be absolutely sure that Julian and his legal team aren’t trying to pull a
fast one on her due to her vulnerable condition.
Rebecca: Are you going to let him talk to you that way?
Ethan: He has no choice, Rebecca, because there’s not a court in this land
that would condone throwing my mother out of a house she’s lived in for 20
years. Isn’t that right, Harper?
Harper: Well, there’s --
Ethan: But that aside, you know, I’m not convinced that your divorce was
legal, Julian.
Julian: But of course it was!
Ethan: Why should I believe you? I haven’t seen one iota of paperwork on a
financial settlement, nor have I seen a copy of the divorce decree. You do have
one, don’t you, Julian?
Julian: Well, not on my person, but I’m sure it’s on file with the magistrate
down there.
Ethan: Well, fine, then. I will call Bermuda first thing in the morning and
talk to them myself. But I want you all to understand that from this moment on,
we are contesting the divorce. You will not be marrying anyone else, much less
throwing my mother out of her house.
Julian: What are you -- this is outrageous! What?
Harper: Don’t argue with them.
Julian: No, but I’m just --
Harper: Don’t you see? While the divorce is being contested, Rebecca will
have to back off on marrying you. This'll buy you the time you need to get your
annulment from Theresa.
Theresa: If Ethan calls the authorities in Bermuda about Julian’s divorce,
they will tell him about his marriage to me.
Miguel: I don’t see it that way, Kay. I mean, my mother raised me to believe
that if you just treat people right, good things will happen for you.
Kay: My mom raised me to believe that, too, Miguel. But you know what? Life
just doesn’t work that way. Bad things happen to good people all the time,
Miguel.
[Charity screams]
Miguel: That’s Charity.
[Charity screams]
Tabitha: Good grief, dear, what in the world are you screaming at?
Charity: Those leaves -- they just appeared under the door!
Miguel: It’s ok. It’s ok. They got blown in by the wind.
Charity: Uh-uh. No, Miguel, they didn’t --
Miguel: No, it’s all right.
Charity: They're -- they're following me. They're trying to warn me of
something. I can feel it!
Miguel: It’s ok. It’s going to be ok.
Charity: No!
Miguel: Ok? It’s ok.
Charity: It’s so cold.
Miguel: Shh.
Charity: It’s so cold.
Miguel: I’m here. It’s ok.

Tabitha: And so the fun begins.
Theresa: Ethan is sure to find out that I married Julian when he calls
Bermuda in the morning.
Eve: No. No, not if Julian can get the marriage annulled by then. Then it
should be expunged from the records.
Theresa: Mr. Crane, you have got to get the annulment immediately.
Julian: I’m doing my best, dear.
Rebecca: Excuse me, Theresa. I need a word with my future husband. Julian,
are you and your attorney actually allowing Ivy to contest a perfectly legal
divorce? Just -- just throw her out of the house.
Julian: Well, not just yet, dear.
Rebecca: Why not? You said you would.
Julian: Well, I know, but on second thought, I -- I realized how insanely it
might appear for me to throw my newly paralyzed ex-wife out of a home she’s
called her own for so many years.
Harper: Absolutely correct, Julian. You wouldn’t want to pull a female judge
if this goes to court.
Julian: No. Hmm.
Ethan: We've just won the first round, mother.
Rebecca: What about us? What about our wedding plans? Just how long is she
going to stay here?
Julian: Well, it shouldn’t take more than a couple of days to straighten this
out. I think you can be patient for that long.
Rebecca: To hell with patience. I demand to know what the hell is going on
here!
Beth: Well, I guess this is good night.
Luis: Thanks for putting up with me.
Beth: I told you --
Luis: Right -- I’m great company.
Beth: You don’t have to be with me.
Luis: No. I’m glad Hank got me to come out. It wasn’t nearly as bad as I
thought it was -- that -- that’s -- that’s not what I meant.
Beth: No --
Luis: I just --
Beth: Don’t worry about it. I really do understand. Take care of yourself,
you hear?
Luis: I’ll do my best.
Sheridan: Hello, moon. Are you looking over my friends and family, too? Where
are they? Doesn’t anyone miss me?
Luis: Good night, Sheridan.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 10/16/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 10/16/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Rebecca: Pilar. What are you doing here?
Pilar: I work here, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Well. You have some nerve coming here after attacking poor Julian. I
mean, hitting him, scratching him on the face -- how could you do that to your
employer? And why?
Pilar: I have my reasons. What happened between Mr. Crane and me is personal.
Rebecca: You are on thin ice with me, Pilar. Could you bring in the rest of
my bags, please?
Pilar: I’m not your slave.&nbsp;
Rebecca: You still work here. If you have a problem taking orders from me,
you -- well, you could quit.
Pilar: Not as long as Mrs. Crane is in this house. I work for her.
Rebecca: Well, don’t make yourself too comfortable because neither you nor
Ivy are going to be here for very long.
Pilar: Ivy told me this morning that she’s contesting the divorce and that
Julian is allowing her to stay in the house for now.
Rebecca: Well, thank you so much for the update, but it really is none of
your concern.
Pilar: Look, I am not interested in your pathetic attempt to take over this
house.
Rebecca: &quot;Pathetic&quot;? You listen to me, tequita -- Ivy is not going to be able
to stop Julian from divorcing her, and I am moving in here today, and I will
marry Julian.
Pilar: I&#39;ll get somebody to help you with your bags.
Rebecca: Ooh. Ooh, the nerve of that woman.

Gwen: Mother, maybe you should wait till Julian’s divorce is final before you
start moving in here.
Rebecca: No way! If Ivy has moved back in here, then I have to defend my
turf.
Gwen: I just think it&#39;ll be really uncomfortable living under the same roof
as Ivy, especially with Pilar being so hateful.
Rebecca: Well, I don’t care. Something is going on here. I can just -- I can
smell it. I don’t know what it is, and I tried to get it out of Julian, but he
keeps putting me off. Before this day is out, I’m going to find out what it is.

Julian: Oh, my, look at me -- cut and bruised as if I&#39;d been in a common
street brawl.
Harper: Not a common brawl, Julian. Your attackers were two women.
Julian: Yes, among others. I have a good mind to press charges. God! I ask
you, Harper, did I deserve such treatment?
Pilar: You bastard!
Julian: Oh!
[Julian groans]
Pilar: You defiled my daughter!
Julian: Pilar --
Pilar: You took her virginity! You ruined her! That’s the ultimate sin!
Julian: Ow!
Pilar: I should tear your eyes out!
Julian: No!
Pilar: Oh, you son of a bitch!
Julian: Oh! Ow!
Eve: It is bad enough that you got her drunk, but then to sleep with her!
Julian: We were married, for crying out loud!
Eve: As if she wanted to be married to an insufferable pig like you!
Julian: No good deed goes unpunished.
Harper: Do you call seducing Pilar’s young daughter a good deed?
Julian: What? I married the girl, didn’t I? I gave her my name. She’s Mrs.
Julian Crane. I made an honest woman of her. If that’s not a good deed, then I
don’t know what it is. And this is what I get for my trouble.
Harper: Do you understand the mess you&#39;re in? You&#39;re about to be married to
three women at the same time. You married Theresa in secret.
Julian: I divorced Ivy.
Harper: And Ivy is contesting the divorce. And Rebecca expects to marry you
ASAP. She won’t be put off much longer.
Julian: God, can’t you think of something, Harper, some legal reason to
postpone my marrying Rebecca?
Harper: No. I’m through, Julian. Hire another lawyer to get your annulment
from Theresa. Hire someone else to finish your divorce from Ivy. I’ve had it! I
work for Alistair, and I’m going to tell him everything.
Julian: No
[Phone rings]
Alistair: Julian, what the hell is going on?

[Door opens]
Whitney: Hey.
Theresa: Whit.
Whitney: Where’s your mom? Where’s Ethan?
Theresa: Mama’s at the mansion and Ethan’s asleep on the couch.
Whitney: Good. So, has Julian come through with the annulment yet or not?
Theresa: Not so loud, ok? You&#39;ll wake Ethan.
Whitney: So I guess you haven’t told him anything about Julian getting you
drunk and then marrying you?
Theresa: Of course I haven’t told him.
Whitney: So, are you annulled yet or not?
Theresa: I don’t know. I mean, I haven’t heard from Julian.
Whitney: Well, you better talk to him. You need to make sure that he gets
that annulment right away or Ethan is sure to find out the truth.
Ethan: Ooh, what’s this?

Sheridan’s voice: Luis? Luis?
Sheridan’s voice: Luis, I’m here.
Luis: Who’s here? I don’t see anyone.
Sheridan: Luis, I’m here. It’s me.
Luis: Sheridan?
Sheridan: Yes, Luis, it’s me.
Luis: Sheridan, is that really you?
Sheridan: Yes, Luis, it’s me. I’m here.
Luis: You&#39;re alive?
Sheridan: Yes, I’m alive.
Luis: Thank God. I thought I&#39;d lost you.
Sheridan: I would never leave you.
Luis: And I would never leave you. I love you so much. Sheridan -- Sheridan.

Julian: I was just thinking about you, father.
Alistair: Put me on the speakerphone, Julian. I know Harper’s there with you.
Julian: Ahem -- he knows you&#39;re here. Now, if you mention a word about what
happened, I swear I’ll have you disbarred.
Alistair: What the devil are you muttering about? Speak up, boy.
Julian: Well, I just said I hope you&#39;re enjoying your safari.
Alistair: Got him!
Julian: Sounds as if you&#39;re on a shoot as we speak.
Alistair: That’s exactly where I am. Unlike you, I’m adept at multitasking.
Now, what’s this I hear about Ivy moving back into the house?
Julian: Um -- I had no choice. And Ethan’s helping her contest the divorce.
Alistair: Ethan? If he knows what’s good for him, he&#39;d better not make
trouble for the Crane family.

Ethan: What’s going on in here? I suspect cooking.
Theresa: Yes. I made you breakfast, and I was just going to wake you up.
Ethan: Well, it smells terrific. Thank you.
Theresa: Did you sleep ok on the couch?
Ethan: Yeah, yeah. It was fine. I -- I just -- I couldn’t stop my mind from
racing.
Theresa: What were you thinking about?
Ethan: Opening up my own law office.
Whitney: Really?
Ethan: Well, you know, I’ve tried to get a job at every law firm in this
town, but --
Theresa: Julian and Alistair have you blackballed.
Whitney: Right.
Ethan: Right, so, you know, this is really the only thing I can do -- open up
my own law office.
Theresa: Well, I think it’s a wonderful idea.
Whitney: Yeah.
Theresa: Sit.
Ethan: I knew you would. No, it’s just last night when I was helping my
mother; I remembered why I became a lawyer in the first place.
Whitney: Well, I thought it was so you could take over Crane industries one
day.
Ethan: Well, that was really Julian and Alistair’s plan. I mean, I just
always dreamed of helping the underdog. And, you know, I remembered that when I
was able to stop Julian and Rebecca from throwing my mother out of the house.
Whitney: Mrs. Crane was at the Crane mansion last night? I thought she was
still in the hospital.
Theresa: Well, she got out and she’s furious with Julian, so she’s contesting
the divorce.
Whitney: Is she?
Ethan: Well, I just -- I don’t think the divorce is legal since Julian filed
it in Bermuda. And in the meantime, my mother has every right to stay in the
house until the case is resolved.
Whitney: So Ivy and Julian are still married?
Ethan: Well, it’s tricky. I mean, if Julian married someone in Bermuda where
he finalized the divorce, that would be legal. But since my mother is contesting
the divorce, he can’t marry Rebecca. I mean, if he did, he&#39;d be a bigamist. It’s
just -- I’m hoping that with my legal knowledge, I can help other women in my
mother’s position -- you know, women that are in a troubled marriage and are
miserable.
Whitney: Oh, well, you know, I’m sure you can find one or two women like
that.
Theresa: Well, I think it’s a wonderful idea that you&#39;re opening up your own
law office. You know, I’m going to look for a job, too.
Ethan: You wouldn’t be interested in going back to work for my mother, would
you?
Theresa: She’s -- she’s back at the mansion. I mean, I -- I couldn’t do that.
I can’t!
Ethan: Well, I understand why.
Theresa: You do?
Ethan: Well, yeah. I mean, I know why you want to get as far away from that
house as you can.
Theresa: Why -- why do you think that I don’t want to go back to work at the
mansion?
Ethan: Well, I know you still think my mother blames you for the tabloid
getting that e-mail saying I’m not a Crane.
Theresa: Yes. Well, she does, Ethan. I mean, you saw her last night. She’s so
angry with me.
Ethan: But, look, I told her you didn’t do it. And -- look, I’m going to talk
to her again and try to get her to believe you. And then I’ll talk to her about
you coming back to work for her.
Theresa: No. No, no, please, Ethan, don’t. I mean, I don’t think that she&#39;ll
ever forgive me, and it&#39;ll just be uncomfortable. I will find another job.
Whitney: I’m sure she will, Ethan.
Theresa: Wait a minute. If you&#39;re going to open up your own law office, you
are going to need a secretary. I could be your Erin Brockovich.
Ethan: That’s a good idea. Then we could work together.
Whitney: All you need now is to find a space.
Ethan: That’s right, and we don’t even need that much room -- just enough
space for a couple of desks and some chairs.
Theresa: I’ve got it. I know just the place.

Luis: Sheridan! Sheridan, don’t go! Don’t leave me! Sheridan? Sheridan, where
are you?
Luis: Sheridan? Sheridan? Why&#39;d you run away?
Sheridan: I went to the cottage. I wanted to cut a rose -- last one of the
year. You know, always loved the roses that your father planted for your mother
all those years ago. Those roses are a symbol of our love, too. And as long as
those roses are in bloom, I will love you, always.
Luis: And I&#39;ll always love you.
Luis: Sheridan.

Alistair: What have you done about Ethan’s interference?
Julian: I’m working on it, father. It only happened last night.
Alistair: Well, needless to say, I will be very displeased if Ethan drags out
this divorce. You need to marry Rebecca -- and fast! She knows way too much
about our family secrets.
Julian: Yes, I know, father, and I’m most anxious to marry her.
Alistair: Well, see to it. If she’s your wife, you know, she can’t be forced
to testify against you should there be an investigation into Sheridan’s death.
Don’t you agree, Harper?
Harper: Yes, sir, Mr. Crane. The best for the family would be for Julian and
Rebecca to marry as soon as possible.
Alistair: Then make it happen, Julian. With Sheridan taken care of and Ethan
out of the family, I have no choice but to leave matters in your hands. Don’t
screw up.
Julian: Everything is being handled, father. No need to worry.
Alistair: Is that true, Harper? Is Julian telling me everything I need to
know?
Harper: Yes, sir. You know everything. Everything is running smoothly.
Alistair: Good. It’s a jungle out there, Julian. Marry Rebecca.

Gwen: Why do you think there’s something going on behind your back? Something
like what?
Rebecca: I wish I knew, Gwennie. I do, but something is going on. I mean, why
else would Julian allow Ivy to stay here at the mansion?
Gwen: Well, Ivy’s been injured. She just got out of the hospital. Perhaps
Julian thought it was just appropriate that he let her stay here until the
divorce is final.
Rebecca: No. Julian never does anything out of the goodness of his heart. No,
there has to be some reason, something -- oh, something that he is getting out
of it by letting Ivy stay here at the house, and I think I know what it is.
Gwen: What is it?
Rebecca: I think he’s going to use Ivy’s contesting the divorce to try to
weasel out of marrying me.
Gwen: Well, why would he do that? I thought he wanted to marry you.
Rebecca: Well, I certainly believed he did. But then he started acting so
strangely. It all started in Bermuda.
Gwen: I think you&#39;re just being paranoid.
Rebecca: No. Someone who’s paranoid has all the facts, and I don’t. But I
will have them. And if I find out that Julian doesn’t want to marry me, I am
going to make him pay. And I know enough about Julian to bring down the entire
Crane Empire.

Pilar: You can take the luggage upstairs to Mr. Crane’s bedroom, Waldo.
Waldo: Mr. Crane’s bedroom? Are you sure?
Rebecca: Yes, Mr. Crane’s bedroom. Do you have a problem with that?
Waldo: No, ma&#39;am, Mrs. Hotchkiss.
Rebecca: Good. Then do it.
Gwen: Mother, would you please calm down.
Pilar: Just take the things upstairs, Waldo.
Rebecca: Yes. Take all the bags except for this one.
Pilar: Is that a gun case, Rebecca?
Rebecca: That is none of your business.
Pilar: It is if there’s a gun in that case. Where do you plan to use it?
Rebecca: Well, don’t worry, Pilar. I won’t use it on Ivy. I don’t need a gun
to take out the trash.
Pilar: I’m happy to hear it. On the other hand, I wouldn’t object at all if
you were to use it on Mr. Crane.
Rebecca: Hmm.
Ooh. Oh, I swear, as soon as I am Mrs. Julian Crane, Pilar’s head will roll.
Gwen: Mother, there’s -- there’s not really a gun in that case, is there?

Theresa: Ta-da! Welcome to the new law offices of Ethan Winthrop, Esquire.
Whitney: So this is the great idea?
Ethan: Here in the living room?
Theresa: Yeah! Why not? I mean, we are hardly ever in it. We&#39;re always in the
kitchen!
Ethan: Yeah, but what about Pilar?
Theresa: Mama won’t mind.
Ethan: Well, what about Luis? I mean, how would he feel about this?
Luis: What? How would I feel about what?
Theresa: Luis. Didn’t you get any sleep at all last night?
Luis: Yeah, I guess. I dreamed a lot.
Theresa: What&#39;d you dream about?
Luis: Sheridan. She was at the front door. She was holding a rose. It was
from the bush that papa had planted for Mama. And those roses always meant a lot
to me and Sheridan. Those roses are special, you know.
Sheridan: I know. So whenever we&#39;re apart, just look at this rose and you&#39;ll
know that I’m thinking of you and I haven’t forgotten about you. I haven’t
forgotten our love.
Theresa: I’m sorry, Luis. You know what? Why don’t I make you some breakfast?
And then maybe later we can all go all a nice walk on the beach.
Luis: Well, thanks, but I got to get down to the station house.
Ethan: You&#39;re going back to work so soon?
Whitney: Luis, are you sure you&#39;re ready for that?
Luis: Well, I have to go back to work. It’s the only thing that’s going to
keep me sane.

[Sheridan gasps]
[Brakes screech]
Sheridan: No.
Liz: What’s wrong?
Brian: Diana must be having a bad dream.
Liz: Oh, well, I’m not surprised. Lost at sea, half-dead when you found her
-- she’s been through a terrible trauma.
Brian: And she doesn’t even remember the accident that caused her to be lost
at sea.
Liz: No, and that’s a mercy. But she also doesn’t remember her name, who she
is, or where she comes from. No wonder she’s having bad dreams.
Sheridan: No.
Brian: Poor girl. Maybe I should wake her.
Liz: I think it’s best you let her sleep. Doc said her subconscious might
still be working in her dreams. Maybe she’s reliving something in her past while
she sleeps.
Brian: Do you really think so?
Liz: That’s what doc says. Who knows? Maybe when she wakes up, she&#39;ll have a
clue about who she is.
Brian: Could doc be right? Could Diana’s past be alive in her subconscious,
and suddenly when she wakes up she remembers everything?
Liz: You wouldn’t like that very much, would you?
Brian: I admit I wouldn’t mind if she didn’t remember her past at all. But I
can see how much that it troubles her, not knowing anything about it. I want to
help her find out about her past. I just hope it all doesn’t come back at once.
Liz: You&#39;re hoping she&#39;ll spend enough time here so that she&#39;ll fall for you
and that when she remembers she won’t want to leave.
Brian: Liz, do you believe in love at first sight?
Liz: Are you serious?
Brian: I’m just asking. Do you believe in love at first sight?
Liz: Well, you&#39;re asking the wrong person. I’ve been knocked around so many
times, I’m not sure I believe in love at all.
Sheridan: No.
Brian: Looks like she’s waking up.
Liz: Yes. Maybe in a few minutes we&#39;ll find out if her past came back to her
in her sleep.

Theresa: I think you&#39;re right, Luis. Work will help you move on with your
life.
Ethan: Yeah. I mean, I feel the same way. You know, I’ve given up on trying
to find jobs at one of the local law firms, so I’m -- I’m starting up my own law
firm.
Theresa: I’m going to be his secretary.
Luis: That’s good. So, did you find a space yet?
Ethan: Well, actually, Theresa suggested that we use the living room as a
space -- you know, just until we start-getting clients and money starts coming
in.
Theresa: I told Ethan that Mama wouldn’t mind. I mean, do you mind, Luis?
Luis: No, not at all. In fact, I think it’s great -- the whole family working
together towards a common cause. Let me know if I can help, you know. I know
it’s what Sheridan would have wanted. So, I&#39;d better get down to the station
house, ok? Ethan, let me know if there’s anything I can do, all right?
Ethan: Yeah. Thanks, Luis.
Luis: You got it.
Theresa: I told you that Luis and Mama wouldn’t mind. Now -- if we get rid of
this sofa, we can put a desk right here. And maybe, you know, a bigger desk
right here. We could go to the used furniture place. Oh, this is so exciting,
Whitney!
Whitney: It’s going to be really wonderful.
Theresa: Yeah. We could -- we could decorate this place together. You know,
we want to make sure it looks dignified and lawyerly.
Ethan: You know, Theresa -- I hate to put a damper in your happiness, but we
kind of have a problem. Actually, it’s a major problem.
Theresa: Well, what is it?
Ethan: Julian.
Whitney: Julian?
Theresa: What does -- what does Julian have to do with this?
Ethan: Everything.

Julian: Oh, I tell you, my nerves are shot. I think I&#39;ll go to the club and
try to unwind. Would you check out there and see if Pilar is skulking around
somewhere?
Harper: Is she still working here?
Julian: Well, Ivy’s back, so I assume her lifelong lackey is with her. I
don’t want to run into the harridan. Please, just go check the hall for me.
Harper: You&#39;re all clear.
Julian: Good. Pilar was so righteous about her precious little girl’s virtue.
If she only knew. That little tamale wanted it as much as I did.
[Julian chuckles]
Harper: Julian --
Julian: Oh! What I wouldn’t give for 10 more minutes in bed with Theresa.
[Julian chuckles]
Harper: Julian, shut up!
Julian: What’s --
Pilar: You pig!
Julian: Pilar, don’t hurt me!
Pilar: Oh! You stay away from my daughter!
Julian: Harper, help me!
Pilar: You worthless animal! You should be shot!
Julian: Harper!
Pilar: Oh!
Julian: Ow! No, Pilar -- Pilar -- Harper!

Officer: Luis, it’s good to see you back.
Second officer: How’s it going, man?
Third officer: How you doing?
Luis: Good, thanks.
Officer: Luis, it’s great to see you back at work so soon.
Luis: Yeah. Yeah, I know.
Officer: Look; I just want to say, on behalf of all of us, you have our
deepest sympathies. If there’s anything you need, anything at all --
Luis: Well, thanks.
Officer: Yeah.
Luis: Thanks a lot. I think that work’s the only place that’s going to help,
you know? It&#39;ll just help me take my mind off everything that’s happened.
Officer: I understand.
Luis: Thanks again.

Sheridan: Good morning.
Brian: Good morning. Would you like some coffee?
Sheridan: Yes, please.
Liz: Did you sleep all right? We couldn’t help hearing you moan in your
sleep.
Brian: It was as if you were having a bad dream.
Sheridan: Thank you. I was. It was very bad.
Brian: Well, do you remember what it was about?
Sheridan: No. Flew out of my head as soon as I woke up. I wonder if it had
anything to do with my past.
Brian: It could be possible.
Sheridan: What was it, Brian? What -- what would make me have a nightmare?
Brian: I don’t know. Maybe you were dreaming about being caught in the
hurricane.
Sheridan: Maybe. But maybe it was something else. If I could just remember
one thing, it might just bring everything back then.

Theresa: I don’t understand, Ethan. I mean, what does Julian have to do with
you opening up your new law office?
Ethan: Well, the money I would have if I were still Julian’s son. I have
nothing now.
Theresa: I know, Ethan, but that doesn’t matter. I mean, we can start with
nothing. You don’t have to give up your dream. It means everything to you.
Ethan: No. See, I just -- I wasn’t thinking before. Look, even if we start
the office here in your living room, we still need money for law books,
advertising, telephones.
Whitney: Well, what about your mother, Ethan? She came from a wealthy family,
didn’t she?
Ethan: Yes, but all her assets are frozen until the divorce is negotiated,
and I have no idea how long that’s going to take. I’m sorry, but -- I mean --
I’m just going to have to put our dreams on hold.
Theresa: I guess we have no other choice.
Ethan: Well -- I mean, in the meantime, you know, we can get jobs of our own
and start saving. Look, don’t worry. It’s going to happen one of these days.
Theresa: I know it will.
Ethan: Ok. I’m going to go put on something else. Then I’m going to run over
to the book cafe, see if I can get some second-hand law books.
Whitney: That’s a really good idea.
Ethan: Theresa, I may not be able to start my law firm right away, but at
least I can start working towards my dream.
Theresa: It breaks my heart to see him so brave. It’s sad to see him have to
just put off his dream.
Whitney: Well, honey, he’s being realistic, you know?
Theresa: There has to be some way I can get the money for Ethan.
Theresa: That’s it. I know how to get the money for Ethan.
Whitney: Oh, no. You know, I don’t like it when you get that look in your
eye, Theresa. Whenever you get that look in your eye, it means disaster.

Gwen: There’s nothing in there that I should be afraid of, is there?
Rebecca: No, there’s nothing for you to be afraid of.
Gwen: I think that we should -- we should just keep it cool. I know you&#39;re
upset, and I know that you are upset that you couldn’t marry Julian as soon as
possible, but it’s going to be hard to live under the same roof with Ivy.
Rebecca: I will force myself to ignore it.
Gwen: Well, it’s going to be hard for her, too, knowing that you&#39;re sharing a
bedroom with Julian.
Rebecca: Why? She never wanted to be there. That’s why she’s in the situation
she is.
Gwen: I understand. I just -- I just want you to remember that nothing is
solved by violence.
Rebecca: I agree. It’s just sometimes it is necessary to send a very forceful
message.
Gwen: Oh, my God, put it away!
Rebecca: You know, I always was the best shot at the country club grouse
shoot. You know, if Julian and I need to have a shotgun wedding, so be it.

Whitney: Whatever you&#39;re thinking about doing, Theresa, don’t do it. You&#39;re
already on the edge of disaster. Don’t make anything any worse.
Theresa: Whitney, I’m not going to make things worse.
Whitney: But you could. Listen to me. Your secret marriage to Julian could
destroy everything that you have with Ethan. Don’t risk that.
Theresa: You don’t even know what my idea is.
Whitney: Exactly, and I’m afraid to ask you.
Theresa: All right, look. Look at me. What do you see?
[Whitney laughs]
Whitney: I see my crazy friend who&#39;ll do anything for the man that she loves.
Theresa: Ok, that’s right.
But the person that you also see sitting here is Mrs. Julian Crane.
Whitney: So, what does that have to do with you getting money for Ethan,
Theresa?
Theresa: Don’t you get it? Until Julian gets my marriage annulled, I am Mrs.
Crane -- the rich Mrs. Crane.
Whitney: So what? So is Ivy, according to Ethan.
Theresa: Well, until they get that whole thing untangled, I’m legally
Julian’s wife, not Ivy. See, Julian married me legally in Bermuda after he
divorced Ivy. Think about it.
Whitney: You know, I am thinking about it, Theresa, and it’s really scaring
me.
Theresa: Whit, don’t be silly. Why shouldn’t I take advantage of the fact
that Julian’s my husband? Whit, this is the answer to my prayers. I’m going to
ask Julian for the money.

Julian: You -- I ought to -- Harper, please help me.
Pilar: Not even God can help you! I hope your soul burns in hell!
Harper: I understand completely, Pilar, but enough.
[Pilar groans]
Julian: Oh!
Pilar: You -- don’t you ever touch my daughter again, you pig!
Julian: I -- I promise you, I will never touch her again.
Pilar: If you do, I won’t let Luis kill you! I&#39;ll kill you myself with
poison, and you&#39;ll die the slow, painful death a pig like you deserves! Oh!

Gwen: Mother -- mother, please put that gun away. You&#39;re really scaring me.
Rebecca: There is nothing for you to be afraid of. Now, Julian, on the other
hand --
Gwen: This is insane. You can’t -- you can’t possibly think that you&#39;re going
to force Julian into marrying you by shooting up the place.
Rebecca: I did not divorce your father to end up with just a bunch of broken
promises. Now, if Ivy is going to stake her claim, then I have to stake mine.
And possession is 9/10 of the law. And I intend to possess Julian and everything
that goes with the Crane name, including this mansion. Ah! You know, I always
hated that vase of Ivy’s. Just doesn’t go with my decor.

Officer: I saved your mail for you, Luis. Looks like a lot of sympathy cards.
Luis: Oh. Thanks, Ryan.
Luis: Hey, you know what? I think I&#39;ll just answer these at home. Is there,
like, a box or something I could put them in?
Ryan: Yeah, sure. Try that, Luis.
Luis: Thanks, buddy.
Sheridan’s voice: Whenever you and I are apart, just look at this rose and
you&#39;ll know I’m thinking of you. You&#39;ll know I haven’t forgotten you. I haven’t
forgotten our love.
Luis: My God. Sheridan’s alive.
Sheridan: It’s so frustrating. I mean, I’m so close, but I -- I -- I can’t
remember. I can’t remember what I dreamed.

Brian: Try not to let it upset you, Diana.
Sheridan: I can’t help it. I’m just so afraid that I won’t get my memory
back.
Brian: Look -- sometimes a thought will pop into your head or a dream will
pop into your head just when you&#39;re thinking of something completely and totally
different.
Sheridan: You think so?
Brian: That’s what I’ve heard, anyway.
Sheridan: Maybe you&#39;re right. You know, I think I&#39;ll go take a walk, clear my
head.
Brian: Great. I&#39;ll go with you.
Liz: Hey, Brian, hold on a minute. I&#39;d like a word with you.
Sheridan: I&#39;ll just -- I&#39;ll wait for you over here.
Brian: All right. What is it, Liz?
Liz: I saw your face a minute ago when Diana was trying to remember her
dream. You&#39;re afraid that she’s going to remember someone she’s in love with,
aren’t you?
Brian: I won’t deny it. I mean, it would be foolish to think that a woman as
beautiful as Diana didn’t have someone special in her life. But maybe by the
time she remembers, I will have replaced that special someone.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 10/17/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Wednesday 10/17/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Ryan: Saved your mail for you, Luis. Looks like a lot of sympathy cards.
Luis: Thanks, Ryan. Hey, Ryan, you know, I think I’ll just answer these at
home if you can get me a box to put them in.
Ryan: Yeah, sure. Go ahead.
Luis: Thanks.
Sheridan&#39;s voice: Whenever you and I are apart, just look at this rose and
you&#39;ll know I’m thinking of you. You&#39;ll know that I haven&#39;t forgotten you. I
haven&#39;t forgotten our love.
Luis: My God, Sheridan&#39;s alive.
Sam: Morning, guys.
Luis: Sam, she&#39;s alive. Sheridan&#39;s alive.
Sam: What are you talking about?
Luis: This rose. Sam, this is her way of telling me. I know it. Sheridan sent
me this rose! Sheridan&#39;s alive.

Liz: You be careful, Brian. Go easy.
Brian: Careful about what?
Liz: You know very well what. You&#39;re falling for the lovely, mysterious
Diana.
Brian: Like I could help myself. That is one beautiful woman out there.
Liz: And what happens when her memory comes back? She could remember that
she&#39;s in love with someone else.
Brian: Well, I’m hoping by the time she remembers her past, whoever it was
she was in love with won&#39;t matter to her anymore because she&#39;ll be so in love
with me, she won&#39;t want to leave.

Chad: Hey, what&#39;s happening?
Ethan: Morning.
Chad: How you doing, man?
Ethan: All right.
Beth: Hey, Ethan. I didn&#39;t get a chance to tell you I’m so sorry about
Sheridan. She was a wonderful person.
Ethan: Thanks, Beth. She was a wonderful person, and I’m going to miss her
terribly. But, you know, in a way, her death has given me courage to seize the
day, to learn to live life and every moment. That&#39;s what counts. That&#39;s what&#39;s
important.
Beth: I hope this means that you and Theresa are going to set a new wedding
date?
Ethan: Well, not only are we going to get married but we&#39;re going to be
working together, too.
Beth: Oh.
Chad: Oh, really?
Ethan: Yeah. I don&#39;t want anything to keep Theresa and me apart.

Whitney: Have you totally lost it, Theresa? You&#39;re going to ask Julian for
the money?
Theresa: Yes, so Ethan can open his own law firm.
Whitney: But you can&#39;t ask Julian.
Theresa: Whitney, I don&#39;t want to ask him, but Ethan needs start-up money to
open his own law firm, and I will do anything to make his dream come true.
Whitney: Yeah, but why Julian?
Theresa: Because I’m his wife -- at least until he gets the annulment.
Whitney, he has to support me. So I’ll get the money from him and I’ll buy
everything Ethan needs.
Whitney: Have you completely lost your mind?

Rebecca: I always hated that vase.
Gwen: Mother, that was one of Ivy&#39;s family heirlooms.
Rebecca: Oh! Well, enough said. Let&#39;s see how many of her family heirlooms I
can blow to smithereens.
Gwen: Ok, mother, why don&#39;t you -- why don&#39;t you put the gun down?
Rebecca: Oh, this is not a gun, Gwennie. This is a rifle. And it is powerful
enough to bring down a rhino -- let alone a Crane.
Gwen: I know you&#39;re upset. I know you&#39;re angry that Julian is letting Ivy
stay here until the divorce is final. But shooting up the place isn&#39;t going to
solve anything.
Rebecca: Well, maybe not, but it&#39;ll certainly give Julian a heads up, let him
know I mean business and that he&#39;d better marry me because if he doesn&#39;t --
bang.

Julian: Stop her!
Harper: Don&#39;t -- don&#39;t, Pilar!
Pilar: Let go! If you ever go near Theresa again, I will poison you, I swear
it!
Julian: God, you heard her. Harper, she threatened me.
Pilar: It&#39;s not a threat, Julian. It&#39;s a promise. You will die in agony by my
hand. I won&#39;t let my son or Ethan go to prison for killing you. I will do it
myself!
Julian: To be threatened in one&#39;s own home by one&#39;s own servant, no less --
well, it&#39;s an outrage. I won&#39;t stand for it. Harper, I want you to have Pilar
arrested.
Harper: That&#39;d be very unwise, Julian.
Julian: If you won&#39;t call the police, then I will!
Harper: No, no, don&#39;t!
[Phone rings]
Luis: Harmony P.D., Officer Lopez Fitzgerald.
Julian: Will no one save me from these damn Lopez Fitzgerald’s?

Luis: I’m telling you, Sam, Sheridan is alive.
Sam: Luis, Sheridan --
Luis: Sheridan is alive. Sam, I’m telling you, Sheridan is alive.
Sam: We&#39;ve never really had a chance to sit down and talk about what went on
down in Bermuda. The accident --
Luis: It&#39;s ok.
Sam: No, it isn&#39;t. Look, it&#39;s just that I’ve got so many things going on in
my life right now. That&#39;s no excuse. I should&#39;ve been there for you no matter
what.
Luis: Sam, don&#39;t worry about it.
Sam: You love Sheridan as much as any man could love a woman.
Luis: Yeah.
Sam: As much as I love Grace. And if I lost her, I don&#39;t know what I’d do,
how I’d react. Luis, you have to accept the fact that Sheridan is gone.
Luis: No.
Sam: People don&#39;t come back from the dead.
Luis: Sam, I know there&#39;s a death certificate, but that means nothing. Sam,
this means everything. Sam, look. My father planted a rosebush for my mother
next to Sheridan&#39;s cottage. Now, one day I picked a rose for Sheridan, and
Sheridan told me that whenever I looked at a rose she would be thinking of me.
Now, this rose just didn&#39;t happen to end up on my desk by accident.
Sam: I know how hard you want to believe --
Luis: No, Sam, you don&#39;t understand. Sheridan is alive. She&#39;s alive, and
she&#39;s coming back to me. Look.
Sam: She was beautiful.
Luis: She is beautiful. Sheridan is beautiful. See that smile? I’m going to
see that smile again just the way she&#39;s smiling right there.

Liz: Have you told her? Does Diana know how you feel about her?
Brian: That&#39;s just about the last thing she needs to hear right now. The
woman has suffered a terrible trauma. She doesn&#39;t remember who she is. And right
now I’m just some guy to her. But later down the line --
Liz: And what makes you think she&#39;d fall for a lot like you?
Brian: Because no woman can escape my charms.
Liz: &quot;Charms&quot;? I have other words for it.
Brian: Well, you can&#39;t blame a man for hoping, can you?
Liz: What, that no one will ever come looking for her? Brian, if a man once
loved her, what makes you think he would ever forget her?
Brian: Because there&#39;s not been anything about her in the papers and no one&#39;s
come looking for her yet.

[Sheridan gasps]
Sheridan: What was I remembering? Was it a dream or was it real?

Julian: Of course I’ll stay away from Theresa, even though she is my wife.
Pilar: You seduced my daughter, you filthy, old man!
Julian: &quot;Old&quot;?
Pilar: You took her virginity, forced her to marry you. Hell is too good for
you, Julian. You get this marriage annulled!
Julian: I’ve already told you, Harper&#39;s working on it.
Harper: As I said, it will take some time.
Pilar: Today! I want it done today! Now that Ivy&#39;s contesting the divorce,
not only is my daughter married to a pig but a bigamist, too. Uh!
Julian: Wh-- you stay away from me, you hellcat! Get out of this house right
now! And you&#39;re fired.
Pilar: You can&#39;t fire me. I work for Ivy. And as long as she stays, I stay.

Rebecca: Time to send Julian a crystal-clear message -- if he doesn&#39;t marry
me, he gets one right between the eyes.
Gwen: Mother, no.
Rebecca: Oh, I will be the next Mrs. Julian Crane, or so help me --
[Gunshot]
Julian: That&#39;s the second time I’ve heard that sound.
Harper: It sounded like a gunshot.
Gwen: Mother, please put the gun away before somebody gets hurt.
Rebecca: And that someone will be Julian if he even thinks about dumping me.
[Gunshot]

Whitney: Theresa, you can&#39;t ask Julian for the money. If Ethan were ever to
find out, he&#39;d go ballistic.
Theresa: That&#39;s why Ethan can never find out.
Whitney: You know, just how many secrets can you keep from the man that you
say that you love, the man that you intend to marry? You know, this is just one
more secret that&#39;s going to come crashing down on you, Theresa.
Theresa: Whitney, Julian has promised to get our marriage annulled, so
there&#39;s no reason for Ethan to ever find out that we were married.
Whitney: Just because there&#39;s no reason doesn&#39;t mean it&#39;s not going to
happen.
Theresa: Why are you being a downer like this?
Whitney: I thought I was being your friend.
Theresa: I’m -- I’m sorry. I know that you&#39;re worried about me, but don&#39;t be.
Whitney: Theresa, I just want you to think logically about this, that&#39;s all.
If you give Ethan money to open his own law firm, he&#39;s going to want to know
where it came from. And what are you going to tell him -- that the tooth fairy
brought it?
Theresa: Look, I’ll come up with something. You know, but right now I need to
concentrate on what I’m going to say to Julian.
Whitney: Theresa, your whole future is at stake here, your life with Ethan.
Don&#39;t do this. Don&#39;t ask Julian for that money.
Theresa: I have to, Whitney.

Brian: Is everything all right, Diana?
Sheridan: I think I just had a memory about the past, but I’m not sure. It
could&#39;ve been another nightmare.
Brian: Memory about what?
Sheridan: Something to do with this rosebush.
Brian: Well, I don&#39;t know much about flowers, but I would think that these
rosebushes grow everywhere. Maybe you just remember it from another time,
another
Sheridan: No. It&#39;s more than that. I can feel it.

Luis: I’m telling you, Sheridan is alive.
Sam: Luis --
Luis: Sam, I don&#39;t know how she survived the explosion or the hurricane, but
she did. Mama said to pray for a miracle, and I did, and God gave it to me.
Sam: Ok. Let&#39;s say for the sake of argument she is still alive. Why hasn&#39;t
she contacted you?
Luis: Maybe -- well, maybe she got hurt. She can&#39;t call, she can&#39;t e-mail or
anything.
Sam: If she&#39;s in the hospital, wouldn&#39;t a doctor call?
Luis: Well, what if she lost her voice and she can&#39;t get out of bed?
Sam: Oh, come on, Luis. You&#39;re really reaching.
Luis: Come on, Sam. You know as a cop, we&#39;re not supposed to rule out
anything.
Sam: If she can&#39;t talk or move about, then who sent you the rose?
Luis: Well, I haven&#39;t figured that out yet, but I know there&#39;s an
explanation.
Sam: Luis, look, I’m not trying to give you a hard time. I just want you to
face reality. In the long run, dreaming and hoping for things that just can&#39;t be
will only make it harder on you --
Luis: Yeah, well, miracles change reality and they make things happen.
Sam: Who sent you the rose, anyway?
Luis: It was with a bunch of sympathy cards that Ryan gave me.
Sam: Ryan?
Ryan: Yeah, chief.
Sam: Did you see who brought in this flower?
Ryan: Well, it&#39;s the first I’ve seen it. I don&#39;t have any idea how it got
here.
Luis: Look, would everyone stop being so damn logical? Just throw logic out
the window. Sam, I’m telling you this rose is a sign. Sheridan is coming back to
me. She&#39;s thinking about me. She&#39;s thinking about me right now.

Ethan: It&#39;ll be like the old days when young lawyers used to hang out their
shingles. &quot;Ethan Winthrop, Attorney-at-Law.&quot;
Chad: Ah, &quot;Ethan Winthrop, Attorney-at-Law.&quot; That sounds great, dude.
Beth: Um, Ethan, look, I don&#39;t want to be negative, ok, but I know something
about starting a business. You need capital.
Chad: Yeah -- big bucks, man.
Beth: I mean, when I opened the cafe, I had to get backing from the Cranes,
and that&#39;s why they were able to take it away from me when I got behind on my
debts. Now they own it.
Ethan: Yeah, well, I don&#39;t really think I need to worry about them giving me
a dime. And, honestly, I don&#39;t want them to. You know, I don&#39;t want to be
beholden to the Cranes for anything.
Chad: Damn right.
Ethan: I want Theresa and I to do this together, with the help of our friends
and family.
Chad: Hey, well, count this friend in.
Beth: Yeah, me, too. Anything that we can do, we want to help you and
Theresa.
Ethan: I think I’ll take you up on that, Beth. Is there anyone you could put
me in touch with who sells second-hand law books? I mean, I know I don&#39;t have my
law office ready yet, but I want to start getting a law library together.
Beth: Boy, did you get the right number. I have got stacks and stacks of old
law books in the basement.
Ethan: Oh.
Beth: A friend of mine asked me to sell them, and I just never had room to
bring them up here.
Ethan: Well, how much for all of them?
Beth: Um -- I don&#39;t know. We&#39;ll work out something. Just take them and you
can pay me a little each month, ok?
Ethan: This is fantastic. Everything is falling into place. You know, Theresa
would say this is fate.
Chad: And maybe she&#39;d be right.
Ethan: Well, as far as I’m concerned, she&#39;s right about everything.
Beth: Sounds like you guys have a wonderful relationship.
Ethan: Yeah, it&#39;s perfect. We love each other. We&#39;re best friends. We tell
each other everything. We have no secrets.

Whitney: This has got to be the craziest idea you have ever had, Theresa. No,
no, no. No, wait. The craziest idea was thinking that you could go down to
Bermuda and try to convince Julian to take Ethan back into the family. No! No,
you know what? I’m wrong again. The absolute craziest idea was drinking
champagne with Julian, giving him an opportunity to seduce you.
Theresa: Whitney, don&#39;t worry. When I ask Julian for the money, I will be
stone cold sober. I will simply ask him for the money that I am entitled to as
his wife.
Whitney: Oh. And what if he tells you to simply just get lost?
Theresa: He won&#39;t. Whitney, he can’t. I did him a favor by not telling Ethan
and Luis that we were married. See, they would&#39;ve killed him, but I kept quiet.
And for that, he owes me.
Whitney: Oh. Dream on, Theresa.
Theresa: Whitney, it&#39;s only fair!
Whitney: Since when have the Cranes ever played fair?
Theresa: Look, this is no big deal. I won&#39;t have to spend a lot of time with
Julian. I’ll tell him what I need, I’ll take the money, and I’ll leave.
Whitney: Leave where, Theresa? Where are you exactly planning on meeting
Julian?
Theresa: The mansion. Where else?

Gwen: Mother, no!
[Gunshot]
Julian: What on earth -- Rebecca!
Rebecca: Julian. I was just thinking about you.
Julian: Were you, my love?
Rebecca: Yes. I was just thinking that if you don&#39;t marry me soon, oh, I’m
going to be so unhappy. And when I’m unhappy, I -- I take drastic measures.
Julian: We -- we&#39;ve already been through this, my pet. We -- we can&#39;t get
married until I -- I straighten this divorce out.
Pilar: And that annulment comes through.
Rebecca: I know that something is going on behind the scenes, Julian, and it
has to do with you allowing Ivy to stay here and Pilar being so angry with you
that she actually attacked you. So I know something is going on. I just want to
know what it is.
Julian: Oh, no, Becky. It&#39;s nothing.
Rebecca: Don&#39;t lie to me, Julian.
Julian: I’m -- I’m not. There&#39;s nothing going on. It&#39;s just your imagination.
Rebecca: Julian, I can sense it and I can smell it. And if you don&#39;t want to
tell me what it is, I know an excellent way to force a confession out of you.

Sam: Luis, I know you&#39;re going through a hard time, but I have to remind you
what you told me. Sheridan&#39;s dental records as well as her fingerprints were
compared with the ones from the body found at sea. They were a match. It was
conclusive. That was Sheridan&#39;s body. That&#39;s why you had her cremated. Dead
people don&#39;t send flowers.
Luis: All right, Sam. If you want to talk logic, let&#39;s talk logic. Maybe they
sent the wrong dental records and the wrong fingerprints.
Sam: Luis, you don&#39;t really believe --
Luis: Sam, crazier things have happened. Maybe they cremated the wrong body.
Sam: Luis --
Luis: Look, all I know is that Sheridan is alive. She&#39;s out there somewhere,
and I’m going to find her.

Sheridan: I can only remember a piece of the dream.
Brian: So, was this rosebush in your dream?
Sheridan: No, that&#39;s just it. There was no flower, no bush, nothing like that
at all. But for some reason, seeing this rosebush brought it back.
Brian: Brought what back?
Sheridan: A car crash. I remember crashing into a police car, seeing an
officer.
Brian: So, who was the officer?
Sheridan: I don&#39;t know.
Brian: Did he arrest you?
Sheridan: I can&#39;t remember any of the details. I -- I don&#39;t even know who the
officer was. I couldn&#39;t see his face.
Brian: So what you&#39;re saying is that this rosebush brought back the memory of
a car crash?
Sheridan: I know it sounds crazy.
Brian: Maybe -- maybe you brought the officer roses after you crashed into
his car, you know, to apologize.
Sheridan: I don&#39;t know. I feel like I am so close to remembering, yet so far.

Julian: Rebecca.
Gwen: Mother?
Harper: We don&#39;t want any accidents.
Rebecca: Oh, and this particular accident would be messy. Very messy.
Gwen: Put the gun down.
Rebecca: Oh, not until I get the truth out of big Julian here. You see, he&#39;s
been acting very strange, and not just here, but in Bermuda.
Julian: I -- what on earth are you talking about?
Rebecca: Theresa -- those little whispering sessions.
Julian: Theresa? Oh! She was distraught over Sheridan&#39;s death, and I was
merely trying to comfort her.
Rebecca: And now you&#39;re merely lying, trying to weasel out of marrying me.
Julian: Oh, you couldn&#39;t be more wrong, my pet. I love you. I want to spend
the rest of my life with you. In fact, Harper here has been working day and
night on the divorce. Isn&#39;t that right, Harper?
Harper: I’ve been working very hard trying to clear Julian from all of his
obligations.
Julian: Yes, and once that happens, then you and I will wed.
Rebecca: You swear it?
Julian: Oh, yes, I do. You have my solemn word. Oh. Come here. That&#39;s a good
girl. Violence isn&#39;t the answer to anything.
[Rebecca chuckles]
Rebecca: Funny -- you didn&#39;t mind violence when you had Sheridan killed.
Julian: Just keep your voice down.
Rebecca: Julian, either you are going to marry me or I’m going to tell
everyone that you ordered the murder of your sister. And by the way, I’d stay
away from Theresa if I were you. Otherwise, my suspicions will grow.
Julian: Oh –

Theresa: I have to do this. Ok? There&#39;s no other way.
Whitney: Nothing I’m going to say is even going to matter. You know, you&#39;re
going to do whatever you want to do. But I think if you go to that mansion, you
are completely nuts.
Theresa: Whitney, nothing will happen.
Whitney: What if Rebecca Hotchkiss is there? What if she sees you?
Theresa: And what if she does?
Whitney: Do you remember Bermuda, how suspicious she was whenever she saw you
and Julian talking? If you go there to see Julian, she&#39;s going to know that
something&#39;s up.
Theresa: Look, she&#39;s not going to see me, ok? I know the mansion inside and
out from when I was working there. I’ll sneak in. Julian will be working in the
library. I’ll get the money from him and be out of there before anyone knows it.
Whitney: It&#39;s a piece of cake, right?
Theresa: If Ethan asks where I went, will you just tell him I went shopping?
And that&#39;s not a lie, Whitney. I’m shopping for money.
Whitney: You are making the biggest mistake of your life!
Ethan: Whitney. What&#39;s going on?

Brian: Don&#39;t push it, Diana. Remember what Doc said -- forcing the issue will
only make it worse. Your memory will come back when it&#39;s supposed to come back.
Sheridan: But what if it doesn&#39;t? What if I never remember who I am?
Brian: Then that would be rough, but it wouldn&#39;t be the end of the world.
You&#39;ll build a new life. I’ll help you. We&#39;ll all help you. And who knows? Maybe
it&#39;ll be better than the last one.
Sheridan: But I want to remember my life. I want to remember who I am.
Brian: Why don&#39;t you come inside? I’ll make you some tea. It&#39;ll relax you.
Sheridan: Why are you being so nice to me? You know, what if this memory or
dream or whatever it is real? I mean, what if I really did something horrible
and crashed into a police car? What if the officer comes looking for me?
Brian: Will I give you up? Is that what you&#39;re asking? I don&#39;t think that you
did anything horrible, Diana. There&#39;s no way. Uh-uh. So if some cop comes
looking for you, I’m not going to give you up. You&#39;re safe with me. Now, come
on. It&#39;s tea time.

Luis: You think I’m crazy, don&#39;t you?
Sam: Let&#39;s just say you&#39;re not acting like yourself. The Luis I know is very
logical, doesn&#39;t let his emotions interfere with his judgment.
Luis: And you&#39;re right. If I was in your shoes, I would say, &quot;hey, you know
what? This guy is losing it.&quot; But I’m not. I’m going to prove to you that
Sheridan&#39;s alive. I’m going to find her.
Sam: Who are you calling?
Luis: Reserve army captain down in Bermuda. Bermuda police. Captain? This is
Officer. Lopez Fitzgerald. Do you remember me?
Man: Of course. You&#39;re the man whose fiancée died in the hurricane. How are
you?
Luis: I’m fine. Look, I’ll get right to the point. I need you to re-open the
search for Sheridan Crane.
Man: What on earth are you talking about? You identified her body, had her
cremated. How could she possibly be alive?
Luis: Well, we made a mistake. We identified the wrong body. We cremated the
wrong woman. Listen, I need you to re-open the search. I need you to check all
the outlying islands -- the hospitals, the doctors --
Man: I assume you have some hard evidence that Sheridan Crane is still alive?
Luis: Yes, a flower.
Man: A flower?
Luis: You wouldn&#39;t understand.
Man: You&#39;re right. I wouldn&#39;t. Look, on the basis of what you just told me,
re-opening the search is pretty much out of the question.
Luis: You listen to me. I need your help.

Ethan: Well, Whitney, when we came in, you were shouting something about
Theresa making a mistake? What&#39;s going on? Where&#39;d she go?
Whitney: She went shopping. I was hoping she wouldn&#39;t make a big mistake and
buy this pair of shoes that she&#39;s been wanting. I mean, they&#39;re way too dressy.
You know Theresa. She&#39;d probably end up wearing them once and throwing them out.
So, what&#39;s all this stuff?
Ethan: Oh, law books Beth had stashed away in the basement of the book cafe.
And we&#39;ve got a ton more in the car.
Whitney: For the law office you want to open. That&#39;s so great.
Ethan: Yeah. I can&#39;t tell you how excited I am. You know, just thinking about
working with Theresa someday, starting out our lives from scratch. You know,
when the Cranes threw me out of the family, I had no idea how I was going to get
on in the world. With Theresa&#39;s love, there&#39;s nothing we can&#39;t do together. And
it just feels good. It feels right to be starting out on our own without the
Crane money.

Julian: Of course I’ll stay away from Theresa. That goes without saying. In
fact, if you ever see me with her again, you have my permission to shoot me.
Now, if you&#39;ll excuse me, I have to go to the library. I have a few details to
take care of so that we can get married as soon as possible.
Rebecca: I have my own details to take care of. Pilar, I need a houseman.
Where&#39;s Waldo?
Pilar: Probably bringing in another trunk.
Julian: Trunk? What trunk?
Pilar: Waldo, take that trunk upstairs to Mr. Crane&#39;s bedroom along with the
others.
Julian: Why should he take that to my bedroom? That isn&#39;t my trunk.
Rebecca: It&#39;s mine.
Julian: Don&#39;t tell me you&#39;re moving in?
Rebecca: Well, I am going to be the next Mrs. Julian Crane, aren&#39;t I?
Julian: Oh, yes. Yes, well, I just thought it might be better if you waited
until Ivy moved out.
Rebecca: Well, Julian, this is my turf now, and I intend to defend it.

Sam: Captain, this is Sam Bennett, chief of police here in Harmony. I know
what you must be thinking, and I have to admit I find his request a little
strange myself. But as a personal favor to Harmony P.D., Could you do it anyway?
I mean, chances are slim to none you&#39;ll come up with anything, but Luis is a
great cop and an even better man, and I think we owe him that slim chance.
Man: Fax me the picture. I’ll send it out.
Sam: Thanks, captain. I owe you one. Fax the picture.
Luis: Thank you, Sam.

Liz: Diana had a memory about crashing into a police car?
Brian: Yeah, she says she doesn&#39;t know who the cop was or why she crashed, so
it could just be part of a dream.
Liz: Yeah, but what does that have to do with the rose?
[Sheridan gasps]
Sheridan: I don&#39;t know. But whatever the connection, the crash itself seems
to have been important, as if it were a major event in my life.
Liz: But you have no idea who the policeman was?
Sheridan: No.
Liz: Could you excuse us for a minute? You realize that this memory could be
the one that unlocks her past.
Brian: Well, if it makes Diana happy to get her memory back, I’m all for it,
Liz.
Liz: And if the policeman she crashed into is a man that she&#39;s in love with?
Brian: Well, I’ll just have to cross that bridge when I come to it, won&#39;t I?

Ethan: Listen to me. I’m carrying on like I’m going to open up the law office
right away. I need to get a job first so we can, you know, have money to install
computers and telephones, buy some desks.
Chad: It takes a lot of planning, dude.
Ethan: Well, Theresa is going to get a job, too, and once we get enough money
to get all the things we need -- you know, Pilar&#39;s going to let us use the
living room as an office. That&#39;s going to save us a ton in rent. God, you know,
Theresa and I are going to work great together because we just -- we balance
each other out. I need more loosening up, and she needs a little reining in.
Whitney: You&#39;re so right, Ethan.
[Phone rings]
Whitney: You know, I really should get going. I’ll see you later.
Ethan: Yeah.
Whitney: Ok.
Chad: Ah, yeah, me, too, man. I got to get back to work, so --
Ethan: I’ll see you guys later.
Chad: All right.
Ethan: Hello? Oh, hey, Helga. Yes, tell my mother I’m on my way.
Chad: Look, I couldn&#39;t help noticing that you were as nervous in there as you
were the whole time we were in Bermuda. It&#39;s that secret of Theresa&#39;s you&#39;ve
been keeping, am I right?
Whitney: Chad, it&#39;s not even just that secret. I mean, Theresa is up to her
eyeballs in secrets. Come on.

Rebecca: Oh, you should be sacked for the way you banged my trunks around.
Gwen: Oh, mother.

Pilar: If you do not get this marriage annulled, I will tell Rebecca
everything. And I will shout for joy when she shoots you dead.
Harper: You&#39;ve made a fine mess of everything, Julian.
Julian: There&#39;s no need to remind me.
Harper: It&#39;s bad enough you arranged the killing of your sister. Now you have
Ivy upstairs in a wheelchair, contesting the divorce.
Julian: And let&#39;s not forget --
Harper: Rebecca moving in, threatening to turn your head into a clay pigeon.
And let&#39;s not forget the other people that would love to see you dead -- Pilar,
Luis, Ethan, Eve. If Alistair finds out about this, he&#39;ll kill you, too. Hell,
if you had a dog, he&#39;d bite you.
Julian: Just get the annulment ASAP.
Harper: The papers are being faxed over even as we speak. And stay away from
Theresa. Pilar will murder you if you get within three feet of the girl.
Julian: And Rebecca will burn my corpse. I tell you, the only safe place in
this entire house is the library. Get to work.

Luis: You really went out on a limb for me, Sam, and I appreciate that.
Sam: You have to accept that the odds of finding her may be one in a million.
Luis: Look, I don&#39;t care what the odds are. This flower is going to bring her
back to me.

Brian: Whoa, wait a minute. Where are you going? You haven&#39;t had your tea
yet.
Sheridan: I’m going to go take another look at the roses. Would you mind if I
snipped one off the bush?
Liz: Snip them all. Roses grow wild around here.
Sheridan: Thank you. Maybe if I carry one with me, it&#39;ll help trigger my
memory.
[Phone rings]
Liz: Hello?
Man: This is police headquarters calling to tell you we&#39;ll be sending out an
emergency fax to all the islands.
Liz: Sounds important.
Man: Yes, you&#39;ll receive it shortly.

Whitney: You know, I can&#39;t even believe the messes Theresa gets herself into.
Chad: You know what? It&#39;s probably better I don&#39;t know what&#39;s going on and
what she&#39;s up to because that way I won&#39;t be in a position to have to tell Ethan
anything.
Chad: Whitney, you&#39;re shaking.
Whitney: I’m all right.
Chad: Hey, look, I’m worried about you, all right? I mean, these secrets of
Theresa have got you acting like a nervous wreck.
Whitney: It&#39;s just that Theresa thinks that whatever she does, it&#39;s all going
to turn out ok. But it&#39;s really going to blow up in her face this time, Chad.
Chad: Well, whatever she&#39;s up to this time, I hope it doesn&#39;t involve Julian
Crane. Because the way Luis and Ethan were going to tear into that dude when
they thought that he&#39;d hurt her -- all I’m saying is there&#39;s no telling what
they&#39;d do if they caught him with her.

Rebecca: Waldo, bring my bags in from the car, please.
Waldo: Yes, ma&#39;am.
[Door opens and closes]
Gwen: Ethan.
Ethan: Oh. Hello, Gwen.
Gwen: Listen, I’m so sorry about what happened last night -- about our
mothers fighting.
Rebecca: Oh, it was all Ivy&#39;s fault, I mean, what with her contesting the
divorce and insisting on staying here.
Ethan: You know, this is still her home; Rebecca, and I’ll do everything in
my power to protect her.
Gwen: Is that why you&#39;re here? To talk to her?
Ethan: Yes, but I want to talk to Julian first. Is he here?
Rebecca: He&#39;s in the library.
Ethan: Thank you.

Julian: They&#39;re all out to kill me -- Pilar with poison, Rebecca with a
rifle. Eve wants to geld me. Ethan and Luis want to tear me to shreds. I’m going
to make a resolution. In order to stay alive, I will never see Theresa again.
Theresa: Mr. Crane.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 10/18/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 10/18/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
[Phone rings]
Grace: Hello?
Sam: Hey, honey, it’s me.
Grace: Oh, I’m so glad you called. I’m at the construction site.
Sam: Well, how’s it going?
Grace: Oh, it’s amazing. These guys are so wonderful. You'd think they were
putting up their own house, not ours. They've made so much progress, and it’s
going to be just beautiful.
Sam: I can’t wait for us to have our own place again.
Grace: Me, neither.
Are you going to go home?
Sam: As soon as I can. I miss you.
Grace: Oh, sweetie, I miss you, too. Is something wrong?
Sam: Luis is here. Every time I look at him, I think what he must feel like,
losing Sheridan.
Grace: I just can’t imagine.
Sam: He’s still in a state of denial. He’s convinced the Bermuda police to
post flyers of Sheridan’s picture all over the area, including the outback
islands with no police force of their own.
Grace: Oh, no.
Sam: Can’t say I blame him. How can you believe someone you love so much is
really gone forever?
Grace: I don’t know.
Sam: I’m just glad you've decided not to let David come between us.
Grace: Well, I don’t care if I’m legally married to David. My life is with
you and the family that we've built.
Sam: Well, that’s why I called -- to tell you how…
Man: Thank you.
David: You always did make the best lemonade.
Grace: What are you doing here, David?

Luis: So, you got my fax?
Man: I’m holding the missing persons flyer in my hand as we speak. I’ll make
sure it goes out to all the islands around here, but I wouldn’t hold out much
hope.
Luis: I’ll hold out hope. You just distribute Sheridan’s picture.
Man: Sure. Sure thing.
Luis: Thanks a lot. I really appreciate you doing this, Captain.

Sam: Did they get your fax?
Luis: Yeah. Now I just got to wait for the captain to distribute Sheridan’s
picture, and hopefully someone will recognize her. Sam, I know you think I’ve
lost it, but I can’t shake the feeling that somehow Sheridan survived the
explosion and the hurricane. She’s just out there. She’s out there. She’s
waiting for me to find her.
Sam: Because of some rose that mysteriously appeared on your desk?
Luis: Sam, it’s a sign. This rose is a sign from Sheridan, letting me know
she’s still alive.

Brian: Whoa, wait a minute. Where are you going? You haven’t had your tea
yet.
Sheridan: I’m going to go take another look at the roses. Would you mind if I
snipped one off the bush?
Liz: Oh, snip them all. Roses grow wild around here.
Sheridan: Maybe if I carry one with me, it'll help trigger my memory.
[Phone rings]
Liz: Hello?
Man: This is police headquarters, calling to tell you we'll be sending out an
emergency fax to all the islands.
Liz: Sounds important.
Man: Yes, you'll receive it shortly.
Liz: Aren’t you going to ask me who was on the phone just now?
Brian: Who was on the phone just now?
Liz: The Bermuda police. They want me to be on the lookout for some urgent
fax they're sending around to all the islands. Knew that infernal machine would
come in handy one day. Brian, if you keep staring at her like that, your
eyeballs are going to fall out of their sockets.
Brian: I’m sorry, Liz. Hey, Doc.
Liz: Hey, Doc. It’s ok, Brian. I’ve been there myself. And I know you're
hoping you can get Diana -- or whatever her real name is -- to fall for you. But
what if she’s involved with someone in her old life?
Brian: Well, I just have to hope that she likes me more.
Liz: Not that you aren’t one of the most charming rogues I’ve ever met, but
if she gets her memory back, she’s not going to stick around here. She’s going
to hightail it back to her own world as fast as her pretty little legs can take
her.
Doc: Even if she doesn’t get her memory back, the people who miss her will
come looking for her. The second they get wind she’s here, they'll snatch her
home so fast, your head'll spin.
Sheridan: What is it about these roses?
Sheridan: Where was this rosebush? Why is it so important to me?
Sheridan: Who gave me the rose? Was it a boyfriend? Am I married? Is it
someone that I love?

Ivy: Ethan! Ethan! Oh, good, you're here.
Ethan: Yes. I was going to see you after I spoke to Julian, let him know that
we are contesting this island divorce of his. And you're not going to lose the
house, nor anything else, without a substantial settlement or a fight.
Ivy: Thank you, darling. I knew I could count on you. Oh, don’t&nbsp;tell me
Rebecca’s gone back to Sunny Brook Farm?
Ethan: She and Gwen were here a minute ago. I guess they went upstairs.
Ivy: I must've missed them. I took the elevator. What? My vase. Oh, damn that
Rebecca!
Ethan: Mother, it’s just a vase. I’m sure it can be replaced. How are you
feeling?
Ivy: The truth?
Ethan: Absolutely.
Ivy: Well, I’ve felt better. Aside from the fact that my legs don’t work, I
didn’t sleep a wink last night.
Ethan: Well, we'll ask Dr. Russell to give you more pain pills.
Ivy: No, that wasn’t the problem, darling. I just was very worried.
Ethan: Is there anything I can do?
Ivy: You're the only one who can.
Ethan: Well, tell me what it is, Mother. I mean, I’ll give blood, a kidney,
whatever.
Ivy: It’s sweet of you to offer, dear, but there’s only one thing that’s
going to make me feel better. Please don’t marry Theresa.

Julian: Pilar with poison. Rebecca with a rifle. Eve wants to geld me. Ethan
and Luis want to tear me to shreds. I’m going to make a resolution. In order to
stay alive, I will never see Theresa again.
Theresa: Mr. Crane.
Julian: God -- what are you doing here? God forbid your mother or Ethan finds
us together. They'll kill me.
Theresa: I don’t want Ethan to find out we're married any more than you do.
Julian: Your mother just attacked me like a screaming banshee for robbing you
of your innocence. She doesn’t seem to care that we're legally man and wife.
Theresa: Well, that’s why I’m here -- because I am your wife and you're my
husband. And you're the only person who can give me what I want.
Julian: Oh, really?
Julian: Minor obstacles aside, I must say I don’t regret our Bermuda marriage
for one minute. Whatever I have is yours, my darling wife.
Theresa: I was hoping that you would say that.
Julian: Oh, music to my ears.
Theresa: What are you doing?
Pilar: What’s Theresa doing here? Oh, you pig! Get your hands off my
daughter.

Grace: David, why would you want to help build my new house?
David: Well, it seems a little illogical, I guess, but I -- I couldn’t think
of any other way to be close to you. Look, I know that you plan to put a formal
end to our marriage and continue life with Sam, but I just -- I just can’t
forget the life we had together.
Grace: No, David --
David: I’m not going to abduct you. I’m not going to take you away from here.
I just want to help in any way I can, even if it means this, even if it means
finishing this house.
Grace: Even though you know I’m going to spend the rest of my life here with
Sam?
David: I love you; Grace, and I’d do anything -- even this -- if it'll make
you happy.

Luis: I know it’s far-fetched, Sam.
Sam: Try next to impossible. You're an experienced cop, Luis.
Luis: Yeah, and I’ve been trained to look at the hard evidence, not let
emotions get in the way. But I keep thinking of something that you taught me
when I was a rookie. Now, Sam, you said that there were going to be times when
the facts didn’t add up and it felt like my back was up against a brick wall.
During those times, you said that you've got to go with your instinct -- and I
quote -- &quot;because your gut never lies.&quot; This is one of those times, Sam. I mean,
this rose and my instinct -- I’ve got the feeling that Sheridan’s still alive.
Now, that’s why I can’t give up hope. I’m going to find her.

Brian: She thinks that rosebush could be the key to her past somehow.
Doc: If she’s right and it triggers even one memory, my guess is her whole
life will come back to her in a rush.
Sheridan: It feels like I was happy, but who was I with? Is there someone out
there who loves me?

Ethan: I told you last night that nothing’s changed. I love Theresa, and I’m
going to marry her.
Ivy: Ethan, how can you forget that Theresa lied to you about your father? I
mean, she knew for ages that you weren’t a Crane, and yet she let you find out
in the cruelest possible way.
Ethan: You know, Mother, you seem to forget that you knew I was Sam Bennett’s
son a lot longer than Theresa did, and somehow you justified not telling me.
Should I just hold that against you forever, too?
Ivy: If that’s what it takes, then so be it.
Ethan: I can’t believe I’m hearing this.
Ivy: Well, you are. I would rather lose you myself than see you make the
biggest mistake of your life by committing to the wrong girl. Ethan, if Theresa
can lie to you once, then she can do it again. I mean, who knows what secrets
she’s keeping from you even now?

Pilar: You animal! I warned you to keep your filthy hands off my daughter!
Theresa: Mom, please! It wasn’t Julian’s fault!
Pilar: You are little more than a child. He’s a grown man! Of course it’s his
fault! I warned you. And you do not learn, do you? I told you to keep away from
my daughter! Those scratches on your face -- obviously they weren’t enough to
convince you that I was serious. You deserve to die for what you've done --
Theresa: No, mama --
Pilar: Theresa, please! You did not want to tell Ethan and Luis what this pig
had done to you because you were afraid that they would go to jail for killing
him. Well, I will go to jail for your murder instead. I will be glad to spend
the rest of my life in jail knowing that you are dead!
Theresa: Mama!

Sheridan: I saw his face. Who is he?
Brian: Are you ok, Diana?
Sheridan: I’m more than ok. I just remembered something -- actually I should
say someone.
Brian: Well, that’s great. Who is it?
Sheridan: A man. He must have been a boyfriend or husband. But someone loves
me, and I can now remember what he looks like.
______________________________ ______________________________ _______________
Luis: Now, if you were in the same situation with Grace, would you stop
looking for her?
Sam: This is not a missing persons case, Luis. The body was formally
identified as Sheridan’s.
Luis: But what if your gut told you that she was still alive? Huh? What would
you do then?
Sam: Probably the same thing you are.
Luis: I knew it. Sam, you don’t give up on the love of your life, not once
you've finally found them. I mean, you can’t. They're a part of you. They're the
other half of your heart and soul. I should probably stop there, or you're never
going to make me detective.
Sam: Go ahead. You might as well get it all out.
Luis: I’ve been having these dreams about me and Sheridan -- vivid dreams
that take place during different times in history. Last night I dreamt that we
were alive during the revolutionary war. My name was Luke and hers was Sara, but
it was definitely me and Sheridan. You know, it’s like proof that we were always
together. Maybe we were always together. And I figured if we could survive the
course of time, then we could survive this, too. That’s why I’m not giving up
hope. I’m going to find her.

Ethan: Mother, you are entitled to your own opinion, but I am a grown man now
and I can marry whomever I choose.
Ivy: But, Ethan, you can’t trust Theresa.
Ethan: Yes, I can, and I do. Look, I have discussed with Theresa the secret
she kept from me about my paternity, and she said she would never do anything
like that again. I love her, and I have complete faith in her. You're just going
to have to accept that.
Ivy: Ethan, she may have had the best intentions in the world, but if she
could lie to you about something so important once, she can do it again. Look at
Julian. I mean, the man started out as a snake, a cheat, and a liar, and he'll
always be --
Ethan: Don’t even use their names in the same sentence. If there’s one thing
I know for sure, it’s that Theresa and Julian have nothing in common.

Pilar: Where’s the gun you keep locked in your desk, Julian?
Theresa: No, no -- Mama! Julian misunderstood why I came here today. He
thought that I’d come around to the idea of being his wife. But I only came here
to ask him for a loan for Ethan, to help him start up his own law practice.
Pilar: What?
Julian: You did? Oh, that’s right! Yes, she -- she did.
Pilar: Why on earth would you ask this man for anything Theresa?
Theresa: Mama, he has heaps of money. And, like it or not, I am married to
him. And I thought that he could help me help Ethan. After all, he did think of
Ethan as his first-born son after all these years.
Julian: Exactly so. And I’m going to write the check as we speak. Theresa --
there you are, my dear.
Pilar: It’s an empty gesture. Money to you is only a way to manipulate
people. You don’t care about Ivy or Ethan or Theresa, a young girl you took as
your -- as your -- I can’t even say the word, it makes me so ill!
Julian: Well, then I believe I have good news for you. I think my lawyer has
just faxed the annulment papers. I don’t think I shall be Theresa’s husband for
that much longer.
Pilar: Good.
Julian: Voila.
Theresa: Where? Where do I sign?
Julian: Right there.
Theresa: You see, Mama? Once Julian files these annulment papers, it'll be
like our marriage never existed.
Pilar: If only that were true, my child. But no piece of paper will ever
erase what this pig did to you! No piece of paper will ever give you back your
innocence! He has defiled you forever! Ah!
[Theresa screams]
Pilar: The only way I will ever sleep again is with you dead!

Liz: Well, look who’s smiling. What’s going on, guys?
Sheridan: I’ve started to remember my life. I’m almost positive that I have a
boyfriend or a husband somewhere. I can even picture his face!
Liz: Oh. Good for you. Doc here thinks that once you start remembering
details, then the rest of your past will come back in a torrent.
Doc: This is a good sign, a very good sign. At least we know you don’t have
full-blown amnesia.
Sheridan: Well, if I keep this up, then I might get my memory back and be
home by tomorrow! Wouldn’t that be wonderful?
Brian: Yeah, terrific.
Sheridan: You two looked like you were waiting for something important when
we came in.
Liz: Oh, I am. The Bermuda police called me to be on the lookout for an
urgent fax that they're sending around to all the islands. They didn’t say what
it was about, but I got the feeling it was kind of important.
Sheridan: Maybe it’s about me. Maybe the man I love is trying to find me.

Sam: I know what it’s like to love someone with my whole being. But let me
tell you something -- the human spirit is incredibly resilient.
Luis: Now, what’s that supposed to mean?
Sam: Well, when I was younger and in love with Ivy, I thought she was the
only woman I’d ever have such deep feelings for. And when I lost her, I wanted
to curl up and die because I thought my life was over. Then I met Grace, and you
know how I feel about her. Look, Luis, I know it seems impossible, but I am
living proof that you can love again.
Luis: Well, I can’t imagine being with anyone but Sheridan. Wait a minute.
You told me that you never get over your first love, and I always assumed that
that was Grace, but now I know that it’s Ivy. Maybe you care more about Ivy than
you want to admit.

Grace: Thank you, David.
David: Anything I can do to help. I mean it, you know.
Grace: Well, I’m beginning to believe you. As long as you know where I’m
coming from.
David: Yeah. You made it perfectly clear. You intend to stay with Sam and
your kids. I understand.
Grace: I just wish you'd accept it. You know, it’s not too late for you to
move on with your life, find somebody new.
David: If I was going to move on with my life, I would've done it years ago
when you first disappeared. I didn’t because I loved and I missed the life we
had together. I haven’t changed, Grace. But I’m starting to realize that you
have.
Grace: And how’s that?
David: Just that the Grace I knew would've never accepted a lie from someone
who was supposed to love her, and yet you seem almost sanguine about Sam’s
deception with Ivy.
Grace: You know, David, I told you that Sam and I have discussed this --
David: Let me just finish because I don’t get that at all. How can you
honestly tell me that you wake up every morning next to Sam and will for the
rest of your life and believe a word that he says after he lied to you about
something as important as his first love?

[Noise]
Ivy: What was that?
Ethan: I don’t know. It sounded like it came from the library.
Pilar: You are lower than a junkyard dog!
Julian: This from a household domestic?
Ethan: I’d better go see what’s going on.
Ivy: Not without me you're not.
Pilar: You're a pig, and you deserve to die for what you've done. I will kill
you, Julian. I will kill you!
Ethan: Pilar!
Pilar: Ethan.
Ethan: What’s going on here? Why are you trying to kill Julian? Theresa, what
are you doing here? Look, something’s going on here, and I want to know what it
is.
Singer: You are my passion for life.

Luis: All I’m saying is that Ivy just became available again. Now, isn’t
there a small part of you that thinks about being with Ivy instead of Grace?
Sam: No. Grace is my life.
Luis: Sorry. It’s none of my business. I was --
Sam: No, Luis, you have a right to ask. But I know how I feel. I don’t want
to be with Ivy. I love Grace.
Singer: Shall I compare thee to a summer’s day thou art more lovely and more
temperate rough winds do shake the darling buds of May and summer’s lease hath
all too short a date sometime too hot the eye of heaven shines and often is his
gold complexion dimm'd and every fair from fair sometime declines by chance or
nature’s changing course untrimm'd. But thy eternal summer shall not fade nor lose possession of that
fair thou ow’st nor shall death brag thou wander’st in his shade when in eternal
lines to time thou grow’st so long as men can breathe or eyes can see so long
lives this and this gives life to thee
Luis: I heard about this Hastings guy.
Sam: Grace’s husband.
Luis: You mean former husband.
Sam: No, afraid not.
Luis: Then it’s true? They're still married?
Sam: It seems that way. I couldn’t believe it at first. I was so sure this
guy was a fraud. I ran a thorough check on him.
Luis: And he checked out?
Sam: Every last detail. You know, I would've staked my reputation that this
guy was nothing but a fake, but I was wrong. My gut was wrong, you know? You
can’t fight hard evidence.
Luis: Aren’t you a little worried?
Sam: How do you mean?
Luis: Well, I know Grace has amnesia, but what if her memory comes back and
she remembers being in love with this guy? And what if she realizes that David
is the real love of her life and not you?

Grace: Sam and I have worked through his not being honest about Ivy.
David: Yes, so you said.
Grace: But I don’t think you listened, David. It’s resolved. Sam’s learned
the hard way that he has to be honest with me about anything and everything.
And, besides, the relationship he had with Ivy was over years ago, long before
Sam and I ever met or fell in love. And to be perfectly honest with you, our
relationship has never been stronger than it is right now.
David: Whatever makes you happy, Grace.
Grace: David, I am happy.
David: One last question. You forgave Sam, right? I mean, you worked hard to
get past the lie he told you.
Grace: Yes. That’s what I wanted.
David: Are you sure? Did you forgive him because you loved him or because you
couldn’t stomach the thought that he might return to Ivy? Is it your love for
Sam or is it your jealousy of Ivy that’s been keeping this relationship going?

Ethan: Pilar, when I asked you why you attacked Julian at the hospital, you
told me it was because of the way he treated Mother when she was a patient
there. If all that’s true, then why are you still furious with him?
Ivy: Yes. I’d like to know what’s going on as well. Not that I don’t
appreciate your loyalty, Pilar. But my life is out of jeopardy and Ethan is
contesting the divorce, so why were you going after this worm with a letter
opener? Is your problem with Julian about me or is it about someone else?
Pilar: I’ve had enough of this. It’s time for the truth to come out. You
deserve to know why I’m so angry with Julian.
Theresa: Mama --
Pilar: Theresa, Ethan has a right to know.
Theresa: Then I should be the one to tell him.

Sheridan: Someone loves me. Maybe he’s looking for me and that’s what the fax
you're waiting for is about!
Liz: Oh, honey, I hate to burst your bubble, but we don’t have the first idea
what they're sending us in this fax.
Sheridan: How long ago did they call?
Liz: Just a few minutes is all.
Sheridan: And you're sure that the machine is working?
Liz: It was the last time I checked.
Doc: We all want you to find out who you are so you can get back to your
people, but it’s no good getting your hopes up without good cause.
Liz: You look like you've been punched in the gut.
Brian: Well, look at her, Liz. All she wants is to get away from here as fast
as she can.
Liz: You know, Brian, it has nothing to do with you. She is in love with
someone from her past life.
Brian: Yeah, and she doesn’t even know who he is, Liz.
Liz: And you don’t know who she is, either, but I don’t see it slowing you
down any.
Brian: I just wanted a little longer with her. That’s it.
Liz: Look -- it ain’t over till it’s over. And there’s no reason for us to
think that that fax coming in has anything to do with your Diana. Chances are
she’s going to be here for a long time.
Brian: Yeah, well, the problem is, is that she doesn’t want to be here. I --
I know if I’d have met her -- I know if I’d have met her before, Liz, I could've
made her love me more than anybody she’s ever met.

Luis: I shouldn’t have said that.
Sam: No. You have every right to ask. I mean, for all any of us know, David
could be the great love of Grace’s life.
Luis: All I meant was that Grace has amnesia and no one knows what her life
was like before she met you.
Sam: No. But I sure as hell know what her life has been like for the last 20
or so years. I believe in Grace and me and everything we've built together.
There’s no way this David Hastings is going to come between us, no matter what
they once shared together.

Grace: You know, David, I don’t have to work at keeping Sam away from Ivy. He
wants to be with me. And I want to be with him.
David: If you say so.
Grace: You know, I hate when you do that.
David: Maybe I should go back outside and keep working on your house.
Grace: You know, I wish you would consider moving on with your life.
David: Maybe I could.
Grace: Well, I think that would be best.
David: If you were willing to help prove something to myself and to you.
Grace: Anything.
David: I was hoping you were going to say that.

Theresa: The reason I came here today was to ask Julian for a loan.
Ethan: A loan? What for?
Theresa: To help you start up your law office, Ethan. It just -- it would
have taken so long if you and I had to wait to save up the money.
Ethan: But to ask Julian of all people?
Theresa: I know how you feel about him. But he raised you as his son, and I
figured that he still cared enough about you to want to help you out.
Ethan: It’s a sweet thought. But I will never take Crane money for anything
in this world. Don’t you realize any money from Julian and Alistair comes with
such long strings attached that, I mean, for the rest of our lives, we'll be
paying it off. And it’s going to take us a while, but I want this law practice
to be something that we work towards and build up together. What I still don’t
understand is why you were attacking Julian with a letter opener just because
Theresa was asking him for a loan.
Pilar: I started to think about everything else Julian had done, and I -- I
just lost it.
Ethan: Well, Julian, you're in luck because I don’t want your money any more
than you want to give it to me.
Julian: Ah --
Ethan: You can’t very well finance the law practice that’s going to be
fighting you over your divorce with my mother.
Julian: What’s that you say?
Ethan: I said that I’m going to make sure that the divorce with my --
Julian: You put those back.
Ivy: Oh, not until I see what you're so interested in.
Ethan: What’s going on?
Ivy: I’ll tell you in just a moment. Annulment papers?

Grace: Ok, David, so how can I help? What can I do that would make you
realize that you need to get on with your life?
Sam: Grace and I love each other. There’s no way this clown’s going to mess
with that.
Luis: Yeah, I’m sure you're right. You and Grace have a marriage that people
only dream about. Sheridan and I used to talk about how we wanted to be like
you.
Sam: I’m sorry.
Luis: Sam, I know it’s like a needle in a haystack, but I got the feeling
she’s still out there. I don’t believe that she is gone. If only -- no. All I
can do now is wait.

Man: One more hotel on the list. I don’t even know why I’m bothering, but I
promised that cop on the mainland. Here goes nothing.
[Fax machine rings]
Doc: Maybe that’s the emergency fax you were called about, Liz.
Liz: Could be.
Sheridan: What if I’m right? What if this fax is about me and I can finally
find out who I am and go home?
Doc: Easy now. It’s no good getting your hopes up over nothing, Diana.
Sheridan: I know you're right, but I just have a feeling that this fax is
about me. This could be the piece of the puzzle that I need to figure out who I
am.

Ivy: What are you doing with annulment papers, Julian?
Julian: I swear to God, Ivy, if you don’t give me those papers, you're going
to need more than a wheelchair.
Ivy: And what is Theresa’s signature doing here?
Ethan: That -- that can’t be. Are you sure, Mother?
Ivy: Hello. It’s her handwriting right there in black and white, isn’t it,
Ethan?
Ethan: Yes. But I don’t understand. What’s going on here, Theresa?
Ivy: Oh, my God.
Julian: That’s not what you think.
Ivy: Oh, my God.
Ethan: What? What? I don’t get it. What?
Ivy: No wonder. It’s too horrible for words.
Ethan: What, damn it? Look, why is Theresa’s signature on papers annulling a
marriage with Julian?
Ivy: Well, there’s only one reason I can think of, Ethan. They got married.
It must have happened in Bermuda, only it appears that one of them is having
second thoughts.
Ethan: Is this true? Are you married to the man I grew up believing was my
father?
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 10/19/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 10/19/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Simone: Wait a minute. You&#39;re telling me that your mother is married to
someone else and not your dad?
Kay: That&#39;s what I said.
Simone: But that&#39;s impossible.
Kay: I wish it were, but it&#39;s true. I guess she married this David Hastings
guy before she had amnesia. It was before she even met my dad.
Simone: And you believe that it&#39;s true?
Kay: I guess I have to, don&#39;t I? I mean, everybody else says it&#39;s true. And I
saw a marriage license, and the priest that married them in Hartford remembers
the ceremony.
Simone: Oh, my God. Your poor mother.
Kay: Simone, what about poor me? I mean, do you realize what this means for
me? It means that I&#39;m a bastard.
Simone: Kay, don&#39;t you -- don&#39;t say that!
Kay: Why not? It&#39;s true, isn&#39;t it? My whole life is ruined.
Simone: No, it&#39;s not. I&#39;m sure that your parents are going to straighten
everything out.
Kay: Simone, who says it can be straightened out? This whole thing just goes
to show you that it doesn&#39;t pay to be good.
Simone: What are you talking about?
Kay: I&#39;m saying you spend your whole life being good, right? Where does it
get you? Nowhere. Look at my parents. I mean, they&#39;ve been good their whole
lives. Where are they now? They&#39;re illegally married.
Simone: But they&#39;ll fix it, Kay. It -- I&#39;m sure that they&#39;ll work it out.
Kay: Simone, they&#39;re not even -- they&#39;re not the only people who have played
by the rules and lost, ok? Take Sheridan and Luis, for example. All right, they
fall in love, they try to do everything right, and then before they can get
married, and she dies. And Ethan and Theresa.
Simone: What about them?
Kay: How their wedding completely fell apart. Ok. Poor Mrs. Lopez Fitzgerald,
right? She&#39;s never done anything wrong in her whole life, ok? She loses her
husband and her oldest son, and then her other son, Luis, loses the woman that
he loves, and then her daughter Theresa’s wedding just completely falls apart!
Simone: Kay, Kay, just -- just calm down. All right? All those things have
nothing to do with whether you should be good or bad.
Kay: Yes, they do. Simone, this whole thing has taught me that if you want
something, you just have to reach out and take it.
Simone: I think that that&#39;s just an excuse for you to be bad.
Kay: It&#39;s not an excuse, Simone. It&#39;s how I feel. What about my dad? He&#39;s
never done anything wrong, and then this David guy just appears and tears our
whole family apart?
Simone: That is not true. I don&#39;t believe that. Ok, your parents love each
other way too much to let some guy come between them.
Kay: I wish I could believe you. Come on. Let&#39;s just go inside, ok?

Ivy: What are you doing with annulment papers, Julian?
Julian: Would you give -- I swear to God, if you don&#39;t give me those papers,
you&#39;re going to need more than a wheelchair.
Ivy: And what is Theresa’s signature doing here?
Ethan: What? That can&#39;t be. Are you sure, mother?
Ivy: Yes! Right here! That&#39;s her handwriting, isn&#39;t it?
Ethan: Well, yes. But I don&#39;t understand. Theresa, what&#39;s going on here?
Ivy: Oh, my God.
Julian: It&#39;s not what you think.
Ivy: Oh, my God!
Ethan: What? What? I don&#39;t -- I don&#39;t get it.
Ivy: No wonder. It&#39;s too horrible for words.
Ethan: What, damn it. Why is Theresa’s signature on papers annulling a
marriage with Julian?
Ivy: Well, there&#39;s only one reason I can think of, Ethan -- they got married.
It must have happened in Bermuda. Only it seems one of them has had second
thoughts.
Ethan: Is this true, Theresa? Are you married to the man I grew up believing
was my father?
Rebecca: I&#39;d like the answer to that myself. What the hell is going on here?

Luis: Hope to God this works, Sam. The captain in Bermuda said he would send
Sheridan’s picture to all the islands in the area.
Sam: I know you want to believe that Sheridan’s still alive.
Luis: I do believe it. But we cremated some other woman. Now, somebody
somewhere, maybe on one of those islands, has seen Sheridan.
Sam: Look, I just hope you&#39;re not setting yourself up to get hurt again.
Luis: Sam, this rose didn&#39;t just magically appear on my desk. This is our
flower, Sheridan’s and mine. It&#39;s a sign that she&#39;s still alive. Somehow she
sent it to me. It&#39;s a miracle. I can&#39;t give up hope. I&#39;ve got to keep looking
for her. She&#39;s out there somewhere. I know it.
Captain: One more hotel on the list. I don&#39;t even know why I&#39;m bothering. But
I promised that cop on the mainland. Here goes nothing.
[Fax machine beeps]
Doc: Maybe that&#39;s the emergency fax you were called about, Liz.
Liz: Could be.
Sheridan: What if I&#39;m right? What if this fax is about me and I can finally
find out who I am and go home?
Doc: Easy now. It&#39;s no good getting your hopes up over nothing, Diana.
Sheridan: I know you&#39;re right, but I just have a feeling that this fax is
about me. This could be the piece of the puzzle that I need to figure out who I
am.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life.

Luis: I mean, come on. How long does it take to send a fax?
Sam: Well, it might take a while to get to all those islands, Luis.
Luis: Yeah, I know.
Sam: You might not be very happy once you have the results.
Luis: I&#39;m not worried. I&#39;m not giving up hope that somebody somewhere has
seen Sheridan.
Sam: I understand. I guess I&#39;d feel the same way if it were grace.
Luis: Yeah, you would. Look, I&#39;m sorry about what I said earlier about David
maybe being grace&#39;s great love. I know that that&#39;s not true.
Sam: No, it isn&#39;t.
Luis: I know that you have a deep love for her and you have a solid marriage.
Sam: Yes, we do. The strength of our love has helped us overcome a lot of
adversity. I mean, if anything, it&#39;s only strengthened the bond between us.
David&#39;s going to do everything he can to come between grace and me, but he&#39;ll
never be able to break that bond. Our love is too strong.
Luis: Hmm. I believe that. The love that you and grace have is like the love
that Sheridan one day Sheridan told me that whenever I saw a rose like this that
I should know that she was thinking of me and our love. That&#39;s why this rose is
a sign. It&#39;s a sign that I’m not going to lose Sheridan.
Sam: I hope so.
Luis: Yeah.
Sam: Ahem -- Luis, don&#39;t take this the wrong way, but I think you should take
a leave of absence.
Luis: Leave? Why? Lot lately. You need a break.
Luis: Sam --
Sam: Look, Luis, being a cop is a high-pressure job. I don&#39;t want you making
mistakes and maybe getting yourself killed.
Luis: Come on. Is that what you think I’m going to do? I&#39;m going to crack up?
Sam: I think that, as your friend, not just as your boss, you need to rest.
Luis -- think about what I said, and we&#39;ll talk later.
Luis: Yeah, ok.
Luis: I know you&#39;re out there somewhere, Sheridan. And I&#39;m going to find you.
I promise.

Brian: What is it, Diana?
Liz: Is it about you?
Sheridan: No. It&#39;s just a cover sheet saying that a photograph is to follow
and requesting some information.
Doc: A photograph?
Sheridan: Maybe it&#39;s a picture of me.
[Fax machine beeps]
Sheridan: Liz, what&#39;s wrong?
Liz: I don&#39;t know. Let me see. Oh, it&#39;s out of paper. I can&#39;t remember the
last time I got a fax; it&#39;s been so long. I&#39;ll go get more paper.
Sheridan: This is so frustrating, having to wait.
Brian: Look, Diana, this fax -- it could be -- the photograph -- it could be
about anybody, you know?
Sheridan: Yeah, I just -- I&#39;m hoping that it&#39;s about me. I want to remember
who I am.
Doc: Well, you said you were starting to have some memories.
Sheridan: Yes, I keep having these flashes. I see a man.
Sheridan: I can tell that this man loves me and that I love him. That&#39;s why
I’m hoping that whatever this fax is about; it&#39;ll help me to remember his name
-- my name. I ju -st- I want to remember my life. I want to go back to my life.

Rebecca: Oh, my God. These are annulment papers. Julian, I demand an
explanation here.
Julian: I --
Ivy: Please. Why bother? We all know Julian is incapable of telling the
truth.
Ethan: Theresa, say something. What is this all about?
Rebecca: Yes, Theresa. I mean, here on the paper where it&#39;s typed &quot;Mrs.
Julian Crane,&quot; you have signed above it, &quot;Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald&quot;? I&#39;d like to
know why.
Ivy: I would like to know also.
Rebecca: I mean, as far as I know, I am the only one that is engaged to
Julian Crane, but this paper here talks about his marriage being annulled. What
marriage?
Ethan: Theresa, what is this about? You and Julian aren&#39;t married, are you?
No, you can&#39;t be. What am I saying? I -- I can&#39;t believe I’m asking you this
question.
Ivy: Don&#39;t be so quick to think yourself wrong, Ethan. She still hasn&#39;t
explained why she signed the annulment papers.
Rebecca: Oh, my God. It&#39;s true. Theresa and Julian have been acting so
strangely. I mean, down in Bermuda, they were always huddled together and
whispering, and then -- and then the justice of the peace. He was a nervous
wreck when I insisted that he marry us. That&#39;s because he knew that Julian was
already married to Theresa.
Ethan: No. It can&#39;t be.
Rebecca: Oh, my God. Will you stop at nothing? I mean, first you take Ethan
away from my Gwennie, and then you trick Julian into marrying you. My God,
you&#39;ll do anything to get your paws on the Crane fortune, you little slut!
Pilar: How dare you speak to my daughter that way!
Rebecca: I&#39;ll speak to your family any way I damn well please because you are
nothing but a bunch of gold diggers! I mean, first Theresa is after Ethan. Then
your son is after Sheridan. And what -- and now this! Well, who do you have your
eye on, Pilar -- Alistair?
Pilar: Oh, why, you little --
Ethan: No, Pilar, don&#39;t.
Pilar: I won&#39;t let her slander my family that way!
Ethan: Look, let&#39;s all just calm down, all right? I&#39;m sure there is a -- a
logical explanation to all this. Just stay quiet. I&#39;m sure Theresa will tell us
what it is.
Ivy: Oh, yes. Theresa&#39;s so good at explanations. What possible explanation
could you have for this, Theresa?

Simone: Kay, wait.
Kay: What?
Simone: I don&#39;t want you to use this thing that&#39;s going on between your
parents as an excuse to be bad. I mean, you can&#39;t just go after whatever you
want and not think about other people&#39;s feelings.
Kay: Who says I can&#39;t?
Simone: Kay, goodness does win out in the end, I promise you.
Kay: Oh, and it&#39;s been a really big help to my parents, hasn&#39;t it? Simone, if
you could&#39;ve seen my dad&#39;s face, you&#39;d understand. He was -- he was so hurt. He
doesn&#39;t deserve this.
Simone: I&#39;m sure it&#39;s going to work out, Kay.
Kay: Well, I don&#39;t see how.
Simone: Your mom is -- I mean, she wouldn&#39;t just let some guy come between
her families. She&#39;s a good person, Kay. You should try to be more like her.

Sheridan: I feel as if I’m so close to remembering. You&#39;ve helped me so much.
I&#39;m so grateful to you.
Brian: No. I really haven&#39;t done anything.
Sheridan: Yes, you have. You&#39;ve shown me support and encouragement. You&#39;ve
made me believe that there are still people out there who love me that still
might be trying to find me.
Brian: I can&#39;t imagine anyone not loving you. I mean, if there a guy in your
life, I&#39;m sure he&#39;s still looking for you.
Sheridan: After these glimpses into my memory, I think you&#39;re right. I wonder
if he was my husband. Well, I&#39;m not wearing a wedding ring.
Brian: You could&#39;ve lost it in the storm.
Sheridan: I guess. Anyway, I can tell by the way I felt in these memories,
this man and I loved each other very much.
Brian: Well --
Sheridan: Brian, you&#39;ve been really quiet. Is something wrong?
Brian: No. No, nothing&#39;s wrong. I just hope things work out the way you want
them to.
Sheridan: I just have to keep on trying to remember. I want to know
everything about this man in my memories. If I could just piece it all together.
Hmm.

Beth: Hey. How you doing?
Luis: Hey, Beth. Have a seat.
Beth: Thanks. I was just thinking of you and wondered if you&#39;re doing ok.
Luis: Right now, I’m on top of the world.
Beth: You are?
Luis: Something amazing has happened. Look at this flower. It was Sheridan
and mine&#39;s special flower. She sent it to me.
Beth: What?
Luis: Sheridan sent it to me to let me know that she&#39;s alive.
Beth: Luis --
Luis: She&#39;s out there somewhere, and I’m going to find her. I swear-to-God --
it&#39;s a miracle.&quot; Sheridan&#39;s out there. She&#39;s alive.
Beth: Luis, no. It&#39;s a mistake. I&#39;ve made a terrible mistake. I am so sorry.
Luis: Sorry for what? What are you talking about?
Beth: Luis, I sent the rose.
Luis: You?
Beth: Yes. I once saw you buying roses like this for Sheridan, and I knew
that they were special to your relationship. I thought that I was doing
something nice for you, just to give you a special memory of Sheridan.
Luis: You left me this flower?
Beth: Yes. I never thought for a minute that you would think it was from
Sheridan.
Luis: Sheridan didn&#39;t give me the rose?
Beth: No. I&#39;m so sorry. I never meant to give you false hope. Please forgive
me.
Kay: Who the hell do you think you are? What do you think you&#39;re doing,
taking advantage of my mom like this?
David: Oh --
Grace: Kay --
Kay: How dare you try to force yourself on her like this!
Grace: Honey, it&#39;s not what you think.
Kay: Why don&#39;t you just get out! Why don&#39;t you just leave us alone!
Grace: Kay, just stop it. He didn&#39;t do anything, all right? He didn&#39;t take
advantage of me --
Kay: Mom, he was kissing you, ok?
Grace: I know it! It&#39;s all right. Kay, I let him kiss me.

Ethan: Theresa, all you have to do is tell us the truth.
Theresa: I wanted to borrow money to help Ethan start up his own law office.
And I knew how much it was going to cost. I mean have that kind of money. So I
figured that since Julian raised you as his son that he might be kind enough to
loan me the money. Here is the check that Julian gave me, and he wanted me to
sign a paper to make sure that I paid him back. And that&#39;s what I thought I was
signing when I signed the papers. I thought I was signing loan papers.
Ethan: There is your explanation, mother. Theresa, I know you had a good
reason, and I&#39;m sorry for the ugly accusations my mother and Rebecca made.
Theresa: Ethan, you don&#39;t have to be sorry.
Ethan: No --
Theresa: No, it was confusing.
Ethan: You&#39;re amazing and -- and you were just trying to do something
wonderful for me. But I told you -- I don&#39;t want Julian’s money.
Julian: You two satisfied? Coming in here, jumping to these ridiculous
conclusions.
Ivy: I&#39;m still confused, Julian. You thought you had divorced me, so why the
annulment papers?
Rebecca: That&#39;s a very good question. Why do you have annulment papers,
Julian?

Captain: Hmm. Picture of Sheridan didn&#39;t go through. I wonder why. I&#39;ll just
have to resend it.
Luis: No, of course Sheridan didn&#39;t send me the rose. I saw her cremated.
Miracles don&#39;t happen, do they?
Beth: Luis, I&#39;m so sorry.
[Luis sighs]
Luis: I guess I better call the captain, tell him forget about distributing
the flyer what&#39;s the point, right?
[Phone rings]
Captain: This is Captain James.
Luis: Hi, this is Ofc. Lopez Fitzgerald. You can just forget about
distributing Sheridan’s flyer.
Capt. James: Forget about it?
Luis: Yeah. You were right. She&#39;s gone. And I&#39;m sorry if I put you to any
trouble, but there&#39;s really no point in sending it out.
Capt. James: I see. But you&#39;re too late. I’ve already sent the flyer out. In
fact, I’m sending it out on the list. It&#39;s just started to transmit.
Luis: Well, you might as well just go ahead and cancel it because there&#39;s
really no point.
Capt. James: I think it&#39;s too late now.

Liz: Ok. The paper is in.
Sheridan: Do you think they&#39;ll try again and send a photograph?
[Fax machine rings]
Liz: Oh, there it is as we speak.
Sheridan: Great!
Liz: Brian, listen. I know you&#39;re hoping that this fax won&#39;t be about Diana.
Doc: None of us thinks it will be.
Liz: But if it is, you need to prepare yourself. Once she finds out who she
is, she&#39;s leaving.
Brian: I know.
Doc: You can&#39;t expect that she&#39;d stay here forever.
Liz: She has another life somewhere with people who love her.
Brian: Look, I said I know. I was just hoping.
Sheridan: Here it is. Oh, my God.
Singer: You are my passion for life.
Brian: What does it say, Diana?
Liz: Is it about you?
Sheridan: Nothing. The page is blank.
Liz: Let me see that.
Doc: Maybe some wires were crossed in the transmission.
Liz: No, it says the transmission was cancelled.
Brian: Canceled?
Sheridan: Why?
Liz: I don&#39;t know, but I&#39;ll call the island P.D. And find out what&#39;s going
on.
Brian: You&#39;re disappointed.
Sheridan: I just had this feeling that whatever that fax was about had
something to do with me. I -- I don&#39;t know why, but I just do.
Liz: I just spoke with the captain, and he said the fax was a mistake and
that&#39;s why he canceled the transmission. I&#39;m sorry, Diana, but there is nothing
to see.

Luis: I don&#39;t know what I was thinking, sending that out. I saw the proof
that Sheridan was dead. I just didn&#39;t want to accept it.
Beth: I could kick myself for being such an idiot. I&#39;m so sorry that I put
you through this.
Luis: It&#39;s not your fault. You had no idea I would react the way I did. I&#39;ve
just got to stop looking for signs and clinging to false hope. I got to accept
the fact that Sheridan’s dead.

Rebecca: Well, we&#39;re waiting, Julian. Why do you have annulment papers?
Ivy: Yes, we&#39;re all desperate to know the answer to that one.
Julian: Actually, Harper drew up those papers.
Ivy: Why would your attorney draw up annulment papers?
Julian: Well, he thought since you were contesting the divorce I got in
Bermuda that you might be persuaded to have our marriage annulled.
Ivy: An annulment to end our marriage? That&#39;s insane!
Ethan: Yeah, it&#39;s ridiculous.
Julian: That&#39;s what I told Harper, but he insisted on giving it a try.
Ethan: Mother is not going to be accepting any of your schemes -- no Bermuda
divorce, no annulment.
Julian: What are you saying, Ethan, that I&#39;m to be saddled with your mother
for the rest of my life?
Ethan: No, I would never wish that on mother. What I’m saying is there will
be a legitimate divorce here in Harmony. And mother will be receiving everything
she deserves in the settlement.
Rebecca: &quot;Everything she deserves&quot;? After what she did to poor Julian, what
she deserves is a good kick in the butt.
Ethan: Yes, well, we&#39;ll discuss this in court. As of now, this annulment is
null and void. You and mother were married for 20 years. You had four -- you had
three children. It&#39;s a little late for an annulment. I can&#39;t believe Harper
would make such a mistake.
Rebecca: Yeah, neither can I.
Julian: Well, father and I have been -- ahem -- working him very hard lately,
and perhaps he&#39;s cracking. What other reason could there be for his drawing up
those annulment papers?
Rebecca: That&#39;s what I&#39;d like to know.
Ivy: So would I.

Kay: Mom, you let him kiss you?
Grace: Yes, sweetheart --
Kay: How could you? How could you do this to Daddy? He loves you, Mom! He
trusts you! How could you betray him like this?
Grace: Kay, if you would just let me --
Kay: This is all your fault! You&#39;re trying to tear my family apart. You&#39;re
trying to take my mother away from us, you -- you bastard!
Grace: Kay, that is enough!
Kay: No, it&#39;s not, Mom! He is tearing us apart! He&#39;s destroying our family!
Can&#39;t you see that?
Grace: Kay, David has not done anything wrong. And I am not going to let you
speak to him like this.
Kay: You&#39;re -- you&#39;re defending him?
Grace: Kay, I know you&#39;re upset, all right? But this is not David’s fault.
Kay: Mom, yes, it is!
Sam: Hey, what's all the yelling about? What have you done now?

Brian: I&#39;m sorry, Diana. I know how disappointed you must be.
Liz: Don&#39;t worry. Things will work out. They always do when the time is
right.
Sheridan: I hope so.
Liz: So do I.
Brian: Well, cheers.
Sheridan: Cheers. I wish it could cheer me up.
Brian: Look on the bright side, Diana. You&#39;ve had some memories. Maybe the
rest will come back to you very soon.
Sheridan: It&#39;s just so frustrating to not remember who I am.
Brian: I know. Just be patient and keep trying to remember, ok?
Sheridan: You&#39;re right. I can&#39;t give up. I have to continue to believe that
there are people out there who love me, that are still trying to find me.
Brian: That&#39;s very possible.
Sheridan: I have to keep picturing that man&#39;s face. I just hope that it&#39;ll
trigger something.
Sheridan: No.
Brian: What is it? What did you remember?
Sheridan: I just had another flash about the man that I love. He was so
close, I could feel our love. He was the great love of my life.
Brian: Do you remember his name? Do you remember --
Sheridan: No, I wish I could. All I remember is this pain, this terrible
pain.
Brian: Pain? Pain from what, Diana?
Sheridan: I saw myself holding him. I was crying. I was grieving over him
because he&#39;s dead. The man that I love is dead.

Beth: I wish there was something I could do, Luis.
Luis: Thanks, anyway. It&#39;s just that nothing can take away this kind of
suffering. I miss her every minute of every day, wishing she was here.
Beth: I understand how you feel. I really do.
Luis: You know, this might sound strange. If one of us had to die, to be left
alone, I&#39;m glad it wasn&#39;t her. I saw her suffer like this once before. We were
trapped in this vault, running out of air. I was trying to get the oxygen pump
to bring in more air when something went wrong.
Sheridan: Luis!
Luis: I got a bad electric shot. I thought I&#39;d died. The grief was
overwhelming, and I knew I couldn&#39;t leave Sheridan alone with that kind of pain.
Somehow I fought to bring myself back.
Sheridan: My love. My sweet, sweet love. Luis -- you&#39;re not -- you came back
to me. Thank you, God.
Luis: Thank God I was able to come back. I couldn&#39;t bear the thought of
Sheridan living through the pain that I&#39;m living through now.

Sam: What the hell are you doing here, anyway? And what have you done to
upset my daughter like this?
David: Your daughter jumped to conclusions.
Kay: Daddy, make him leave. Put him in jail. Just don&#39;t ever let him come
back!
Grace: Kay, you have to calm down.
Sam: What have you done to her, David?
Grace: Sam, he hasn&#39;t done anything.
Kay: Mom, I can&#39;t believe you&#39;re going to defend him.
Grace: Kay --
Kay: Why are you doing this?
Grace: We will talk about this later.
Kay: No, we&#39;re going to talk about it now, Mom. I cannot believe that you are
standing up for this man when I came in here and I found you kissing him!
Grace: Kay --
Sam: What?
Kay: Daddy, I’m sorry, but it&#39;s true. They were kissing. I&#39;m sorry.
Sam: What&#39;s Kay talking about, Grace?
Kay: They were kissing, Daddy. Ask Simone. She saw it, too.
Sam: What the hell were you doing, David?
Grace: I think we should discuss this in private.
Sam: Kay, will you go upstairs?
Simone: Um -- I should be going. Kay, I’ll talk to you a little bit later,
ok?
Kay: Ok. Daddy, just --
Sam: Hey -- it&#39;s going to be all right.
Kay: No, it&#39;s not. It&#39;s not all right. It&#39;s not going to be all right, and
it&#39;s all his fault!
Sam: Now, you tell me what the hell you were doing.
Grace: Sam –

Ethan: I&#39;m sorry about the misunderstanding with the annulment papers. You
had no idea what you were signing.
Theresa: I was just trying to help get the money for the law office.
Ethan: Yeah, I know. I appreciate the gesture, but we&#39;re going to figure out
a way to get my law practice up and running on our own. We don&#39;t need Julian’s
money.
Theresa: No.
Ethan: And I don&#39;t want you to keep any more secrets from me, understand? If
you just would&#39;ve told me that you were going to Julian to ask for money, I
would&#39;ve stopped you and we could&#39;ve avoided all of this confusion.
Theresa: I&#39;m sorry.
Ethan: Secrets just cause trouble and heartache. If we&#39;re going to have a
successful marriage, we need to be completely open and honest with each other,
right?
Theresa: Right.
Ethan: Ok. Let&#39;s leave.
Theresa: Ok.
Ethan: See you later, Pilar.
Theresa: Bye, Mama.
Pilar: But you&#39;re still keeping secrets, Theresa, and I know that eventually
they&#39;ll come out.

Rebecca: I still think there was more going on there than what we heard.
Ivy: I think you&#39;re right.
Rebecca: And I was totally right about little Miss Theresa. I tried to warn
you about her, but you just wouldn&#39;t listen.
Ivy: Well, I wish I had now.
Rebecca: I picked up such a strange vibe between Theresa and Julian in
Bermuda. Something is going on there.
Ivy: I don&#39;t buy Julian’s explanation about the annulment papers for a
minute. He knows I would never have signed them. So does Harper.
Rebecca: I don&#39;t buy it, either. And I have this feeling that Theresa is
going to be nothing but trouble for me.
Ivy: Yes. I think she&#39;s going to be nothing but trouble for me, too.
Julian: Harper, I need a new set of annulment papers. They were destroyed, so
I need a new set for Theresa to sign right away. The vultures are circling. Just
get the papers ready, damn it!

Luis: I&#39;m sorry. I didn&#39;t mean to get all emotional.
Beth: No, I know how you feel. I understand what it is to lose someone that
you love.
Luis: You do? Oh, hey, I’m sorry. I&#39;m sorry. I never realized what you went
through when we broke up. You never let on.
Beth: I didn&#39;t want to make you feel bad. I know that you didn&#39;t
intentionally try to hurt me. Your reason for breaking it off was noble. I mean,
you felt like you had a responsibility to your family. I didn&#39;t want to make you
feel bad about that.
Luis: I&#39;m sorry.
Beth: Don&#39;t be. I don&#39;t hold a grudge. I just -- I want us to be able to be
honest with each other, you know, and just talk about it.
Luis: Can I ask you something?
Beth: Of course.
Luis: You think you ever get over losing the person you love?
Beth: No. I don&#39;t think so.
Luis: That&#39;s what I told Sam, too. I don&#39;t think you do. Never.

Sheridan: The man in my life -- the man that I love is dead. He&#39;s gone.
Brian: Are you sure?
Sheridan: I was crying. I was grieving as though my heart would break. I&#39;ve
lost him. He&#39;s gone. That&#39;s why he hasn&#39;t found me. That&#39;s why no one will ever
find me because there isn&#39;t anyone. I have no one.
Brian: Yes, you do, Diana. You have me. You have me.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 10/22/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 10/22/01






Proofread by Anita
Julian: You heard me, Harper. I need a new set of annulment papers for
Theresa to sign. Ethan tore up the last one, but not before Ivy and Rebecca saw
Theresa’s signature.
Harper: And you're still in one piece?
Julian: Barely. Fortunately, my luscious little wife lied her way out of the
corner we were in. Oh, she was amazing to watch; you should've seen her -- in
more ways than one. She handled herself like a true Crane. Pity she can't remain
one.
Harper: Don't go there, Julian. You'll get into more trouble than you already
are.
Julian: Theresa's almost worth it. Talk about it being hot south of the
border.
Harper: Focus, Julian. Were ivy, Rebecca, or Ethan alerted to your union with
Pilar’s daughter?
Julian: Ivy and Rebecca were extremely suspicious until Theresa’s silken
tongue saved our hides -- although I must admit I still worry about the gruesome
twosome figuring out that Theresa and I are married.
Harper: You should be. Ivy and Rebecca won't forget about this, not while
both of them have reason to blow you out of the water.
Julian: True. But hopefully neither of them will ever know what happened.

Ethan: So I ripped up the annulment papers that Theresa signed, thinking they
were a loan and then we left. I mean, imagine me, you know, thinking that
Theresa and Julian were married. How ridiculous is that? If that were true and I
was too blind to see it, I mean, that would mean I'm set to marry the woman who
was the wife of the man I thought to be my father. Hey, Theresa, look, there's
Ben Posten. Come on; let's go say hi.
Theresa: Ok.
Chad: You know, I saw that look between you and Theresa. I mean, what, is
that a secret? Whitney? Is Theresa married to Julian Crane?

[Knock on door]
Pilar: I hope I’m not disturbing you.
Ivy: No, Pilar.
Ivy: I was just thinking what happened down in the library.
Pilar: Oh.
Ivy: Seeing those annulment papers that Theresa signed. She and Julian --
they just seemed so nervous. Then Theresa said she signed the papers thinking
they were loan papers for the money she borrowed from Julian for Ethan to set up
his law practice. Something's not right. Theresa was just too nervous to be
telling the truth.
Pilar: Well, if you need anything --
Ivy: Wait, Pilar. I know that Theresa confides in you. So why don't you tell
me what's going on. What are she and Julian hiding?

Miguel: Your 18th birthday's coming up. Then we can get engaged like Chief
Bennett and your Aunt Grace said.
Charity: Oh. I cannot wait to wear your ring. It means we're going to spend
the rest of our lives together.

Timmy: Tabby has the list Timmy gave her, right?
Tabitha: Oh, indeed I do, lad. We'll go to the store, get your special
Halloween martimmy ingredients, and then we'll get home and start decorating for
our side's big holiday. Oh, this Halloween should be better than last year's,
being trapped in that dreadful mineshaft.
Timmy: If Tabby hadn't given Charity that evil pendant --
Tabitha: Yes, well -- oh. Talking of Charity, there's Blondie over there,
kissy-kissing with Miguel.
Timmy: Ew.
Tabitha: Ew is right. Oh, those two should get a room. What am I saying? If
Charity and Miguel make love, then she comes into her full powers and we'll go
the way of the dinosaurs. Oh, thank Hades Kay did do what I told our friends in
the basement she'd do. She got very angry when her parents announced that they
weren't legally married, thus making her illegitimate.
Timmy: Does Tabby think Kay’s anger would drive her to tear Charity and
Miguel apart?
Tabitha: Oh, yes, lad. After all Kay saw, she's well on her way to turning
evil. Now nothing will stop our naughty neophyte from doing what it takes to
make Miguel hers.

Kay: I can't believe that my mom was kissing another guy. What was she
thinking?
Simone: What were you thinking ratting on your mom to your dad like that?
Kay: Simone, I was too angry to stop myself.
Simone: You really hurt your dad, Kay.
Kay: I know. And I'm sorry about that, but the truth was bound to come out
sooner or later, I mean, especially after the way she kept defending David. I
really hope my dad gives that creep what he deserves and then some.

Sam: Damn you, Hastings. My daughter walks in on you kissing her mother, my
wife?
David: I am so sorry. I did not mean for Kay to see the kiss.
Sam: Did you really think that you could force yourself on her and get away
with it?
Grace: No, Sam, he didn't --
Sam: Because I know she doesn't want you. She's my wife.
David: And, you know, according to state law and God's law, Grace is my wife.
She has been for over 20 years. The real crime is you being intimate with her in
my absence, Sam. You're guilty of seducing my wife.
Sam: I will be guilty of killing you if you don't leave my family alone.

Timmy: Are Timmy and Tabby going to the store or not?
Tabitha: Not until we give Kay’s evil transformation a bit of a boost by
making sure that she sees Charity and Miguel together.
Simone: You can't tell your parents how to live their lives.
Kay: Simone, that is really easy for you to say. Your parents don't have a
lot of secrets in their past.
Tabitha: Little does Simone know that both Eve's and T.C.'s pasts are
overflowing with secrets.
Simone: You still shouldn't disrespect your mom.
Kay: What about how my mom disrespected my dad by locking lips with another
man? And after seeing her be bad, why should I be good, Simone? I mean, look
what it's gotten me -- a mom and dad who aren't even married, which makes me,
Noah, and Jessica illegitimate.
Simone: Chad is illegitimate, but, I mean, that doesn't make me love him any
less, and so was Ethan. I mean, Theresa still loves him.
Kay: Thank you for making my case, Simone. You and Chad are not exactly hot
and heavy, and Ethan and Theresa still aren't married. And Sheridan and Luis?
They're never going to be because she's dead.
Simone: What is your point?
Kay: My point is that a girl has to grab love wherever she can and hold on to
it however she can.
Tabitha: In this case, by sleeping with Miguel and getting pregnant. Come on,
lad; let's fan the flames of Kay’s white-hot anger. Hello, my dears.
Kay: Hi, Tabitha.
Tabitha: Timmy and I were just passing by on our way to the store and I
couldn't help overhearing what you said about the hits true love has taken in
Harmony of late.
Kay: See? Tabitha agrees with me.
Tabitha: Well, at least let's not forget that there is one happy couple in
town.
Simone: Ben and George who own the antique store?
Kay: Oh, yeah.
Tabitha: No, no, I'm talking about the couple right over there.

Pilar: Look, I know that you think Theresa’s hiding something because you no
longer trust her.
Ivy: Oh, with good reason.
Pilar: I'll admit that she's made mistakes, but Theresa would never, ever
hurt you or Ethan on purpose.
Ivy: That doesn't change the fact that your daughter is responsible for
everything that's wrong in my life.
Pilar: Theresa is not the one who got pregnant with Ethan by running to Sam
Bennett on her wedding night to Julian. And my Theresa is not the one who
decided to stay in this loveless marriage for over 20 years, all the while
suffering in style, thanks to the Crane money and power. And my daughter is not
the one who climbed up that ladder to help Sam fix the beacon in the middle of a
hurricane, only to be struck by lightning, fall, and injure her spine. She did
not condemn you to that wheelchair for thinking that you can win Sam back when
David Hastings came to town hoping that he could reclaim Grace. No, Ivy, my
Theresa is not responsible for any of those things, but I can show you who is.
There she is Ivy. Take a good look in the mirror and see who is responsible for
everything that's happened.

Sam:&nbsp; My wife.
Grace: Sam, don't take it out on David!
Sam: Why the hell not? He forced himself on you.
Grace: No, he didn't! I gave him permission to kiss me!

Kay: I must feel like my dad felt when I told him Mom and David were kissing.
What could hurt him worse than that? Unless he found my mom and David in bed
together.
Simone: I'll tell you what would hurt him more than anything -- you seducing
Miguel and having his baby.
Kay: That would not hurt my dad. He'd be happy for me because I'd have
somebody who loves me.
Simone: Nabbing a guy by getting pregnant has nothing to do with love, Kay.
Miguel could end up hating you for using him. And your father -- he'd be so
ashamed and disappointed in you.
Kay: I think that if Miguel and I have a boy, we'll name him Sam.
Simone: You are never going to get Miguel, Kay. He loves Charity.
Kay: Not for long.
Tabitha: The flames of Kay’s anger and jealousy are burning brightly, Timmy.
Now to add a little gasoline.&nbsp; Charity and Miguel are so deeply in love. I don't
think anything could separate those two now, do you?
Simone: Whatever you're thinking, Kay, stop it.
Kay: No, Simone, I've only just begun. Tabitha, when you go to the store, can
you stock up on tissues, you know, just in case anybody needs them? Come on. I
have to go find out what Miguel and Charity are talking about.

Sam: You gave him permission to kiss you?
Grace: No, look, Sam, it's not what you're thinking, ok? David and I were
talking about him moving on with his life because my life is here with you and
the children, and I just said that I wanted to help him if I could and he said
there was something I could do. I didn't know he was going to kiss me.
Sam: So you tricked her into kissing you.
David: No, I didn't.
Sam: Well, it sounds that way to me. You didn't tell her you were going to
kiss her because you knew that if you did, she'd refuse.
David: I didn't tell her I was going to kiss her because I wanted to surprise
her. I wanted to shock her into remembering us and what we had, and it did. I
felt it when my lips touched hers, and you felt it, too. I know you remembered
us and the feelings we had for each other. I know you did.
Sam: Grace? Is that true? Do you remember feelings for David?

Julian: Harper, I'll have to call you back. Rebecca's here -- seemingly
unarmed. Ahem. Oh, sweet cheeks. I thought that you were upstairs moving in.
Rebecca: Oh, I came to apologize for being so suspicious when I saw Theresa’s
name on those annulment papers of yours.
Julian: Oh. So you didn't overhear the conversation that Harper and I were
having?
Rebecca: No. Why, is there something I wasn't supposed to hear?
Julian: Well, I was reading him the riot act about faxing those blasted
annulment papers over here in the first place. It's absurd to think that Ivy
would ever sign them. All he did was get you, especially, all worked up over
nothing.
Rebecca: So you accept my apology?
Julian: Hmm -- of course I do.
Rebecca: Good. Because I'm -- well, I'm feeling a need to show you how sorry
I am.
Julian: Well, if you insist.
Rebecca: Why don't we pretend that I’m your assistant and we're working, oh,
late at night on -- on a merger?
Julian: Yes. And I'm about to give you dictation.
Rebecca: Oh, give it to me, pookie. Just remember, I give as good as I get.

Pilar: That's the person who ruined your life, right there in the mirror.
It's you, Ivy. You.

Ethan: I can't wait to make you Mrs. Ethan Winthrop.
Theresa: Believe me, I'm counting the days until I can be your wife.
Ethan: God, I can't believe for a nanosecond I thought that you and Julian
were married.
Theresa: You know, let's see if there is anything else about weddings in
here, shall we? Hey, look, it's a prenuptial quiz.
Ethan: Those quizzes ask the dumbest questions. I mean, like anyone would
live their life according to those answers.
Theresa: You don't even know what the first question is.
Ethan: Well, then prove me right. Read one of the questions.
Theresa: Ok. &quot;How sure are you that your spouse-to-be is completely honest?
A, 100%, b, 75%, c, 50%.&quot;
Ethan: That's easy. It's a, because I know you're 100% honest to me about
everything.

Chad: That's it, ain't it? Theresa married Julian Crane down in Bermuda.
Whitney: I can't answer that question.
Chad: Oh, you just did. Whitney, I can't let my best friend be made a fool
of. I've got to tell him what's going on with Theresa.

Sam: Answer me, Grace -- did kissing David make you remember your feelings
for him?
Grace: Sam, I don't remember anything.
David: I don't believe it. I felt it when I kissed you.
Sam: Stay out of this.
David: You're afraid to say anything because Sam’s here. Because you decided
to spend the rest of your life with him, not me. You're afraid it'd complicate
things. You're afraid to be honest with Sam.
Sam: That's not true. Grace has always been honest with me and honest with
herself.
David: You may not want to admit to remembering loving me, Grace, but you
did. And in my heart I know it. And in your heart you know it, too.

Ivy: I don't want to fight with you, Pilar. We are friends, and we have been
over half our lives.
Pilar: Yes, we have.
Ivy: I understand that Theresa is your daughter and that you are going to
protect her and defend her, just as I am going to protect and defend Ethan and
fight for his happiness. I just want to be sure that Theresa won't hurt Ethan
that she isn't lying to him and keeping more secrets. Can you vouch for her,
Pilar? Can you, as my best friend for over 20 years, look me in the eye and tell
me that Theresa isn't hiding anything else from Ethan, that she hasn't done
something that's going to come back and hurt him?

Whitney: Chad, just wait a second, please. Come on, do you really want to be
the one to break Theresa and Ethan up for good this time?
Chad: No, of course not. But Ethan’s my best friend, all right, and I’ve got
to give him the skinny on Theresa.
Whitney: Ok, but if Ethan’s your best friend, why don't you think about what
he's going to do when he finds out that Julian married Theresa in Bermuda and
that they did what married people do on their wedding night.
Chad: You're saying Julian Crane slept with Theresa?
Whitney: Shh! Please, please, I've already said too much.
Chad: So wait a minute, wait a minute, so Theresa was in Julian Crane's hotel
room when we were looking for her, wasn't she? You know, Julian Crane is a -- a
pig.
Whitney: True.
Chad: And then some.
Whitney: True, true, true. I know, but it is partially Theresa’s fault. I
mean, she was drinking champagne while she was trying to convince Julian to take
Ethan back into the family. And then, you know, one thing led to another, I
guess.
Chad: So he got her drunk?
Whitney: Well, it's not like he poured champagne down Theresa’s throat, ok?
She could've stopped it. She should've stopped it, Chad, but she didn't. Listen
to me -- the point is that if Ethan finds out Julian married and slept with
Theresa, he's going to kill him.
Chad: And then Ethan would go to jail.
Whitney: Exactly, and their lives together would be over.
Chad: Well, you ain't got to worry about Ethan killing him because I'll kill
him for what he did to Theresa.

Julian: Ooh, you eager-to-please assistant. Besides taking dictation, I want
you to review my prospectus before completing the merger.
Rebecca: Oh, I promise to give it a thorough going-over.
Julian: Oh, nose to the old grindstone, so to speak.
Rebecca: Oh, absolutely. And if you're pleased with my performance, well,
then we can close the deal.
Julian: Who says one can't mix business with pleasure?
Rebecca: Not I.
Julian: Come here, my tempting temp. Let's get down to business.
Rebecca: Let’s.

Simone: Please, Kay, please give up on Miguel.
Kay: Shh. I need to hear what he and his soon-to-be ex are saying.
Simone: Why, Kay?
Kay: Because when you're bad, you need all the information you can so that
you can cause the most trouble.
Simone: Kay, this is awful.
Kay: I know, I can't hear a thing they're saying. Now would you zip it so I
can listen?
Tabitha: Ooh, it's lucky for us Kay is so good at being bad. Our friends in
the basement would fry us for sure if she doesn't woo Miguel away from Charity.

Miguel: So we agree? We're going to get engaged on your 18th birthday?
Charity: Oh, the minute the clock strikes 12:01.
Kay: Charity may get a cake for her birthday, but I'm going to get Miguel.
Miguel: Did you know that -- that in some cultures, when a couple gets
engaged that it's ok, even encouraged, that they make love?
Tabitha: Uh-oh.
Kay: There is no way that he's going to make love to her. He's going to make
me a woman and a mommy.
Miguel: So what do you think? Should we sleep together once we get engaged?

David: Grace, I know you remembered our love when I held you in my arms just
now. Admit it. Be honest.
Sam: Damn it, Hastings, that's enough. Grace doesn't remember anything, so
just leave her alone. And don't you ever try to pull a stunt like that again
because next time Grace might not be here to keep me from hurting you.
David: Well, I should be getting back to work, anyway.
Sam: Work? You got a little photo shoot here in Harmony?
David: Actually, I volunteered to help rebuild your house.
Sam: Why is he helping rebuild our house?
Grace: Look, David wanted to do something for me. And even though the house
represents my choosing to stay with you instead of going away with him, you
know, he wanted to help me and it's what I want. It's -- even though it means
he's losing me.
Sam: Well, I don't trust him. Hastings has to have an ulterior motive.

Whitney: Look, just chill out, ok? If you kill Mr. Crane, then you're going
to go to jail, and I don't want that.
Chad: Why, is it because you want me around? The same way that Theresa wants
Ethan around so she can marry him?
Whitney: I don't want anyone to go to jail, Chad.
Chad: Yeah, whatever you say.
Whitney: Look, just promise me, please; that you won't tell Ethan that
Theresa married Julian. It would truly tear them apart for sure.
Chad: Well, Ethan’s going to find out when he gets her to the altar.
Whitney: No, no, see, Mr. Crane is getting an annulment. And as soon as the
annulment comes through, Theresa and Ethan can be married without Ethan ever
finding out what happened.
Chad: So the annulment papers that Ethan said he ripped up -- those were
real?
Whitney: Yeah, I mean, I guess so. And I just feel so bad for Theresa. I
mean, she was so close to having all this behind her.
Ethan: Hey, Chad, think we could get a couple more cups of coffee, please?
Chad: Oh, uh, yeah. Yeah, you got it.
Ethan: Well, Theresa and I can't afford mocha lattes anymore.
Theresa: I don't care as long as I’m with you.
Chad: Ok, guys, here you go.
Theresa: Thank you.
Ethan: I want to propose a toast. To my bride-to-be -- the most beautiful,
honest, trustworthy woman in the world. Soon my mother will realize it, too.

Ivy: Is Theresa keeping any secrets from Ethan, anything that could hurt him?
Pilar: Theresa would never intentionally do anything to hurt Ethan. She loves
him as much as you do. And yes, she's made mistakes, but they came from
misguided love, not malicious intent.
Ivy: Well, I think I believe that, Pilar. But you haven't answered my
question yet. And I can't help but be suspicious after hearing what went on in
Bermuda with Ethan and everyone looking for Theresa and Julian and thinking they
were together, and then seeing Theresa’s signature on the annulment papers, and
how nervous she and Julian were when we thought that they were married.
Pilar: I can see why you have reasons to be suspicious
Ivy: Are you telling me I shouldn't be? Are you telling me that Theresa isn't
hiding anything from Ethan, that she is being totally honest and aboveboard with
my son? Are you telling me that I don't have to worry about yet another one of
Theresa’s secrets coming out and devastating my son?

Charity: Um -- yes, I’ve heard of the cultures that encourage engaged couples
to make love, and it's not like we haven't talked about it before. I'm not sure
if we're ready yet.
Miguel: I get what you're saying. But we know that we're going to get married
and be together forever, so why not make love once we get engaged?
Kay: Come on, Charity; just tell him you're frigid.
Charity: How about we wait until we're engaged and we see how we feel then?
Miguel: Ok. I didn't mean to press you.
Charity: No.
Miguel: You know, it's just that I love you so much; I can't wait to be with
you.
Kay: Miguel's not going to have to wait for Cousin Ice Cube because I’m going
to seduce him. I'm going to get pregnant and we're going to get married before
Charity even knows what she's missing.
Tabitha: That's it, Kay! You go, girl. Go straight to bed with Miguel.

Rebecca: Oh. Oh. Oh, I feel so terrible about thinking that you were actually
married to Theresa. I think I was just terrified about losing my precious
pookie. Yes, but why would you want a silly, inexperienced girl like Tacosita,
huh, when you can have an uninhibited, insatiable woman like me?
Julian: Oh, yes. My siren of sinful delights, it's you I want.
Rebecca: Yes, and me and only me? I don't have to worry about some floozie
taking you away from me?
Julian: Oh, no, Becky, you're the only floozy I want.
Rebecca: Well, say and you shall receive it. I just wish that we could get
married soon.
Julian: Oh, I do, too, but with Poison Ivy contesting the divorce --
Rebecca: Oh, that handicapped harridan.
Julian: God! That witch on wheels. I'd marry you tomorrow if it weren't for
her.
Rebecca: Really?
Julian: Oh, yes, in a flash.
Rebecca: Oh, pookie, that is so good to know.
Julian: Oh, as good as you are to me.
Rebecca: You know, I think that it's time we took this game to the next
level.
Julian: Is this the where you lick my stamp and I stuff your envelope?
Rebecca: Oh, soon, pookie. Very, very soon. But first, there are some
documents for you to sign, and then there will be a signing bonus that will make
you, oh, so happy.
Julian: I love playing boss and assistant. Let me put pen to paper and watch
my stock rise.
Rebecca: Oh, yes, Julian, let's close this merger.

Ivy: Pilar, if you tell me that I have nothing to worry about with Ethan and
Theresa, if you tell me that your daughter is being totally honest with my son,
I'll believe you.
Pilar: Theresa isn't keeping secrets from Ethan. You have nothing to worry
about.
Ivy: Thank you. I believe you.
Pilar: I'm glad. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a lot of work to do.
Rebecca is as messy as she is mean.
Ivy: She and Julian are pigs in more ways than one.
Pilar: Oh, Theresa, now you have me lying for you. When will this deception
end?
Ivy: Pilar, I have known you half of my life and I know you were lying to me
about Theresa just now. I know she is still keeping secrets from Ethan, and that
will not do.
Ivy: Yes, this is Ivy Crane. I need you to come to my room right away.

Grace: You know, Sam, I think you're wrong about David. There's nothing
suspicious about him. I mean, he's a good man. He doesn't have any secrets or
ulterior motives.
Sam: Grace, how can you be so sure? Did you remember something that you
didn't tell me?
Grace: No, Sam. I'm just beginning to trust myself. Look, I was married to
this man. I don't remember anything about it, but I really don't think I would
give my heart to someone that would lie and scheme and take advantage of me.
It's just that simple.

Miguel: Whether we make love on your 18th birthday or not, it's going to be a
really special day.
Charity: It's going to be an amazing day.
Simone: If you do that thing, Kay -- if you really do it --
Kay: Just say it, Simone. I'm going to seduce Miguel, I'm going to get
pregnant with his baby, and then he's going to marry me. Say it.
Simone: This is wrong, Kay. I can't believe that you're acting this way.
Kay: Simone, I tried being good, ok, and it got me nothing but frustration
and a cold sore from Reese when he caught me off guard and kissed me. No. And
nothing is going to stop me from getting him.&nbsp;
Tabitha: Kay's words are music to my ears, Timmy. If she gets preggers by
Miguel, he's so bloody noble, he'll marry her. And then we'll never have to
worry about Charity coming into her full powers and wiping us out ever again.

Ethan: I love you so much. I could never lose you.
Theresa: There's no reason for you to ever lose me. No reason whatsoever.

Whitney: I can't even believe that Theresa actually signed the papers
annulling her marriage to Mr. Crane, only to have Ethan rip them up thinking it
was some sort of mistake. I mean, now Theresa and Mr. Crane are back to square
one.
Chad: And with Ethan’s mom and ms. Hotchkiss both convinced that something's
going on. Well, Julian’s got to find a way not to get married to Gwen’s mom or
he'll be a pig and a bigamist.
Whitney: You know, if Mr. Crane marries Mrs. Hotchkiss before his marriage to
Theresa is annulled, this whole mess could just explode and the whole town of
Harmony would be affected, especially Theresa and Ethan. It would be completely
horrible for them.
Chad: And Mr. Crane. Not like anybody gives a lick about him.

Julian: Ok, my amorous assistant, I signed. What do I get now?
Rebecca: You get to marry me.
Julian: Come again?
Rebecca: You signed our marriage license.
Julian: What?
Rebecca: Our wedding is tomorrow.
Julian: But we -- we can't get married tomorrow.
Rebecca: Why not?
Julian: There's not enough time.
Rebecca: Oh, but there is. You see, I spoke to an old beau of mine who
happens to be a judge and, well, he got rid of all that messy red tape. So we
are getting married tomorrow, come rain or shine.
Julian: You tricked me, you sneaky seductress.
Rebecca: Well, five minutes ago you said you wanted to marry me so what --
what's the problem?
Julian: Problem? Why, I really can't say.
Rebecca: Well, all righty, then. I'll have your tux cleaned. By this time
tomorrow, I'll be your wife.

[Knock on door]
Ivy: Come in.
Man: You wanted to see me?
Ivy: Yes, Jerry. As head of Crane security, I need your help. You've been
loyal to me in the past and I'm counting on you to be so in the future.
Jerry: Goes without saying.
Ivy: Julian and Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald have a secret. Something happened
between them in Bermuda and I want to know what it was, and I’d like to know as
soon as possible.&nbsp;
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 10/23/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 10/23/01






Proofread by Anita
Brian: You feeling better?
Sheridan: Trying. The last thing anyone around here needs is me feeling sorry
for myself.
Liz: It must be rough not remembering anything.
Sheridan: I'm so grateful to you and Brian. I mean, I couldn't have asked to
have been rescued by nicer, more generous people.
Liz: Oh. Well, don't look at me. Brian's the one that fished you out of the
sea.
Sheridan: You've been great, too, Liz. I mean, if ever I get home, wherever
that is, I won't ever forget what you've done for me.
Liz: Oh, don't mention it.
Sheridan: I just wish that I hadn't remembered the man I was in love with.
Liz: Why is that?
Sheridan: Because it makes it harder to realize that he's never going to come
looking for me.
Liz: Are you sure he's dead?
Sheridan: It's the one clear memory that I have. I can picture him, dying in
my arms. Whoever he was, I've lost him.
Hank: What kind of weirdo strolls in town claiming to be Grace's real
husband, then hangs out by volunteering to work on Sam and Grace's new house?
Luis: Hank, forget about it. All right? It's between them. Besides, from what
Sam says, this guy's story checks out.
Hank: I don't care what checks out. It doesn't set right with me. Sam and
Grace have been through enough. I wish to Hell this guy had never shown up.
Sam: Grace. What are you doing?
Grace: Well -- Sam, he waved at me. I mean, I didn't want to be rude,
especially when he's working on our new house. You don't even want me to talk to
him, do you?
Sam: That's up to you. But I do have a question for you. David claimed that
you felt something when he kissed you, that he felt it in his heart. Did you,
Grace? Did kissing David bring back old memories, old feelings?
Ethan: You know, I left our wedding paperwork in the kitchen. We'll be right
back.
Chad: I mean, Theresa can't sign a new marriage license application when
she's already married to Julian.
Whitney: Well, look, I'm just hoping that she threw Ivy and Gwen’s mother off
when she said that she &quot;accidentally&quot; signed Julian's annulment papers. Now, all
he has to do is get another set of papers filed, and then his marriage to
Theresa can be dissolved and no else ever has to find out about this.
Chad: Well, you know, Whitney, that's a lot of hoping and wishing. And I
don't even want to think about what Ethan would do if he were to find out.
Julian: I cannot believe that you tricked me into signing this marriage
license.
Rebecca: Well, I don't see any reason to wait, pookie, so our wedding is
tomorrow.
Julian: Hmm -- but --
Rebecca: No buts! Told you I spoke to that judge that's a friend of mine and
he got rid of all that messy red tape.
Julian: But I -- but we can't. Ivy's contesting the divorce.
Rebecca: Well, it doesn't matter. You see, I hired an attorney of my own, and
he said that as far as the courts are concerned, you are divorced. There is
nothing standing in our way. So by this time tomorrow, I will be the second Mrs.
Julian Crane. Oh! Isn't it wonderful?
Ivy: Something went on between Julian and Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald in
Bermuda. And I want you to find out what it was. There were annulment papers on
Julian's desk downstairs, and Theresa's signature was on them.
Jerry: Her signature?
Ivy: Yes. She claimed she signed them by accident, but I’m not so sure.
Jerry: Then you think Mr. Crane and the young lady could be married?
Ivy: Oh. Wait. No, that's absurd, even for Julian, but they are hiding
something. And I think my son, Ethan, deserves to know what it is before he
makes the colossal mistake of taking Theresa as his bride. I want you to find
out what Julian and Theresa's secret is, and I don't want you to come back until
you do.
Sam: Grace, you didn't answer my question. Did David's kiss stir up some old
memories? Do you remember being married to him now?
Grace: No, Sam, I don't remember, and I didn't feel anything when he kissed
me.
Sam: Well, something is different. I can tell. Now, Grace, what does this guy
mean to you?
Grace: Sam, he's my first husband. I mean -- he's my legal husband. That
doesn't mean you have to hate him.
Sam: Look, I don't hate him. But I'm not going to stand by and let this guy
try to take you away from me and our family.
Grace: He knows he can't because I made it perfectly clear to him that I want
him to move on with his life without me. Sam, I love you. And in my heart, you
are my husband, not David. But, you know, that doesn't mean we can't be civil or
even nice. And he's just doing what we would hope any man who had lost his wife
would do.
Sam: Maybe.
Grace: You did everything you could to prove that he was making this up, and
you couldn't. So if this is true and we know that it is, then he must be decent
because I wouldn't have married him, I wouldn't have fallen in love with him if
he wasn't.
Ivy: Well, I'm afraid Julian has frozen my assets, but this should finance
your trip.
Jerry: Oh, I'm sure it'll more than cover all my expenses, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Well, I'm going to fight this so-called divorce of Julian's, whatever it
takes. And if I protect my son in the process, then the cost is more than worth
it.
Jerry: I'll call you when I get to Bermuda.
Ivy: Well, it's a small island. It shouldn't take you too long to figure out
what Julian and Theresa have been hiding. Thank you. You can go.
Ivy: If I am right, Theresa, and you are hiding something from me and from
Ethan, I'm going to fill your life with more pain than any pill can ever take
away.
Ethan: So, why don't you look through the rest of this paperwork and I'll
finish filling out the new marriage license application.
Theresa: Sure.
Whitney: You know, I really appreciate you not blowing the whistle on
Theresa.
Chad: &quot;Blowing the whistle&quot;? I call it more like detonating an atom bomb. You
know, Ethan would completely lose it if he ever found out that Theresa and
Julian were married. And if Julian ever copped to the fact that he and Theresa
spent the night together --
Whitney: If only Theresa hadn't been drunk.
Chad: And that supposed come on, Whitney, get real. This is serious. And we
don't even know how many people at this point suspect or know about this. I
mean, take Gwen’s mom, for example. I mean, if she keeps pushing Julian to get
married, then Theresa's marriage to Julian is bound to come out. And that's it.
Everybody's lives will just go up in smoke.
Julian: But, dumpling, if we get married tomorrow, we won't have time to plan
a proper ceremony. What about the wedding of your dreams?
Rebecca:&nbsp; Oh well, my only dream is to marry you sooner as opposed to later.
Do you have a problem with that, pookie?
Julian: Oh, no, lovey. I'm counting the milliseconds until you're legally
mine. It's just that what you're proposing seems a bit hasty, unnecessarily
precipitous. It --
Rebecca:&nbsp; We are getting married tomorrow. I am not about to wait for Ivy to
stop contesting the divorce. Now, she'll be dragging those big paralyzed feet of
hers forever, no, and if there's going to be a legal battle, I am going to fight
it as Mrs. Julian crane. It'll give me much more credibility in the courtroom.
Julian: Ahem. But I really don't see --
Rebecca: Is there something you're not telling me, Julian?
Julian: Oh, nothing, sugar plum. You know everything about me.
Rebecca: Hmm. You certainly are acting very peculiar.
Julian: Mm-hmm.
Rebecca: First, I thought it must be about your sister's passing, but then
the -- we both know it couldn't be about that. And then you've been even more
nervous ever since you got home. I thought that you were going to have a
coronary when Ivy saw Theresa's name on those annulment papers of yours.
Julian: Theresa already explained that. She didn't realize what she was
signing.
Rebecca: Yes, you both hastened to explain that. That isn't why you're
stalling about marrying me, is it, Julian?
Julian: No.
Rebecca: Are you married to Theresa?
Ethan: You know, I can't believe they're making us fill out a new marriage
license application.
[Ethan sighs]
Ethan: But I guess this is the last time I'm going to do it, so I guess I can
push on through it.
Chad: You know what, man? I never seen one of those things. Let me take a
look.
Whitney: Ok, Theresa, just how are you going to sign a new application when
you're already married to Julian?
Theresa: Whit, that is the least of my problems. Ok, hopefully Julian is
working on a new set of annulment papers, so it shouldn't be long before I can
marry Ethan legally.
Whitney: I really hate to be the one to mention to you, Theresa, but so far,
everything you've hoped for has backfired. What makes you think this annulment's
going to go through in time?
Theresa: Because Rebecca won't let up on Julian to marry her. Ok, even if he
didn't want to rush things for me, he has to to save his own neck. So, once
Julian gets a new set of annulment papers, I will sign them, Julian will have
them filed, and Ethan will never know that I married Julian and slept with him.
Julian: Me, married to Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald? Oh, you can't be serious.
Rebecca: Hmm. Do I look like I’m kidding?
Julian: Ahem. I thought we'd put that ridiculous hypothesis to rest.
Rebecca: Oh, yes, because Theresa said that she didn't know what she was
signing. Why should I believe any word out of that little tart's mouth?
Julian: Well, I won't argue with you there. The girl's clearly pathological.
But in this case, she is telling the truth. She thought she was signing a loan
agreement. I mean, for heaven's sakes, she even produced the check that I wrote
to help Ethan start his own law practice. Do you honestly think that there's
enough alcohol in the world to induce me to marry someone of her ilk?
Rebecca: Well --
Julian: Besides -- hmm? Aren't you my one and only lovey-dovey oodle-poodle,
hmm?
Rebecca: Well, I thought I was.
Julian: Well, rest assured, you are. You are my own little sex Goddess. I
wouldn't dream of marrying anyone else.
Rebecca: Aw. Pookie, that's all I want to hear.
Julian: Mmm.
Rebecca: Besides, I would think that you would be just as anxious as I am to
make our relationship legal. Well, it's only my status as your wife that keeps
me from having to testify against you should -- well, should anyone ask any
questions about your sister's &quot;accidental&quot; death. Of course, if we weren't
married, well, then I’d be forced to tell everything I know -- you know, tell
the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help me God. He did
it! Julian Crane arranged for the murder of his only sibling, his sister,
Sheridan. You should have married me when I told you to, pookie.
[Julian whimpers]
Luis: Ugh!
Ethan: Ugh!
Rebecca: Will you excuse me, pookie? I have a zillion calls to make. So much
to do, so little time.
Julian: Harper, it's me. Where the hell are those new annulment papers?&nbsp;
Listen, if you don't want your life destroyed along with mine, you'll get them
to me right now!
Brian: Don't cry. Everything's going to work out.
Sheridan: You've got no idea how much I want to believe you, Brian. I just
don't see there being any chance of that happening. I mean, every time I see the
face of the man I loved, I just feel sadder and -- you know, I didn't just lose
him when he died. I lost any chance that I had of finding out who I was before
you found me at sea.
Luis: In some ways, I don't mind that this guy David came to town.
Hank: I thought you were on my brother's side.
Luis: You know I am. Sam means the world to me. It's just that this guy
finding the woman he loved and lost after all these years is proof that miracles
can happen.
Hank: Your story's a little different, buddy.
Luis: Why, because Sheridan's body was identified?
Hank: She was cremated, Luis.
Luis: Yeah. I'm not so sure it was Sheridan anymore.
Hank: Where's all this coming from? I thought you said yourself how futile it
was to hope that Sheridan survived. You even told the Bermuda police to stop
distributing that flier with her picture on it.
Luis: I know. I was watching this guy David, and I’m realizing he had faith
for over 20 years that Grace was out there somewhere. And why can't it happen to
me, too?
Hank: Clinging to a mighty thin thread if you're basing your hopes on
Hastings. Personally, I wouldn't bet my lunch money on anything that had to do
with him. I mean, what kind of guy, you know, spends his free time volunteering
to help build a house that his wife plans to live in with another man? Nobody's
that noble. I'm not getting anywhere with this. Let's go get a cup of coffee.
Luis: Ok.
Sam: I keep thinking about what Luis said earlier down at the station, about
how each of us has only one really great love in a lifetime.
Grace: Yes, I guess he was talking about Sheridan.
Sam: He was, but I couldn't help but think about you and David. I mean, like
you said, you must have had strong enough feelings for this guy to marry him in
the first place. But what if -- what if you get your memory back and it turns
out that he is the great love of your life, Grace?
Grace: Sam, I love you now, with every fibre of my being.
Sam: That's not what I asked.
Grace: Then I can't answer your question because I don't remember my life
before I met you -- unlike you with Ivy.&nbsp; [Grace sighs]
Sam: Grace, where did that come from?
Grace: Sam, you brought it up. How many times have I heard you say you never
get over your first love? You’ve never gotten over Ivy? Is she the great love of
your life?
Sam: I'll tell you exactly what I told Luis. Ivy's not the great love of my
life.&nbsp; You are.
Grace: And are you sure about that?
Sam: Surer than anything else in this crazy world. I'm way past any feelings
I ever had for Ivy.
Grace: Then why can't you accept that you're the love of my life? Why are you
so worried that I’m going to remember some old feelings I had for David?
Sam: Look, it's not you. It's the way this guy talks about you two. I mean,
he's so possessive, like he has a right to you, like he knows things about you
that I never could. And kissing you -- now, that was crossing the line, and he
knows it.
Grace: Sam, I know, and David explained that he was kissing me because he was
trying to jog my memory, and it didn't work. And I am so sorry that Kay had to
witness it and I'm so sorry that she had to tell you about it. But maybe now you
know how it felt every time I walked in on you kissing Ivy. It hurt, just like
it hurt you to find out that I kissed David. The difference is that David knows
he doesn't have a chance with me.
Sam: Grace, what are you saying?
Grace: Well, to be honest, I don't think that it's David that's a threat to
this relationship. It's Ivy.
[Rebecca hums]
[Ivy chuckles]
Ivy: Hum all the wedding marches you like, Rebecca. It will be a cold day in
hell before you walk down the aisle with my husband.
Rebecca: Really? Oh. They're predicting lovely weather tomorrow. Julian
signed the marriage license. We're going ahead with the ceremony.
Ivy: Over my dead body.
Rebecca: Oh, Ivy, I think it's enough that you're paralyzed and in a
wheelchair. And my attorney says that you can contest this divorce from now
until kingdom come, but there is no reason why Julian cannot marry me
immediately.
Ivy: How little do you know? You know, being Mrs. Julian Crane comes with all
sorts of unexpected baggage, Rebecca. As my father used to say, &quot;be careful what
you ask for -- you might just get it.&quot;
Chad: Anybody else want something to drink?
Theresa: I'm ok.
Ethan: I'm all right.
Theresa: Thanks.
Whitney: I'll take a soda.
Chad: All right.
Ethan: Ok, Theresa, it's your turn to sign the new marriage license
application.
Theresa: I'll be right there.
Whitney: Theresa, you cannot sign that. It's illegal.
Theresa: Whitney, will you cut it out? I told you there's nothing wrong with
me signing it. It's filing it that could get me into trouble.
Whitney: I don't know.
Theresa: Well, it doesn't matter because I don't have any other choice.
Ethan: Well, you better hurry, Theresa, unless you want me to forge your
signature. Sweetheart?
Theresa: Ok.&nbsp; Mm-hmm, there.
Ethan: Great. Well, I think I'm going to run this down to the courthouse
right now. I've got a friend down there who can file this first thing in the
morning.
Theresa: No, you can't do that.
Ethan: Why not? Why don't you want our marriage license filed?
Theresa: It's not that I don't want you to file the marriage license. It's
just that I want to be there when you do it. And I can't take the time today,
what with trying to throw a whole new wedding together on the spur of the
moment, you know? Maybe tomorrow.
Ethan: Well, sure, if that's what you want. I mean, I guess it's my fault
anyway that we have to fill this out again. If I hadn't been such a jerk on the
day we were supposed to become husband and wife, probably be married right now.
You think you can forgive me for that?
Julian: How the Hell am I supposed to calm down when Rebecca has me over a
barrel about marrying her tomorrow? Must I remind my own attorney that I am
already married women? I feel like one of those circus performers on a unicycle
trying to keep a hundred plates in the air at the same time.
Harper: Now, your getting upset won't help things. I already told you I’m
having a messenger bring over more annulment papers as soon as the office opens
in Bermuda.
Julian: That means my -- my annulment to Theresa can go through tomorrow?
Harper: I can't promise that.
Julian: For God's sake, Harper. Rebecca tricked me into signing that marriage
license, and she won't let up until she's my wife. I suppose I'll just -- just
have to play along, clean up this mess later.
Harper: Bigamy is against the law. If your marriage to both women becomes
known, it could mean jail time.
Julian: Well, I'd rather go to jail for bigamy than killing my own sister.
Harper: Well, you have a point.
Julian: On the other hand, if Luis finds out I married his baby sister, he'll
kill me without asking any questions -- that is, if Rebecca hasn't already shot
me. It's better than the electric chair. I'll take my chances with bigamy.
Sheridan: Maybe that's the reason I can't remember any more than I have. I
don't want to remember because I have nothing to go back to, and maybe I was so
devastated over losing this man that I tried to take my own life.
Brian: I don't think so.
Sheridan: Why not?
Brian: Because you have too much spirit. Look, if you would have wanted to
die, you had ample opportunity to do so before and after I fished you out of the
sea. So, no. I think you loved your life, even if you did suffer a great loss.
Sheridan: I guess I'll never know.
Brian: You know, maybe you don't realize it, Diana, but you're not much
different than the people you've met here on this island.
Sheridan: You all know who you are, where you've been.
Brian: Yeah. But all of us -- me, Liz, Doc -- even though we all come from
different places, we all kind of ended up here the same way -- leaving our past
far behind us. See, you -- you didn't have that choice. Take my word for it --
it's not a bad place to start over. We take care of each other here, Diana. And
we'll take care of you, too. At times you may feel lost, but you're never going
to feel alone again, not ever.
Beth: Hey.
Hank: Hey. Two cups your high octane.
Beth: Ok. How you doing, Luis?
Luis: I'm ok. Thanks for asking.
Beth: Don't forget what I said, ok?
Luis: I won’t. I'll call you if I need anything.
Beth: Ok.
Hank: This guy has a thing for getting on the Bennett brothers' nerves.
Luis: Well, Hank, let it go. Hastings has got as much right to be here as
anyone.
Beth: Hey, I’ll have that order ready for you in just a minute, ok?
David: Thanks when I get back.
Beth: It's really nice that you're helping out Sam and Grace with their new
house.
David: Yeah, it's not a big deal. I don't mean to interrupt --
Hank: Then don't.
Luis: Hank.
David: We don’t really know each other, but I heard about what happened to
your fiancée, and I wanted to say how sorry I am.
Luis: Well, thanks.
David: I just want to say that I’ve been in a similar circumstance. I was
sure I’d lost someone I loved, but I never gave up hope. And I ended up finding
her.
Luis: That's what I'm telling you, Hank -- miracles do happen.
Hank: So says St. David.
Luis: Look, bro, I know you've got a problem with this Hastings guy. But I'm
telling you, he seems all right to me.
Hank: That's my point. Everything about the guy is so damn above reproach.
Too good to be true, if you ask me. You know, something keeps nagging at me.
David knew that Grace had gone to Boston. If he really tried to look for her,
why couldn't he find her? But when Sam rescued Grace from the fire and realized
she had amnesia, he and the police turned New England inside out looking for
someone who knew her. Where was David then?
Sam: Grace, I thought we resolved all this. Ivy isn't the love of my life.
You are.
Grace: Well, does she know that?
Sam: Of course she does. Why would you even ask?
Grace: I keep remembering what you said to her in the hospital.
Sam: Ivy was fighting for her life. Eve asked me to talk to her to try to
give her a reason to come out of her coma.
Grace: I guess I'm still insecure about Ivy, like you are about David.
Sam: I didn't realize it was still so difficult.
Grace: I'm just trying to be completely honest, Sam. I think as long as we're
honest, we'll be ok. That's the key. Complete honesty. No secrets. As long as we
do that, no one will ever be able to come between us.
Sam: I love you.
Grace: Yeah. I know.
Sam: If honesty is the key to us staying together, then we don't have any
problem. Ivy is out of my life forever. You can take that to the bank. I'll
never give you another reason to feel insecure.
Grace: Thank you.
Sam: But it's got to go both ways. Can you do the same? Can you tell me that
David is out of your life forever?
Grace: I don't know if I can do that, Sam. Ok, it's not what you think. I
don't love David. It's just he's the only link I have to my past. Sam, he can
tell me things that I’ve wanted to know about myself for so long.
Sam: If he understands that you love me, then why does he keep hanging
around, refusing to leave Harmony?
Grace: You know, maybe he just needs some time to deal with his own feelings.
I mean, at least we can give him that.
Sam: It's just the way that you keep seeing his side -- as if you don't want
him to leave, as if you don't mind if he stuck around here in Harmony forever.
Grace: Well, maybe you're right, Sam. Maybe I don't want him to leave.
Ivy: Well, you talk to me after you've been first lady of the empire for a
month. See how your feet feel after your 15th charity luncheon in spike heels.
Tell me how you like smiling at everyone you see, remembering all their names
and what they want from you and who has the real power.
Rebecca: Oh, I'll know who has the real power. I will.
Ivy: Well, don't say I didn't warn you. My God, Julian. You look worse than
usual. What's wrong? Is one of your dirty little secrets about to be exposed?
Luis: Thanks. Hank, there's any number of reasons to explain why David didn't
track down Grace in Boston after they got separated. Look, maybe he was out of
the country on a photo shoot and by the time he got back, Grace was already
gone. Have recognized his description of her and led David to Sam?&nbsp; Boston's a
big place. That was over 20 years ago, and not everyone had a computer back
then.
Hank: Still, something about this whole scenario stinks.
Beth: No!
Luis: I hope Beth’s ok.
Hank: You check it out. I got to run.
Luis: What's wrong?
Beth: No. Please tell me that this is a mistake.
Theresa: You'll see, Whitney. Julian will get the annulment before anyone
else ever realizes that he and I were married.
Whitney: Now, are you sure that Ivy bought your story about why you signed
those annulment papers?
Theresa: Absolutely. She bought the whole thing, hook, line, and sinker.
Besides, she's got her hands full fighting Julian on his divorce. So there's no
way that she has any time to snoop around in my business.
Whitney: Well, I just hope you're right because if she does, you're going to
lose everything you ever wanted.
Julian: I'm not the least bit upset. I just have a lot of things on my mind
-- like a crippled ex-wife from Hell charging around my home in a motorized
wheelchair.
Ivy: No, no, no, I'm not buying that, Julian. You're as nervous as an alley
cat.
Julian: I have a lot of business concerns on my mind.
Ivy: Oh, no doubt you do. Which is why I keep thinking about your extended
stay in Bermuda. No doubt you accomplished a great deal down there -- aside from
our island divorce.
Rebecca: Back off, Ivy. I will not have you upsetting my future husband.
Ivy: Go ahead and marry him, Rebecca. You'll find out soon enough that things
aren't quite the way you thought they'd be. I wonder how long it will take you
to realize you can't trust one word that comes out of Julian's mouth.
Rebecca: Lovebug and I have no secrets. We share everything.
Ivy: What? Did he toss you a bone and tell you one of his itty-bitty secrets
so that you would feel like he was taking you into his confidence? Mark my word,
Rebecca, there's a lot more where that came from. If I were you, I'd watch my
back. You don't want to get caught in Julian's crossfire.
Rebecca: You don't suppose she knows you killed Sheridan, do you?
Julian: Well, of course not. She couldn't.
Sam: You don't want him to leave?
Grace: Eventually, but I'd like for him to stay around long enough for me to
find out something about my past. I mean, surely you can be patient enough of me
to do that. Look, Sam, he's an important photographer. I'm sure he's going to
have to go back to work. But please don't make me cut off the only connection I
have to my past. Please.
Sam: If that's what you want, then I won't.
Grace: Hey, you know, it's not like he's some kind of monster sent here to
tear me away from you and my family. I know it's a difficult situation. David's
an open book. You know, I think one day we're going look back on all of this and
see it as a positive experience. You'll see.
Luis: Beth, what is it? Is there anything I can do?
Beth: No, Luis. There isn't anything anybody can do.
Hank: I don't buy Luis' explanation. After Sam rescued Grace, she spent time
in major Boston hospital under her first name. If David had really tried to find
her, he would have been able to.
Sheridan: So you think I fit in around here, huh?
Brian: Fit in? But you've only been here a short time, and I can already tell
that you're one of us.
Sheridan: Why, because I'm stuck here, because I have no place to go?
Brian: Like I said, this is not a bad place to be stranded. In fact, I have
been officially appointed by the travel council to offer you a permanent
position here on the island with us, the island of people who have no one else
and nowhere else to go.
Sheridan: Well, then it is my pleasure to accept your invitation.
Brian: Well, then its official. You are one of us.
Sheridan: Thank you -- I think.
Brian: You're welcome -- I think.
Liz's voice: Careful, Brian. You're playing with fire.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading


















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 4.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Wednesday 10/24/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
 Wednesday
10/24/01--Thursday 10/25/01 USA
 By Stephanie&nbsp;
&nbsp;


Brian: You feeling better?
Sheridan: Trying. The last thing anyone around here needs is me feeling sorry
for myself.
Liz: It must be rough not remembering anything about yourself.
Sheridan: I'm so grateful to you and Brian. I mean, I couldn't have asked to
have been rescued by nicer, more generous people.
Liz: Oh. Well, don't look at me. Brian's the one that fished you out of the
sea.
Sheridan: You've been great, too, Liz. I mean, if ever I get home, wherever
that is, I won't ever forget what you've done for me.
Liz: Oh, don't mention it.
Sheridan: I just wish that I hadn't remembered the man I was in love with.
Liz: Why is that?
Sheridan: Because it makes it harder to realize that he's never going to come
looking for me.
Liz: Are you sure he's dead?
Sheridan: It's the one clear memory that I have. I can picture him, dying in
my arms. Whoever he was, I've lost him.
************************************************************************
Hank: What kind of weirdo strolls in town claiming to be grace's real
husband, then hangs out by volunteering to work on Sam and grace's new house?
Luis: Hank, forget about it. All right? It's between them. Besides, from what
Sam says, this guy's story checks out.
Hank: I don't care what checks out. It doesn't set right with me. Sam and
grace have been through enough. I wish to hell this guy had never shown up.
**********************************************************************
Sam: Grace. What are you doing?
Grace: Well -- Sam, he waved at me. I mean, I didn't want to be rude,
especially when he's working on our new house. You don't even want me to talk to
him, do you?
Sam: That's up to you. But I do have a question for you. David claimed that
you felt something when he kissed you, that he felt it in his heart. Did you,
grace? Did kissing David bring back old memories, old feelings?
******************************************************************
Ethan: You know, I left our wedding paperwork in the kitchen. We'll be right
back.
Chad: I mean, Theresa can't sign a new marriage license application when
she's already married to Julian.
Whitney: Well, look, I'm just hoping that she threw Ivy and Gwen’s mother
off when she said that she &quot;accidentally&quot; signed Julian's annulment
papers. Now, all he has to do is get another set of papers filed, and then his
marriage to Theresa can be dissolved and no else ever has to find out about
this.
Chad: Well, you know, Whitney, that's a lot of hoping and wishing. And I
don't even want to think about what Ethan would do if he were to find out.
************************************************************************
Julian: I cannot believe that you tricked me into signing this marriage
license.
Rebecca: Well, I don't see any reason to wait, pookie, so our wedding is
tomorrow.
Julian: Hmm -- but --
Rebecca: No buts! Told you I spoke to that judge that's a friend of mine and
he got rid of all that messy red tape.
Julian: But I -- but we can't. Ivy's contesting the divorce.
Rebecca: Well, it doesn't matter. You see, I hired an attorney of my own, and
he said that as far as the courts are concerned, you are divorced. There is
nothing standing in our way. So by this time tomorrow, I will be the second Mrs.
Julian Crane. Oh! Isn't it wonderful?
***********************************************************************
Ivy: Something went on between Julian and Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald in
Bermuda. And I want you to find out what it was. There were annulment papers on
Julian's desk downstairs, and Theresa’s signature was on them.
Jerry: Her signature?
Ivy: Yes. She claimed she signed them by accident, but I’m not so sure.
Jerry: Then you think Mr. Crane and the young lady could be married?
Ivy: Oh. Wait. No, that's absurd, even for Julian, but they are hiding
something. And I think my son, Ethan, deserves to know what it is before he
makes the colossal mistake of taking Theresa as his bride. I want you to find
out what Julian and Theresa’s secret is, and I don't want you to come back
until you do.
************************************************************************
Sam: Grace, you didn't answer my question. Did David’s kiss stir up some
old memories? Do you remember being married to him now?
Grace: No, Sam, I don't remember, and I didn't feel anything when he kissed
me.
Sam: Well, something is different. I can tell. Now, grace, what does this guy
mean to you?
Grace: Sam, he's my first husband. I mean -- he's my legal husband. That
doesn't mean you have to hate him.
Sam: Look, I don't hate him. But I'm not going to stand by and let this guy
try to take you away from me and our family.
Grace: He knows he can't because I made it perfectly clear to him that I want
him to move on with his life without me. Sam, I love you. And in my heart, you
are my husband, not David. But, you know, that doesn't mean we can't be civil or
even nice. And he's just doing what we would hope any man who had lost his wife
would do.
Sam: Maybe.
Grace: You did everything you could to prove that he was making this up, and
you couldn't. So if this is true and we know that it is, then he must be decent
because I wouldn't have married him, I wouldn't have fallen in love with him if
he wasn't.
**********************************************************************
Ivy: Well, I'm afraid Julian has frozen my assets, but this should finance
your trip.
Jerry: Oh, I'm sure it'll more than cover all my expenses, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Well, I'm going to fight this so-called divorce of Julian's, whatever it
takes. And if I protect my son in the process, then the cost is more than worth
it.
Jerry: I'll call you when I get to Bermuda.
Ivy: Well, it's a small island. It shouldn't take you too long to figure out
what Julian and Theresa have been hiding. Thank you. You can go.
Ivy: If I am right, Theresa, and you are hiding something from me and from
Ethan, I'm going to fill your life with more pain than any pill can ever take
away.
**********************************************************************
Ethan: So, why don't you look through the rest of this paperwork and I'll
finish filling out the new marriage license application.
Theresa: Sure.
Whitney: You know, I really appreciate you not blowing the whistle on
Theresa.
Chad: &quot;Blowing the whistle&quot;? I call it more like detonating an atom
bomb. You know, Ethan would completely lose it if he ever found out that Theresa
and Julian were married. And if Julian ever copped to the fact that he and
Theresa spent the night together --
Whitney: If only Theresa hadn't been drunk.
Chad: And that's supposed to make it all right? Come on, Whitney, get real.
This is serious. And we don't even know how many people at this point suspect or
know about this. I mean, take Gwen’s mom, for example. I mean, if she keeps
pushing Julian to get married, then Theresa’s marriage to Julian is bound to
come out. And that's it. Everybody's lives will just go up in smoke.
*********************************************************************
Julian: But, dumpling, if we get married tomorrow, we won't have time to plan
a proper ceremony. What about the wedding of your dreams?
Rebecca: Oh, well, my only dream is to marry you sooner as opposed to later.
Do you he a problem with that, pookie?
Julian: Oh, no, lovey. I'm counting the milliseconds until you're legally
mine. It's just that what you're proposing seems a bit hasty, unnecessarily
precipitous. It --
Rebecca: Tomorrow, Julian.
We are getting married tomorrow. I am not about to wait for Ivy to stop
contesting the divorce. Now, she'll be dragging those big paralyzed feet of hers
forever. No, and if there's going to be a legal battle, I am going to fight it
as Mrs. Julian Crane. It'll give me much more credibility in the courtroom.
Julian: Ahem. But I really don't see --
Rebecca: Is there something you're not telling me, Julian?
Julian: Oh, nothing, sugar plum. You know everything about me.
Rebecca: Hmm. You certainly are acting very peculiar.
Julian: Mm-hmm.
Rebecca: First, I thought it must be about your sister's passing, but then
the -- we both know it couldn't be about that. And then you've been even more
nervous ever since you got home. I thought that you were going to have a
coronary when Ivy saw Theresa’s name on those annulment papers of yours.
Julian: Theresa already explained that. She didn't realize what she was
signing.
Rebecca: Yes, you both hastened to explain that. That isn't why you're
stalling about marrying me, is it, Julian?
Julian: No.
Rebecca: Are you married to Theresa?
************************************************************************
Ethan: You know, I can't believe they're making us fill out a new marriage
license application.
[Ethan sighs]
Ethan: But I guess this is the last time I'm going to do it, so I guess I can
push on through it.
Chad: You know what, man? I never seen one of those things. Let me take a
look.
Whitney: Ok, Theresa, just how are you going to sign a new application when
you're already married to Julian?
Theresa: Whit, that is the least of my problems. Ok, hopefully Julian is
working on a new set of annulment papers, so it shouldn't be long before I can
marry Ethan legally.
Whitney: I really hate to be the one to mention to you, Theresa, but so far,
everything you've hoped for has backfired. What makes you think this annulment's
going to go rough in time?
Theresa: Because Rebecca won't let up on Julian to marry her. Ok, even if he
didn't want to rush things for me, he has to to save his own neck. So, once
Julian gets a new set of annulment papers, I will sign them, Julian will have
them filed, and Ethan will never know that I married Julian and slept with him.
********************************************************************
Julian: Me, married to Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald? Oh, you can't be serious.
Rebecca: Hmm. Do I look like I’m kidding?
Julian: Ahem. I thought we'd put that ridiculous hypothesis to rest.
Rebecca: Oh, yes, because Theresa said that she didn't know what she was
signing. Why should I believe any word out of that little tart's mouth?
Julian: Well, I won't argue with you there. The girl's clearly pathological.
But in this case, she is telling the truth. She thought she was signing a loan
agreement. I mean, for heaven's sakes, she even produced the check that I wrote
to help Ethan start his own law practice. Do you honestly think that there's
enough alcohol in the world to induce me to marry someone of her ilk?
Rebecca: Well --
Julian: Besides -- hmm? Aren't you my one and only lovey-dovey oodle-poodle,
hmm?
Rebecca: Well, I thought I was.
Julian: Well, rest assured, you are. You are my own little sex Goddess. I
wouldn't dream of marrying anyone else.
Rebecca: Aw. Pookie, that's all I want to hear.
Julian: Mmm.
Rebecca: Besides, I would think that you would be just as anxious as I am to
make our relationship legal. Well, it's only my status as your wife that keeps
me from having to testify against you should -- well, should anyone ask any
questions about your sister's &quot;accidental&quot; death. Of course, if we
weren't married, well, then I’d be forced to tell everything I know -- you
know, tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help me
God. He did it! Julian Crane arranged for the murder of his only sibling, his
sister, Sheridan. You should have married me when I told you to, pookie.
[Julian whimpers]
Rebecca: Will you excuse me, pookie? I have a zillion calls to make. So much
to do, so little time.
Julian: Harper, it's me. Where in the hell are those new annulment papers?
Julian: Listen; if you don't want your life destroyed along with mine, you'll
get them to me right now!
**********************************************************************
Brian: Don't cry. Everything's going to work out.
Sheridan: You've got no idea how much I want to believe you, Brian. I just
don chance of that happening. I mean, every time I see the face of the man I
loved, I just feel sadder and -- you know, I didn't just lose him when he died.
I lost any chance that I had of before you found me at sea.
***********************************************************************
Luis: In some ways, I don't mind that this guy David came to town.
Hank: I thought you were on my brother's side.
Luis: You know I am. Sam means the world to me. It's just that this guy
finding the woman he loved and lost after all these years is proof that miracles
can happen.
Hank: Your story's a little different, buddy.
Luis: Why, because Sheridan's body was identified?
Hank: She was cremated, Luis.
Luis: Yeah. I'm not so sure it was Sheridan anymore.
Hank: Where's all this coming from? I thought you said yourself how futile it
was to hope that Sheridan survived. You even told the Bermuda police to stop
distributing that flier with her picture on it.
Luis: I know. I was just watching this guy David, and I’m realizing he had
faith for over 20 years that grace was out there somewhere. And why can't it
happen to me, too?
Hank: Clinging to a mighty thin thread if you're basing your hopes on
Hastings. Personally, I wouldn't bet my lunch money on anything that had to do
with him. I mean, what kind of guy, you know, spends his free time a house that
his wife plans to live in with another man? Nobody's that noble. I'm not getting
anywhere with this. Let's go get a cup of coffee.
Luis: Ok.
**********************************************************************
Sam: I keep thinking about what Luis said earlier down at the station, about
how each of us has only one really great love in a lifetime.
Grace: Yes, I guess he was talking about Sheridan.
Sam: He was, but I couldn't help but think about you and David. I mean, like
you said, you must have had strong enough feelings for this guy to marry him in
the first place. But what if -- what if you get your memory back and it turns
out that he is the great love of your life, grace?
Grace: Sam, I love you now, with every fiber of my being.
Sam: That's not what I asked.
Grace: Then I can't answer your question because I don't remember my life
before I met you -- unlike you with Ivy.
[Grace sighs]
Sam: Grace, where did that come from?
Grace: Sam, you brought it up. How many times have I heard you say you never
get over your first love? So does that mean you've never gotten over Ivy? Is she
the great love of your life?
Sam: I'll tell you exactly what I told Luis. Ivy's not the great love of my
life.
You are.
Grace: And are you sure about that?
Surer than anything else in this crazy world. I'm way past any feelings I
ever had for Ivy.
Grace: Then why can't you accept that you're the l e of my life? Why are you
so worried that I’m going to remember some old feelings I had for David?
Sam: Look, it's not you. It's the way this guy talks about you two. I mean,
he's so possessive, like he has a right to you, like he knows things about you
that I never could. And kissing you -- now, that was crossing the line, and he
knows it.
Grace: Sam, I know, and David explained that he was kissing me because he was
trying to jog my memory, and it didn't work. And I am so sorry that Kay had to
witness it and I'm so sorry that she had to tell you about it. But maybe now you
know how it felt every time I walked in on you kissing Ivy. It hurt, just like
it hurt you to find out that I kissed David. The difference is that David knows
he doesn't have a chance with me.
Sam: Grace, what are you saying?
Grace: Well, to be honest, I don't think that it's David that's a threat to
this relationship. It's Ivy.
************************************************************************
[Rebecca hums]
[Ivy chuckles]
Ivy: Hum all the wedding marches you like, Rebecca. It will be a cold day in
hell before you walk down the aisle with my husband.
Rebecca: Really? Oh. They're predicting lovely weather tomorrow. Julian
signed the marriage license. We're going ahead with the ceremony.
Ivy: Over my dead body.
Rebecca: Oh, Ivy, I think it's enough that you're paralyzed and in a
wheelchair. And my attorney says that you can contest this divorce from now
until kingdom come, but there is no reason why Julian cannot marry me
immediately.
Ivy: How little do you know? You know, being Mrs. Julian Crane comes with all
sorts of unexpected baggage, Rebecca. As my father used to say, &quot;be careful
what you ask for -- you might just get it.&quot;
************************************************************************
Chad: Anybody else want something to drink?
Theresa: I'm ok.
Ethan: I'm all right.
Theresa: Thanks.
Whitney: I'll take a soda.
Chad: All right.
Ethan: Ok, Theresa, it's your turn to sign the new marriage license
application.
Theresa: I'll be right there.
Whitney: Theresa, you cannot sign that. It's illegal.
Theresa: Whitney, will you cut it out? I told you there's nothing wrong with
me signing it. It's filing it that could get me into trouble.
Whitney: I don't know.
Theresa: Well, it doesn't matter because I don't have any other choice.
Ethan: Well, you better hurry, Theresa, unless you want me to forge your
signature. Sweetheart?
Theresa: Ok.
Mm-hmm, there.
Ethan: Great. Well, I think I'm going to run this down to the courthouse
right now. I've got a friend down there who can file this first thing in the
morning.
Theresa: No, you can't do that.
Ethan: Why not? Why don't you want our marriage license filed?
Theresa: It's not that I don't want you to file the marriage license. It's
just that I want to be there when you do it. And I can't take the time today,
what with trying to throw a whole new wedding together on the spur of the
moment, you know? Maybe tomorrow.
Ethan: Well, sure, if that's what you want. I mean, I guess it's my fault
anyway that we have to fill this out again. If I hadn't been such a jerk on the
day we were supposed to become husband and wife, probably be married right now.
You think you can forgive me for that?
************************************************************************
Julian: How the hell am I supposed to calm down when Rebecca has me over a
barrel about marrying her tomorrow? Must I remind my own attorney that I am
already married to at least one, perhaps two women? I feel like one of those
circus performers on a unicycle trying to keep a hundred plates in the air at
the same time.
Harper: Now, your getting upset won't help things. I already told you I’m
having a messenger bring over more annulment papers as soon as the office opens
in Bermuda.
Julian: That means my -- my annulment to Theresa can go through tomorrow?
Harper: I can't promise that.
Julian: For God's sake, Harper. Rebecca tricked me into signing that marriage
license, and she won't let up until she's my wife. I suppose I'll just -- just
have to play along, clean up this mess later.
Harper: Bigamy is against the law. If your marriage to both women becomes
known, it could mean jail time.
Julian: Well, I'd rather go to jail for bigamy than killing my own sister.
Harper: Well, you have a point.
Julian: On the other hand, if Luis finds out I married his baby sister, he'll
kill me without asking any questions -- that is, if Rebecca hasn't already shot
me. It's better than the electric chair. I'll take my chances with bigamy.
************************************************************************
Sheridan: Maybe that's the reason I can't remember any more than I have. I
don't want to remember because I have nothing to go back to, and maybe I was so
devastated over losing this man that I tried to take my own life.
Brian: I don't think so.
Sheridan: Why not?
Brian: Because you have too much spirit. Look, if you would have wanted to
die, you had ample opportunity to do so before and after I fished you out of the
sea. So, no. I think you loved your life, even if you did suffer a great loss.
Sheridan: I guess I'll never know.
Brian: You know, maybe you don't realize it, Diana, but you're not much
different than the people you've met here on this island.
Sheridan: You all know who you are, where you've been.
Brian: Yeah. But all of us -- me, Liz, doc -- even though we all come from
different places, we all kind of ended up here the same way -- leaving our past
far behind us. See, you -- you didn't have that choice. Take my word for it --
it's not a bad place to start over. We take care of each other here, Diana. And
we'll take care of you, too. At times you may feel lost, but you're never going
to feel alone again, not ever.
************************************************************************
Beth: Hey.
Hank: Hey. Two cups your high octane.
Beth: Ok. How you doing, Luis?
Luis: I'm ok. Thanks for asking.
Beth: Don't forget what I said, ok?
Luis: I won’t. I'll call you if I need anything.
Beth: Ok.
Hank: This guy has a thing for getting on the Bennett brothers' nerves.
Luis: Well, hank let it go. Hastings has got as much right to be here as
anyone.
Beth: Hey, I’ll have that order ready for you in just a minute, ok?
David: Thanks. I'm sure the crew will be happy to see me when I get back.
Beth: It's really nice that you're helping out Sam and grace with their new
house.
David: Yeah, it's not a big deal. I don't mean to interrupt --
Hank: Then don't.
Luis: Hank.
David: Listen, we don't even really know each other, but I he to say how
sorry I am.
Luis: Well, thanks. In a similar circumstance. I was sure I’d lost someone
I loved, but I never gave up hope. And I ended up finding her.
Luis: That's what I'm telling you, hank -- miracles do happen.
Hank: So says st. David.
Luis: Look, bro, I know you've got a problem with this Hastings guy. But I'm
telling you, he seems all right to me.
Hank: That's my point. Everything about the guy is so damn above reproach.
Too good to be true, if you ask me. You know, something keeps nagging at me.
David knew that grace had gone to Boston. If he really tried to look for her,
why couldn't he find her? But when Sam rescued grace from the fire and realized
she had amnesia, he and the police turned New England inside out looking for
someone who knew her. Where was David then?
**********************************************************************
Sam: Grace, I thought we resolved all this. Ivy isn't the love of my life.
You are.
Grace: Well, does she know that?
Sam: Of course she does. Why would you even ask?
Grace: I keep remembering what you said to her in the hospital.
Sam: Ivy was fighting for her life. Eve asked me to talk to her to try to
give her a reason to come out of her coma.
Grace: I guess I'm still insecure about Ivy, like you are about David.
Sam: I didn't realize it was still so difficult.
Grace: I'm just trying to be completely honest, Sam. I think as long as we're
honest, we'll be ok. That's the key. Complete honesty. No secrets. As long as we
do that, no one will ever be able to come between us.
Sam: I love you.
Grace: Yeah. I know.
Sam: If honesty is the key to us staying together, then we don't have any
problem. Ivy is out of my life forever. You can take that to the bank. I'll
never give you another reason to feel insecure.
Grace: Thank you.
Sam: But it's got to go both ways. Can you do the same? Can you tell me that
David is out of your life forever?
Grace: I don't know if I can do that, Sam. Ok, it's not what you think. I
don't love David. It's just he's the only link I have to my past. Sam, he can
tell me things that I’ve wanted to know about myself for so long.
Sam: If he understands that you love me, then why does he keep hanging
around, refusing to leave Harmony?
Grace: You know, maybe he just needs some time to deal with his own feelings.
I mean, at least we can give him that.
Sam: It's just the way that you keep seeing his side -- as if you don't want
him to leave, as if you don't mind if he stuck around here in Harmony forever.
Grace: Well, maybe you're right, Sam. Maybe I don't want him to leave.
***********************************************************************
Ivy: Well, you talk to me after you've been first lady of the empire for a
month. See how your feet feel after your 15th charity luncheon in spike heels.
Tell me how you like smiling at everyone you see, remembering all their names
and what they want from you and who has the real power.
Rebecca: Oh, I'll know who has the real power. I will.
Ivy: Well, don't say I didn't warn you. My God, Julian. You look worse than
usual. What's wrong? Is one of your dirty little secrets about to be exposed?
**********************************************************************
Luis: Thanks. Hank, there's any number of reasons to explain why David didn't
track down grace in Boston after they got separated. Look, maybe he was out of
the country on a photo shoot and by the time he got back, grace was already
gone.
Hank: But wouldn't someone have recognized his description of her and led
David to Sam?
Luis: You make it sound so easy. Boston's a big place. That was over 20 years
ago, and not everyone had a computer back then.
Hank: Still, something about this whole scenario stinks.
Beth: No!
Luis: I hope Beth’s ok.
Hank: You check it out. I got to run.
Luis: What's wrong?
Beth: No. Please tell me that this is a mistake.
************************************************************************
Theresa: You'll see, Whitney. Julian will get the annulment before anyone
else ever realizes that he and I were married.
Whitney: Now, are you sure that Ivy bought your story about why you signed
those annulment papers?
Theresa: Absolutely. She bought the whole thing, hook, line, and sinker.
Besides, she's got her hands full fighting Julian on his divorce. So there's no
way that she has any time to snoop around in my business.
Whitney: Well, I just hope you're right because if she does, you're going to
lose everything you ever wanted.
*********************************************************************
Julian: I'm not the least bit upset. I just have a lot of things on my mind
-- like a crippled ex-wife from hell charging around my home in a motorized
wheelchair.
Ivy: No, no, no, I'm not buying that, Julian. You're as nervous as an alley
cat.
Julian: I have a lot of business concerns on my mind.
Ivy: Oh, no doubt you do. Which is why I keep thinking about your extended
stay in Bermuda. No doubt you accomplished a great deal down there -- aside from
our island divorce.
Julian: What are you getting at, Ivy?
Ivy: Oh, I'm just marveling at the way you manage to keep all the balls in
the air.
Rebecca: Back off, Ivy. I will not have you upsetting my future husband.
Ivy: Go ahead and marry him, Rebecca. You'll find out soon enough that things
aren't quite the way you thought they'd be. I wonder how long it will take you
to realize you can't trust one word that comes out of Julian's mouth.
Rebecca: Lovebug and I have no secrets. We share everything.
Ivy: What? Did he toss you a bone and tell you one of his itty-bitty secrets
so that you would feel like he was taking you into his confidence? Mark my word,
Rebecca, there's a lot more where that came from. If I were you, I'd watch my
back. You don't want to get caught in Julian's crossfire.
Rebecca: You don't suppose she knows you killed Sheridan, do you?
Julian: Well, of course not. She couldn't.
*******************************************************************
Sam: You don't want him to leave?
Grace: Eventually, but I'd like for him to stay around long enough for me to
find out something about my past. I mean, surely you can be patient enough of me
to do that. Look, Sam, he's an important photographer. I'm sure he's going to
have to go back to work. But please don't make me cut off the only connection I
have to my past. Please.
Sam: If that's what you want, then I won't.
Grace: Hey, you know, it's not like he's some kind of monster sent here to
tear me away from you and my family. I know it's a difficult situation. David's
an open book. You know, I think one day we're going look back on all of this and
see it as a positive experience. You'll see.
*****************************************************************
Luis: Beth, what is it? Is there anything I can do?
Beth: No, Luis. There isn't anything anybody can do.
Hank: I don't buy Luis' explanation. After Sam rescued grace, she spent time
in major Boston hospital under her first name. If David had really tried to find
her, he would have been able to.
****************************************************************
Sheridan: So you think I fit in around here, huh?
Brian: Fit in? But you've only been here a short time, and I can already tell
that you're one of us.
Sheridan: Why, because I'm stuck here, because I have no place to go?
Brian: Like I said, this is not a bad place to be stranded. In fact, I have
been officially appointed by the travel council to offer you a permanent
position here on the island with us, the island of people who have no one else
and nowhere else to go.
Sheridan: Well, then it is my pleasure to accept your invitation.
Brian: Well, then it's official. You are one of us.
Sheridan: Thank you -- I think.
Brian: You're welcome -- I think.
Liz's voice: Careful, Brian. You're playing with fire.
**********************************************************************
Beth: Are you sure? No, I just can't believe it. It's horrible. All right.
Yeah, I understand.
Luis: Beth, what is it? What happened?
Beth: My worst nightmare, Luis.
Luis: Well, what's wrong? Is there anything I can do?
Beth: No. There isn't anything anyone can do. My dreams have just been
destroyed. So has my life.
**********************************************************************
Liz: So, what are you two so happy about?
Sheridan: Well, Brian and I just figured something out, Liz.
Liz: What's that?
Sheridan: That maybe I have amnesia and can't remember my life before I came
here because I have nothing to go back to.
Brian: So that makes her just like everyone else on the island -- no one and
nothing to go back to.
Sheridan: And that's why you all stay here and take care of each other.
Liz: Oh. I guess that's one way of explaining what we're all doing here.
Brian: So she's one of us now. Well, at least for as long as you want to be.
Sheridan: Thank you, Brian. Guess that will be for a long time. Hey, you
know, why don't I go make us some sandwiches?
Brian: You know, that'd be great.
Sheridan: If that's all right with you, Liz.
Liz: Sure. Make whatever you want. Ok, Brian. If Diana is now one of us, when
are you going to start paying her bills? You did say you'd take care of her,
didn't you?
Brian: Yes, I did, and I will.
Liz: When? I'm still waiting for you to take care of your own bills. So, how
do you plan to take care of Diana when you can't even take care of yourself?
************************************************************************
Theresa: I have a great idea. We should have a make-your-own-fajitas party.
Ethan: That sounds kind of cool. What do you guys think?
Whitney: Sounds great to me.
Chad: Yeah, I love Mexican food.
Whitney: Mm-hmm.
Ethan: Yeah, I think so.
Theresa: Cool.
Chad: Oh, want to stretch my legs. You know, this is killing me. I mean, just
watching Ethan so happy, planning for his wedding, and me knowing that
Theresa’s already married to Julian Crane. I mean, he's my best friend,
Whitney. I mean, I feel like a rat not telling him.
Whitney: Chad, come on, we already --
Chad: All right, I won't, don't worry.
Whitney: Thank you.
Chad: I won’t. I am not going to be the one to break up their relationship.
Whitney: You know, but I'm still kind of scared that their secret somehow is
going to come out anyway.
************************************************************************
Tabitha: Kay, Miguel, and charity are not the only ones in for some pain,
Timmy. Ethan and Theresa are absolutely primed for it.
Timmy: But Julian's trying to get his marriage to Theresa annulled, right,
princess?
Tabitha: Hmm, &quot;trying&quot; is the operative word. Things are not going
well for Julian. He just doesn't know it yet.
Timmy: Timmy's tired of waiting for all the pain and suffering to happen.
He's going to go home and make his Halloween martimmy mix.
Tabitha: Wait. There's plenty of time for that. Our goal now is to figure out
a way to get on to the Crane estate.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't want to go back there! He's afraid of Julian!
Tabitha: Oh, piddle. Julian will be far too busy to worry about you. Besides,
I have got to get back into Hecuba’s lair. I need some very special
ingredients to help Kay tear charity and Miguel apart.
Timmy: Can't Tabby go without Timmy?
Tabitha: What, and have you miss all the fun? I'd never dream of it. Now you
just get ready for a howling good time, Tim Tim, because tomorrow Julian won't
be able to keep his marriage to Theresa a secret no matter what he does. And
during all the commotion, you and I will slip away to Hecuba's lair. Julian will
be far too busy to notice us. He'll be saving his own skin. Come on, lad, let's
go.
***********************************************************************
Rebecca: Julian, you hurry up and make your phone calls so we can go. I want
you to run some errands with me.
Julian: Errands? I'm really too busy to run errands.
Rebecca: Julian, we are getting married tomorrow. There are invitations to
pick up, so many arrangements to make.
Julian: Can't you take care of it? I have some serious business problems to
handle here.
Rebecca: Well, what could be more important than keeping your pookie happy?
Or, well, I could go talk to the police and tell them about your extended stay
in Bermuda and your sister's untimely death.
Julian: How long are you going to threaten to expose the fact that I had
Sheridan killed?
Rebecca: Right up until the moment that you make me Mrs. Julian Crane.
Julian: Touché.
Rebecca: Good. Now, I’m going to go get the list and then we can go. Oh,
smile, pookie. Tomorrow is going to be the happiest day of your life.
Ivy: Jerry, it's Mrs. Crane. What have you found out?
Jerry: Got a couple of leads to follow up. Don't worry, I’ll come up with
something.
Ivy: Fabulous. I can't wait to find out what that little tramp Theresa and
Julian were doing down in Bermuda. I can't bear the thought of Ethan marrying
Theresa when I know that she is hiding something from him. And if you can find
out what it is, I can stop the marriage. And if I get something on Julian at the
same time, I can really put the screws to him in the divorce.
Jerry: Well, I'll do my best, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: I know you will. Let me know as soon as you have something on Julian and
Theresa. I can't wait to destroy them both.
**********************************************************************
Liz: Come on, Brian, I want to hear your plan. How do you plan to take care
of Diana’s bills and yours at the same time?
Brian: I said I’d take care of it and I will.
Liz: And I heard you and I still want to know how. You didn't go out fishing
again, so you didn't make a dime.
Sheridan: Hey, Liz? Do you have any cheese slices?
Liz: Oh, look in the bottom of the refrigerator.
Sheridan: Ok. Thanks.
Liz: Hey, you know, you need to eat more than a sandwich. You need fruits and
vegetables, too.
Sheridan: You're right. I'll make us a salad.
Brian: You know, Liz, you're nothing but an old softie, worrying about Diana
getting her fruits and vegetables. What –
Liz: No, I'm more more worried about you paying for those fruits and
vegetables. But I just thought of a way for you to get the money.
**************************************************************
Luis: Beth, what do you mean your life's been destroyed? What happened?
Beth: I just got such bad news.
Luis: About what?
Beth: My father's boat.
Luis: Right.
Beth: You know the one he used to sail down in the tropics? Well, when he
died, he left it to me.
Luis: I remember you telling me about the boat.
Beth: Yeah, well, since he died, I’ve been renting it out to make extra
money, you know, for my mom and me, and it's what's been keeping my mother
going. I've been trying to save every extra penny that I could.
Luis: Beth, so what went wrong?
Beth: Well, the agency that I hired to rent it out -- they called and they
said that some crooks had rented it out and they just never brought it back.
They just sailed it off, Luis.
Luis: They stole your boat?
*********************************************************************
Julian: Harper, I need those annulment papers now. Rebecca's insisting that
we get married tomorrow.
Harper: I'm doing everything I can to hurry things along, Julian.
Julian: Well, then you'll have to do more! I'm desperate!
Harper: I know, but I can't have those papers delivered from Bermuda to
Harmony until tomorrow. Can't you stall Rebecca?
Julian: She's too suspicious. As I said, if I have to marry her before the
papers arrive, so be it.
Harper: Marrying Rebecca before you're officially annulled is the craziest
idea you've ever had. Oh, except for marrying Theresa in the first place and
except for sleeping with her -- and, of course, except for having your sister
killed.
Julian: You just keep working on getting those annulment papers for Theresa
to sign.
Harper: As I said, they'll be here tomorrow as early as I can arrange it.
Meanwhile, I hope you're doing what you can, I mean, keeping the list of people
who know about you and Theresa to a minimum, there's no one who will tell,
right?
Julian: You would be wise to keep your mouth shut and do exactly as I say.
Henry: But I --
Julian: Nothing happened here last night. There was no wedding. Do you
understand me?
Henry: No, I --
Julian: Do you have any idea who I am?
Henry: Well, yes --
Julian: I am Julian Crane. My family owns this entire resort. I can have this
chapel put out of business just like that! So you damn well better do as I
order.
Henry: But what do you think --
Julian: No one can ever know that you performed a wedding ceremony last
night. As far as you're concerned, Theresa and I never married. It never
happened.
Henry: But --
Julian: No buts! No one who knows we married will say anything, I can assure
you of that.
Ivy: Let me know as soon as you know anything.
Jerry: Will do, Mrs. Crane. And I'll start by questioning the justice of the
peace.
Rebecca: Ivy. I didn't know that you were lurking about.
Ivy: Hardly lurking, Rebecca. I'm right here in plain sight.
Rebecca: Hmm. Well, I've been meaning to tell you that you shouldn't bother
coming to the wedding.
Ivy: Really?
Rebecca: Yes, I’m afraid your wheelchair clashes with my centerpieces. No
offence.
Ivy: None taken. But I was so looking forward to the wedding, Rebecca. I have
a present that I think you and Julian are really going to enjoy.
Rebecca: A present? Just what are you up to, Ivy Winthrop?
Ivy: It's Ivy Crane to you, Rebecca. And I'm not up to anything. No, I just
have someone out trying to find the present I want to give you and Julian. And
when he does, I think it's going to be one you'll never forget.
*******************************************************************
Luis: Did you report the theft to the police?
Beth: The agency did. But they're down there in tropics where the police have
to be bribed to do anything. I used up a lot of my savings just bribing the
police.
Luis: That kind of corruption makes me sick. There's got to be some other way
around it.
Beth: No, the agency said that there was no other way. Now I've not only lost
the income from the boat, I've lost the chance to buy back this cafe from the
Cranes. That's why I’ve been working so hard to save money.
Luis: I know it's always been a dream of yours.
Beth: Yeah. And I've just put everything into building up this -- this
business after, well --
Luis: After you and I broke up?
Beth: Yeah. Look, Luis, I'm not trying to make you feel sorry for me, ok? I
love this cafe and I’ve loved working hard here. Now it just seems like
another dream just died.
Tabitha: Look, Timmy. Luis is with Beth and she's crying. Pain and suffering
is already bursting forth all over Harmony.
Timmy: But how does that help tabby get into the Crane mansion?
Tabitha: It doesn't. But something will come along to get us in. I can feel
it.
Father Lonigan: I sense you, evil. I know you're there. I have no time for
you now. But one day you and I will do battle and, when we do, the forces of
evil will not be able to help you.
Tabitha: Oh, poppycock, you blind old fool. You want a piece of me? Well,
bring it on! I'm ready when you are.
[Tabitha scoffs]
********************************************************************
Theresa: Ok. I think the guest list is done, and mama is taking care of the
gifts for our attendants.
Ethan: Oh, good.
Theresa: So -- what's this one?
Ethan: Oh, that's mine.
Theresa: These are your wedding vows.
Ethan: You're not supposed to hear that before the ceremony.
Theresa: Too late. You really feel this way about me?
Ethan: Of course I do. I give you my heart and my soul, and I trust you with
them because you're the most honest and trustworthy woman in the world.
Chad: So who all knows about this secret again?
Whitney: Well -- ok, you and me, Julian, of course, the justice of the peace
who married them down in Bermuda, Julian's friend Bruce and Julian's lawyer,
Theresa’s mom, my mom, and -- oh, father Lonigan.
Chad: Damn, that's a whole lot of people to call it a secret.
Whitney: Well, but I don't any of them are going to tell anybody. I mean,
they're all going to want to protect either or Julian or Theresa.
Chad: Yeah, but what about father Lonigan? I mean, he's a priest. If somebody
asks him, he can't lie.
Whitney: I know, I know. Theresa said that he almost forced her to confess to
Ethan already.
Ethan: What are you two talking about so seriously?
Whitney: Oh, nothing. We're just talking.
Ethan: Well, then come over and help us plan the wedding.
Theresa: Yeah, we're planning the wedding party.
Ethan: Right.
Whitney: All right.
Chad: Yeah, let's do it.
Theresa: And you will be my maid of honor, of course.
Ethan: And, Chad, you're still going to be my best man, right?
Chad: Wouldn't miss it, brother.
Ethan: All right.
Whitney: Oh, are you still going to have Jessica and Kay in the wedding, too?
Theresa: Yeah, I don't see why not. Even though this wedding is smaller than
the last one, they are your half sisters.
Ethan: Definitely. And I want for Luis and Miguel to be our groomsmen. I want
my mother to be part of the ceremony, but I’m not sure that's going to happen
now.
Whitney: So she must still be pretty angry with Theresa.
Ethan: Yeah, she's not too happy with our getting married. She thinks
Theresa’s going to lie to me again. I'm sorry, Theresa. Look, don't be upset
about it. Look, once we're married, I'm going to convince my mother that she's
wrong. There's nothing to worry about.
Theresa: You think so?
Ethan: I know so. Look, my mother's going to realize that you did not send
that e-mail to the tabloid and that you will never keep a secret from me again.
Theresa: Ooh!
Timmy: Timmy wants to know what he and his princess are looking for,
wandering around like this.
Tabitha: I told you, Timmy, we're trying to find a way to get on to the Crane
estate to find a way to get back into Hecuba’s lair. Wait a minute. I've got
it. We'll just ask them!
Timmy: Ask who?
Tabitha: Well, the forces, of course. Well, I bet they'll find a way. They'll
give us what we need.
[Tabitha chants]
Tabitha: Great forces with all the power, find us the way to go to Hecuba’s
lair buried deep below.
[Tabitha chants]
********************************************************************
Brian: So what's this all about, Liz?
Liz: Well, I thought you could do this as a favor for me. As you can see,
this tub needs a little work, but your handy. I know you'll have her shipshape
in no time.
Brian: So you want me to fix this boat up as a favor?
Liz: If you get my drift.
Brian: Yeah. Yeah, I think I do.
Liz: And I'm sure you'll have a good time, too.
Brian: So did you hear that, Diana? Liz wants me to get this vessel back into
sailing shape.
Sheridan: Really? Can I help?
Brian: Yeah, sure, if you want to.
Sheridan: I do. I think it'll be fun.
Liz: Great idea. Ok, I'll leave you two.
Brian: Well, no time like the present. Let's get to work.
Sheridan: Ok.
**********************************************************************
Luis: I don't understand. You said this happened about three months ago.
Beth: That's when the crooks stole my boat.
Luis: Well, then what was the phone call about that got you so upset?
Beth: It was about another call I got about three weeks ago that my boat had
been found.
Luis: Well, found. That's great news, isn't it?
Beth: Not really. I couldn't take off work to go and get it. So the agency
said if I sent them some money that they could hire someone to sail it back to
Harmony for me. So I sent the rest of my savings down there. The call that I
just got was the agency telling me that the man they hired to sail it back just
disappeared with all my money. I don't have anything left, Luis. I mean, I just
-- I don't know what I’m going to do.
************************************************************************
Rebecca: I'm ready. Let's go.
Julian: Are you -- are you sure you can't run these errands on your own?
Rebecca: Well, there's so much to be done. I mean, I have to check on the
invitations, I have to look at the cake, and I have to make sure the flowers are
right. I can't do it all on my own. Or do I have to get mean?
Julian: All right, I’ll go, but that doesn't mean I have to like it.
Rebecca: Aw. My poor, grumpy pookie. Aw. Pookie, you know you're going to
hate running all these errands, but I promise you, you will love your wedding
night.
Julian: I will?
Rebecca: Oh, yes. See, I won't be spending my wedding night with another man
the way Ivy did. I'll be right by you all night long.
Rebecca: So come along, pookie.
Julian: Unfortunately, I'd rather my wife, Theresa, were with me all night
long.
*****************************************************************
Ethan: Father Lonigan. It's Ethan. Here, come on in.
Father Lonigan: Thank you, Ethan.
Ethan: Mm-hmm. Well, you're just the man I wanted to see. Theresa, it's
father Lonigan.
Theresa: Hi, father. Whitney and Chad are here, too.
Whitney: Hello, father.
Chad: Hey.
Father Lonigan: Good evening, children.
Ethan: You know, I was going to call you today. I want to set up a date for
our marriage.
Father Lonigan: I'm sorry, Ethan, I thought I made it clear I can't marry you
and Theresa.
Ethan: But you said once we got all our affairs in order that you could marry
us.
Father Lonigan: And are your affairs in order?
Ethan: Yes, we filled out the new marriage license application. I'm going to
file it tomorrow, so we're all set.
**********************************************************************
Beth: Thanks.
Luis: So, Beth, this guy they paid to sail your boat back -- did he take off
with it?
Beth: No. It's still sitting down there waiting for someone to come and get
it.
Luis: Well, then it's not all bad news. You still got your boat.
Beth: And what good does it do me? I can't afford to take off work and go get
it.
Luis: No, but I can.
Beth: What?
Luis: I just got a great idea. You know, Sam’s been trying to get me to
take time off of work, so why don't I go down and get your boat?
Beth: No, Luis, I can't ask you to do that. I mean, I don't even have any
money to pay you.
Luis: Well, who said anything about money? Look, this might be just what I
need to get over losing Sheridan. You know, time to clear my head, out there by
myself, alone on the sea.
Beth: Luis, I can't let you do it. I won't help. It's only going to hurt you.
Luis: Hurt me? Why?
Beth: Because the boat is in the worst possible place for you to go. It's on
an island near Bermuda, where you lost Sheridan.
*******************************************************************
Brian: Diana, what is it? Are you all right?
Sheridan: Yeah, I'm fine. Doc said I would have memory flashes from time to
time.
Brian: And you just had one?
Sheridan: Yeah.
Brian: Well, I'm going to go down into the galley and see if we should start
down there or start on deck, so come on.
Sheridan: Thanks.
Sheridan: Why did I have a memory flash just now? Must have something to do
with seeing this boat.
Oh. Whoever he was, he did love me very much. So, so much.
**********************************************************************
[Tabitha chants]
Tabitha: Show me the way to Hecuba’s lair.
Timmy: Timmy thinks princess should give it up. It's not working.
Tabitha: Will you hush up, Timmy? Just is patient. It will work. Make me
invisible, as small as bait. Just get me onto the Crane estate!
Timmy: Princess is wasting her time.
[Tabitha chants]
Rebecca: Julian, would you hurry? You know, we have to get these invitations
to the messenger service tonight for our wedding service tomorrow.
Julian: I'm hurrying. I just don't see why one of the servants couldn't have
taken care of this.
[Tabitha chants]
Tabitha: Come in, come in! Come in! Can you hear me?
[Tabitha chants]
Rebecca: Ah! Oh!
Julian: Oh, my God! He's alive again.
**********************************************************************
Father Lonigan: Ethan, that's not what I --
Theresa: Father said that when the proper papers were filed that he would
marry us. Isn't that what you said, father? And by tomorrow, all the proper
papers will be filed. I promise.
Ethan: You know, I can't wait for the ceremony. This wedding is going to be
perfect.
Theresa: It's going to be perfect. I'm sorry, father. Mama is not home, but I
will tell her that you stopped by, ok?
Father Lonigan: Theresa, I'm disappointed in you. You still haven't been
honest. Ethan still doesn't know you're married to another man.
Theresa: I can't tell him, father. I will lose him for sure.
Father Lonigan: Theresa, a marriage built on secrets started with a lie is no
marriage at all. It's a sham. And poor Ethan thinks that I’m going to marry
the two of you. Theresa, I won't do it. I hope you know that. I will not be a
part of these lies and deceptions. Be honest with the man you love or your
future with him is doomed.
************************************************************************
Julian: I knew you were alive. Rebecca!
Rebecca: Oh, what happened?
Julian: Becca -- look. I told you the doll was alive. There he is, in living
color.
Rebecca: Oh, Julian, not the doll again.
Julian: He was just sitting there staring at me.
Rebecca: Julian, I'm the one who had this huge collision. I'm the one who
should be seeing things, not you.
Tabitha: Here. Oh, so sorry.
Rebecca: Why were you kneeling in the middle of the boardwalk, anyway?
Tabitha: Oh, well, I was looking for something I dropped. Oh! Found it.
Rebecca: Oh, no, Julian, would you look at the time? We're never going to get
these invitations to the messenger service on time.
Julian: Really? What a pity.
Rebecca: You know what -- let's go back to the house. I'm just going to give
the invitations to the servants to hand-deliver, ok? Come on, Julian.
Rebecca: Julian!
Julian: Coming.
Timmy: Can Timmy and Tabby go home now? Julian almost caught Timmy this time.
And the forces didn't help tabby at all. All they did was get tabby run over by
a crazy rich lady.
Tabitha: Oh, au contraire, Timmy. I got exactly what I was asking for. Voila!
Timmy: Tabby swiped one of the invitations?
Tabitha: Indeed I did, lad. Tomorrow we will be going to a wedding, and it is
on the Crane estate and we will be on our way to Hecuba’s lair.
*********************************************************************
Luis: No, you're wrong. I can do it, Beth. I can go down there and get your
boat.
Beth: Luis, I saw the look on your face when I said it was in Bermuda. It'll
just bring back all the memories of your time there with Sheridan. I can't let
you go through that kind of pain.
Sheridan: We have enough time, all day.
Luis: We have the rest of our lives.
Sheridan: Hmm. Will I ever feel love like that again? Maybe I can't remember
his name because of his death. It -- it would be too painful.
Sheridan: I'll never remember who he is or my life. I will never feel love
like that again.
*******************************************************************
Ethan: The only that could come between Theresa and me is if she told me
another lie. She made that mistake, but, you know, we promised one another that
we would have no secrets between us.
Whitney: Theresa, what are you going to do?
Theresa: I don't know. I mean, father Lonigan said that he wouldn’t marry
us. He said a marriage based on a lie is doomed.
Whitney: Well, honey, what did you expect? He's a priest. Of course he's
going to refuse to be a part of a lie.
Theresa: I just hope that the annulment papers come through soon. And once I
sign them, I know that I can convince father Lonigan to marry us. I mean, once
Julian and I sign those annulment papers, everything will be perfect.
[Phone rings]
Jerry: Jerry here.
Ivy: It's me. How's it going?
Jerry: Well, I'm just about to talk to the justice of the peace.
Ivy: Well, go to it. Let me know what he has to say.
Jerry: Right.
Jerry: I've been looking for you.
Henry: You have? Why?
Jerry: Just want to ask you a few questions.
*********************************************************************
Beth: You see, I’m right, Luis. It would be too painful for you to go there
again. I just mentioned Bermuda and you take a nosedive.
Luis: Well, maybe I need to feel that kind of pain. You know, maybe it would
be a good opportunity to finally say good-bye to Sheridan, you know, stop
hoping, to -- to stop imagining that I’m ever going to see her again. Maybe
the peace of mind that I’m looking for is somewhere down there in those
tropical islands.
************************************************************************
Brian: Diana, I -- Diana, what is it? Are you having more memories?
Sheridan: He loved me. He loved me so much.
Brian: Who? Who loved you?
Sheridan: The man I keep seeing in my memories. I remember him and I remember
how much I loved him. And I'll never see him again.
********************************************************************
Tabitha: The forces came through for us, Timmy. We have our invitation to
Julian and Rebecca’s wedding, thus our entree to Hecuba’s lair.
Timmy: Timmy's impressed.
Tabitha: Timmy should be impressed. Secrets are going to be revealed and pain
is going to run like water. When Rebecca and Ivy and Ethan find out that Julian
and Theresa are married -- ooh-la-la, what fun! And during the commotion, you
and I will slip away into Hecuba’s lair and I will get everything I need.
Timmy: Timmy guesses it'll be a long day.
Tabitha: Yes, so we'd better synchronize our watches, lad. We don't want to
miss a second of the wedding that will rock Harmony to its core. Ha-ha. Right
on.
********************************************************************
Whitney: You seem to think that once you sign those annulment papers that
everything's going to be fine, but you're still going to be lying to Ethan. And
you should know by now that nothing ever goes as planned.
Theresa: Whitney, everything has to go as planned. If it doesn't, I will lose
Ethan forever.
Ethan: Here you go.
Theresa: Thank you.
Whitney: Hey, guys.
************************************************************************
Julian: Rebecca, listen to me -- that doll was alive.
Rebecca: Would you stop talking about that damn doll? It is late and I have
so much to do for our wedding tomorrow.
Julian: But you must believe me.
Rebecca: Enough!
Ivy: My, my, my. Trouble in paradise?
Rebecca: Not at all. Everything is just fine.
Ivy: Julian, Harper called you. He wants you to call him back right away.
Julian: Thank you.
Ivy: Are those your wedding invitations?
Rebecca: Yes. But don't worry, as I said, you won't be needing one.
Julian: Harper, it's me. What is it?
Harper: I can't stop worrying about this situation. I keep thinking about how
many things could go wrong. What if Rebecca or Ethan, Luis or Ivy find out about
your marriage to Theresa before the wedding tomorrow? Any one of those four
people would happily kill you.
Julian: I told you, no one who knows is going to say anything. Pilar won't
tell. Neither will Theresa or her little friend Whitney. Don't worry; no one is
going to tell.
Rebecca: Don't you have something else to do other than sit there and watch
me? I know! Why don't you go work on that fantastic wedding present you have for
me and Julian?
Ivy: Yes, I could do that. And the more I think about it, the more perfect I
think it is for the two of you. Oh, it's going to be the talk of the wedding,
the talk of the town -- the talk of the world.
Rebecca: Must be some present.
Ivy: Oh, trust me, Rebecca; it's going to be explosive.
Henry: What do you want, if I may ask?
Jerry: It's about Julian Crane and Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald.
Henry: Ahem.

















  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;&nbsp;
 &nbsp;


















 Thursday 10/25/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 10/25/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Liz: So are you going to get to work on that boat today?
Brian: I said I would, Liz.
Liz: Good, because your tab here&#39;s getting bigger by the day.
Brian: And I will pay you what I owe you. Diana&#39;s tab, too.
Liz: Aren&#39;t you the gentleman.
Brian: Come on, Liz. Don&#39;t be mad at me. You know I hate it when you&#39;re mad
at me.
Liz: As if I could stay mad at you anyway. Well, I want you to know I know
why you&#39;re hanging around here this morning. You&#39;re hoping that you&#39;re lady
Diana will wake up in enough time to come have a cup of juice with you.
Brian: Well, actually I’m waiting on her because she&#39;s going to help me work
on the boat.
Liz: Hmm. Now, you know she&#39;s going to be more in the way than help. What
does a woman like that know about fixing a boat? I bet before the accident she
never went a day without a manicure.
Brian: Oh, come on, Liz.
Liz: Come on yourself! Do all men lose their senses when it comes to
beautiful women or just Irishmen?
Brian: She is beautiful, isn&#39;t she?
Liz: Brian, you are flying too close to the flame. I just don’t want to see
you get hurt.
Brian: Well, maybe I won’t.
Liz: You can play all imaginary games you want to, but she is never going to
be one of us. As tattered and as banged up as she was when you found her, you
can just tell by the way she carries herself she was born to money and class.
Brian: So? What if she was?
Liz: So even if her lover&#39;s dead, the she seems to think, are her people
missing her and wondering where she is. And, Brian, she is missing them, too. So
as soon as she gets her act together enough, she&#39;s going to sashay out of here
so fast you won&#39;t know what hit you. You&#39;re going to be left with nothing but a
big empty hole where your heart used to be.
Sheridan: Thank God you&#39;re here. I thought I&#39;d never see you again. I don&#39;t
know what happened. I got lost. It doesn&#39;t matter. You&#39;re here and we&#39;re
together, and I -- I love you so much. Wait a minute. This isn&#39;t right. You&#39;re
dead. I -- I remember you dying.
[Sheridan gasps]
Sheridan: It was only a dream. If only I could remember who he was, I know
I’d be able to remember everything else.

Luis: Check in on Beth for me while I&#39;m gone, will you?
Hank: Where are you going?
Luis: Sam told me I could take a short leave of absence.
Hank: Well, I asked you where you&#39;re going, Luis.
Luis: Uh -- Bermuda.
Hank: For God&#39;s sake, man. I thought we talked about this.
Luis: Hank, this has nothing to do with Sheridan. You remember that phone
call that Beth got yesterday before you took off?
Hank: She seemed upset. What was it?
Luis: Oh, it&#39;s a long story. A boat that Beth owns, used to belong to her
father, was ripped off.
Hank: What does that have to do with Bermuda?
Luis: It&#39;s docked at an island down near there. Beth needs someone to bring
it back so she can sell it so she can try and buy this place back from the
Cranes.
Luis: Well, Beth and I are still friends.
Hank: Don&#39;t you know by now that you can&#39;t scam a scam artist? You
volunteered to make the trip because of Sheridan. You can&#39;t get it out of your
head that somehow she survived the un-survivable. And you think by going back
down there, you&#39;re going to find her. Am I right or am I right?

[Theresa screams]
Ethan: Theresa -- what&#39;s wrong?
Theresa: Ethan?
Ethan: Yeah, of course it&#39;s me. Who else would it be?
Ivy: We know, Julian. We know you married Theresa.
Ethan: You slept with my fiancée.
Luis: You! You defiled my sister.
Ivy: Pig!
Ethan: I&#39;ll kill you for what you&#39;ve done!
Luis: After me!
Ivy: I say we rip his eyes out so he can never look at another young girl
again!
Ethan and Luis: Ah!
Julian: No!
Rebecca: What -- what is it?
Julian: Oh -- oh. I can&#39;t see. They tore out my eyes! I&#39;m blind!

Ivy: Don&#39;t keep me in suspense, Jerry. I am paying you an arm and a leg to
find out what went on between Theresa and Julian in that island resort. Now,
what did you elicit from the Justice of the Peace?
Jerry: It&#39;s more what he didn&#39;t say, Mrs. Crane. When I asked him about your
husband and Miss Lopez Fitzgerald, he suddenly got very nervous, closed up like
a turtle in its shell.
Ivy: Did he? Well, now all we have to do is find out why.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life

Liz: Look, Brian, I am not telling you anything you don&#39;t already know. Diana
has another life somewhere. And when she remembers it, she&#39;s going to want to go
back to it -- and to the people who are in it.
Brian: Yeah, but the most important person -- this guy who loved her -- she&#39;s
sure that he&#39;s dead, Liz.
Liz: Well, she thinks that because she&#39;s having these spotty memory flashes
here and there. But we don&#39;t know what really happened.
Brian: Ah, come on, he&#39;s got to be dead. If he weren&#39;t, he&#39;d be out here
combing the area looking for her. I know that if she were my girlfriend or my
wife, I wouldn&#39;t have given up that easily.
Liz: Well, maybe he thinks that she drowned in that hurricane. I don&#39;t know,
Brian. I don&#39;t have all the answers. I&#39;m just warning you.
[Brian sighs]
Liz: You&#39;re setting yourself up for a major fall.
Brian: Morning. How did you sleep?
Sheridan: I -- actually, Liz: The one that you think died.
Sheridan: Only in my dream he was alive. He was holding me in his arms, and I
felt so safe. Only it&#39;s just a dream. He&#39;s gone, along with any chance that I
had of finding out who I am.

Hank: Admit it, the real reason you&#39;re going back down to Bermuda is to look
for Sheridan.
Luis: Hank, I&#39;m not going to deny that I was hoping for a miracle. You know,
it all started when I found that rose on my desk. I thought for sure that it was
a sign from Sheridan that she was still alive. And then David Hastings
returning, finding grace after all these years.
Hank: You know how I feel about that.
Luis: Right. Just because a miracle is handed out to him, it doesn&#39;t mean
that the man upstairs is handing them out to everyone. And now I know that Beth
is the one who gave me the rose. So, no, I&#39;m not expecting to see Sheridan
again. I know that she&#39;s gone.
Hank: So -- so why go anywhere near Bermuda so soon? You&#39;re going to only
dredge up painful memories.
Luis: Well, maybe that&#39;s not such a bad thing. Maybe I need to work through
that pain before I move on. Maybe I need to -- to put those ghosts to rest
before I get on with my life. Maybe that&#39;s what she would have wanted.

Ethan: Theresa, who did you think I was? I mean, who else would be kissing
you first thing in the morning?
Theresa: No! No one. I -- was so deep in my sleep that you startled me,
honey.
Ethan: You ok now?
Theresa: Yes.
Ethan: You seem really disoriented.
Theresa: I -- I’m fine. I&#39;m fine, I am. I&#39;m so sorry that I knocked the tray
all over the floor.
Ethan: No, don&#39;t worry about it. I -- this is unbelievable.
Theresa: What is it?
Ethan: My ex-father is marrying Rebecca today.
Theresa: Well, he can&#39;t. He&#39;s already married -- to your -- to your mother,
Ethan. Um -- how can Julian marry Rebecca when -- when your mother&#39;s in the
middle of contesting his divorce from her?
Ethan: He&#39;s got a lot of nerve. I think I&#39;d better head over to my mother&#39;s
house, see how she&#39;s holding up. You want to come with me?
Theresa: Um -- that&#39;s all right, Ethan. Um -- you should go by yourself.
Ethan: You&#39;re still uncomfortable around her, aren&#39;t you?
Theresa: You blame me?
Ethan: No. I mean, not really. But I&#39;m going to talk to her again. You know,
I don&#39;t want bad blood between the two women I love most in this world. But
just, you know, be patient with her for now. She&#39;s gone through a lot.
Theresa: It must be terrible to be trapped in a wheelchair for who knows how
long.
Ethan: Not to mention sitting back and watching her former friend Rebecca
marry the man she still considers herself married to.
Theresa: I mean, is there any way you can stop the wedding from taking place?
Ethan: Well, we&#39;ll see. I mean, I got to start working fast, you know? I&#39;ve
got to find out if Julian’s Bermuda divorce can hold up in a Harmony court.
Theresa: And if it doesn&#39;t?
Ethan: Mother and I are still going to have to go up against Harper and his
battery of Crane lawyers that are paid to do Julian’s bidding.
Theresa: So, are divorces and annulments and things alike?
Ethan: Hmm, what do you mean?
Theresa: Well, I mean, I was just, you know, just wondering. If the two
people involved want their personal business private, can they do that?
Ethan: Yeah, sure. I mean, it&#39;s up to them. Whatever they want.

Julian: I can&#39;t see! The vultures tore out my eyes!
Rebecca: Julian, get a grip!
Julian: Oh, how can you be so harsh, woman? I&#39;ve lost my sight!
Rebecca: Oh, pookie, the only thing you may have lost is your alcohol-soaked
brain. You&#39;re wearing a blindfold.
Julian: What? Why on earth --
Rebecca: Well, as soon as you calm down, I&#39;ll explain.
Julian: Oh, thank God. I had the most graphically violent dreams. Oh! What&#39;s
this?
Rebecca: Oh, those are handcuffs. You see, I put the handcuffs and the
blindfold on while you were sleeping.
Julian: What -- what is this? Some sort of new love game?
[Rebecca laughs]
Rebecca: No, pookie. The marital aids here are just for good luck.
Julian: I&#39;m afraid you&#39;ve lost me.
Rebecca: We are getting married today. And it&#39;s bad luck for a groom to see
his bride before the ceremony. So you be a good boy and keep the blindfold on
while I’m taking a shower, all right? Oh, and you have to get dressed somewhere
else because I’m going to get ready here.
Julian: Since when did you become such a traditionalist?
Rebecca: Since I want this wedding to come off without a hitch.
Julian: Oh, oh, stay, stay. I have some wonderful, amusing ideas for the
accoutrements --
Rebecca: Tonight, pookie, when I am the second Mrs. Julian crane.
Julian:&nbsp; Positively certifiable. I&#39;ll just throw some clothes on; try to --
try to clear my head of all of this nonsense. Must be the closet right about
here --
[Julian screams]

Hank: You had me worried there for a minute, buddy.
Luis: Hank, I just want to put Sheridan’s death behind me once and for all.
And if I can help out Beth at the same time, why not? Hey.
Beth: Hey.
Hank: Hey. Thanks.
Beth: Did Luis tell you what he offered to do for me?
Hank: Yeah. He was just filling me in on how he&#39;s going to help get your
father&#39;s old boat back near Bermuda.
Beth: Listen, I&#39;ll understand if you&#39;ve had second thoughts.
Luis: No.
Beth: I mean, going back down to the part of the world where you lost
Sheridan --
Luis: Beth, it&#39;s all right.&nbsp; I already booked a flight. I&#39;m leaving later
this morning.
Beth: Oh. Well, thank you so much. You&#39;re a real friend.
Luis: You know, I never realized how much I hurt Beth after we broke up.
Hank: Well, that&#39;s how she wanted it. She didn&#39;t want to make you feel guilty
for choosing to support your family instead of marrying her.
Luis: And I probably would have. And that&#39;s why I want to help her now. If
retrieving this boat for her can help her buy this place back from the cranes,
then -- well, who knows? Maybe it will help make up in some small way for what I
did to her back then.
Hank: There&#39;s another way you can make it up to her she might even appreciate
more.
Luis: Yeah?
Hank: You could give going out with her another shot.

Brian: Can you throw me that sponge real quick?
Sheridan: Aye, aye, captain.
Brian: Now, are you feeling any better?
Sheridan: Yeah. It helps to work out in the fresh air. Keeps my mind off of
things.
Brian: Yeah. I guess I know what you mean. Well, I reckon that&#39;s why I do
what I do -- being on the water for a couple of days at a time. The ocean can
make any problem you have seem quite small.
Sheridan: Can&#39;t imagine what it would be like to be out on the ocean,
especially alone.
Brian: Oh, it&#39;s not so bad. You get used to it. Actually, it gives you some
space to think about things that you just otherwise wouldn&#39;t have time to think
about.
Sheridan: Yeah? Like what?
Brian: Hopes, dreams, whatever.
Sheridan: What are yours?
Brian: What are my what?
Sheridan: Your dreams. All I seem to do is talk about myself. I -- I hardly
know anything about you well, what do you think about when you&#39;re out at sea?
Brian: Stuff, you know, like what it would be like to settle down one day.
Sheridan: You mean, get married?
Brian: Maybe. Who knows?
Sheridan: Why haven&#39;t you already?
Brian: Just hasn&#39;t come up.
Sheridan: I bet that&#39;s your doing.
Brian: Oh, yeah? Why do you say that?
Sheridan: Because you&#39;re an amazing person. I bet if you gave a woman half a
chance, she&#39;d fall madly in love with you.
Brian: I don&#39;t know about that.
Sheridan: You&#39;ll see. The right girl will come along for you one of these
days. I&#39;d bet on it.
Brian: She already has.

Harper: Good God! What happened to you?
Julian: Don&#39;t ask, Harper. You don&#39;t want to know.
Harper: I hope no one saw you in this state. You look like you&#39;re completely
unspooling.
Julian: You&#39;re damn right I&#39;m unspooling! Rebecca wants to get married today
whether I like it or not. I&#39;m about to become a bigamist since I&#39;m already
married to my ex-son&#39;s fiancée.
Harper: Not to mention the fact that Ivy is contesting your divorce in the
first place.
Julian: Oh, that diva in a wheelchair is the least of my problems. Rebecca
will not be put off. She&#39;s got more determination than a team of sumo wrestlers.
And don&#39;t think that she won&#39;t turn me into the authorities for killing my
sister if I leave her high and dry at the altar. God! What have I done to
deserve this?
Harper: Well, you --
Julian: Don&#39;t answer that!
Harper: The important thing here is to maintain appearances. No matter what
the circumstances, you must appear calm and in control.
Julian: I&#39;ll get calm as soon as I hear you&#39;ve gotten that new set of
annulment papers from Bermuda.
Harper: Well, I told you I’m working on it. And I should have the papers
ready for signing by you and Theresa before Rebecca starts down the aisle.
Julian: Well, you&#39;d better because my marriage to Theresa must be erased from
the books once and for all. No one can ever find out about it.
Harper: Rest assured, Julian. No one ever will.

Ivy: Track down that milquetoast Justice of the Peace again and find out what
he&#39;s withholding about Theresa and Julian.
Jerry: Oh, I intend to. But the man&#39;s a nervous wreck. I&#39;ve got to take
things slow, use a little finesse.
Ivy: Finesse, my left foot! I don&#39;t have time for slow, Jerry. Do it today.
Now, I have a good idea of what went on between Theresa and Julian, but it&#39;s --
it&#39;s so unthinkable, it&#39;s so potentially explosive that no one else is going to
believe it without proof. Find out what transpired between them and bring back
the evidence in time for me to give Julian and Rebecca a wedding present they
will never forget.

Theresa: Where are you going?
Ethan: I&#39;m going to finish getting dressed. Don&#39;t worry. I&#39;ll stop by before
I leave.
Theresa: Ok.
[Phone rings]
Theresa: Hello?
Julian: Theresa, are you alone?
Theresa: Yes! Why are you calling me here?
Julian: Well, I thought you might like to know that I&#39;m expecting to have the
new set of annulment papers in my possession very shortly. To get over here and
sign.
[Knock on door]
Ethan: Hey. I&#39;m heading out, so I&#39;ll call you later.
Theresa: Wait. I&#39;m coming with you.
Ethan: I thought you didn&#39;t want to be around my mother.
Theresa: I changed my mind Ethan, Ivy loves you so much and she&#39;s going to be
my mother-in-law someday.
Ethan: Well, not someday. Soon, baby.
Theresa: Well, that&#39;s why I want to try to make amends with her -- show her
that I am in her corner as much as you are. Is that ok with you?
Ethan: It&#39;s more than ok. Have I told you how much I love you? All right,
well, I’ll wait for you in the living room.
Theresa: Ok.
Theresa: Now, I have got to find a way to sign those annulment papers without
Ethan knowing once I’m in there.

Gwen: Are you absolutely certain that you want to go through with this
wedding?
Rebecca: How can you even ask me that question?
Gwen: What, do I really need to point out to you that things haven&#39;t exactly
been normal around here lately? For starters, ivy&#39;s still here in the mansion.
She&#39;s living here and she&#39;s fighting Julian’s divorce tooth and nail.
Rebecca: Look, little Miss Ironside can fight this divorce with every nut and
bolt in her little motorized wheelchair. But I&#39;m going to take her place as
Julian’s first lady and I’m going to do it today.
Gwen: Well, I hope you know what you&#39;re doing.
Rebecca: Oh, Gwen, I know exactly what I’m doing, besides what better time to
marry Julian before everything goes bad? I am going to make sure that that man
doesn&#39;t weasel out of his commitment to me. Haven&#39;t you ever heard of knocking?
Ivy: Oh, I don&#39;t think I have to announce myself in my own home.
Rebecca: You know, maybe you have bleached your hair just one time too many.
Or maybe your little accident made you dense. But when are you going to realize
that you are no longer mistress of the manor? That you hold claim to nothing in
this house? And soon it will all be mine.
Gwen: Mother, settle down.
Rebecca: No. Not until I&#39;m done. And I should think you would be embarrassed
to stay someplace where you&#39;re not wanted. It&#39;s very pathetic, not to mention
futile.
Ivy: I&#39;d listen to your daughter, Rebecca. You don&#39;t want to get all riled up
and sweaty for your big day. No, I just rolled in here to tell you that I’m
still working on that gift for you and Julian. I think it&#39;s going to start your
life of wedded bliss off with a -- oh, with a big bang.
Rebecca: Mm-hmm. What is it?
Ivy: Well, I can&#39;t tell you that. It would ruin the surprise. Suffice it to
say, it&#39;s something that will have everyone talking about it for years to come.

Justice of the peace: Oh, there&#39;s Reginald now.
Ahem. I -- I need a little time off, Reginald. A vacation, actually. I want
to leave the island for a while. I&#39;ll be back, but I&#39;m not certain when. It&#39;s --
it urgent that I leave
Jerry: Reggie&#39;s taking a break, said I could fill in for him for a while.
Justice of the peace: I&#39;ll come back, then.
Jerry: Oh, there&#39;s no need. A vacation&#39;s a wonderful idea. We all need to
take time for ourselves every now and then. But before you do, I’d like to
finish that talk we started last night. You remember the one -- about what
happened down here between Julian Crane and Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald.
Singer: You are my passion for life.

Ethan: I can&#39;t believe Julian&#39;s going through with this.
Theresa: Me, neither.
Ethan: My poor mother. I should go see how she&#39;s holding up.
Theresa: Ethan. You know, maybe you should go by yourself.
Ethan: But I thought you said you wanted to make peace with her.
Theresa: I do. I just think that you should break the ice with her first. I
mean, the last thing that your mother needs this morning is for me to barge into
her bedroom unannounced. Why don&#39;t you let her know that I am here to show my
support for her? And if and when she gets ready to see me, I will be right
downstairs.
Ethan: You&#39;re so sensitive. You know, not everyone would be so understanding.
Theresa: No, it&#39;s nothing, Ethan, really.
Ethan: No, it is to me. You know, and, actually, I think you&#39;re right. You
know, the best way to handle this is just go step by step. You&#39;ll be all right
down here by yourself?
Theresa: Yes. Don&#39;t worry about me. I&#39;ll, you know, find something to do.
Maybe grab a cup of coffee with Mama or something.
Ethan: Mm-hmm. Just steer clear of Julian. I won&#39;t be long.
Theresa: Ok.
Theresa: I&#39;ve got to find Julian and get those annulment papers signed.

Luis: Hank, we&#39;ve been through this.
Hank: I know, I know. It&#39;s too soon for you to jump in another relationship.
All I&#39;m saying is that when the time is right, you could do a whole lot worse
than Beth. You know? She never stopped loving you. She&#39;s always been in your
corner.
Luis: Hank, let it go. You know, it&#39;s way too soon for me to think about
going out with anyone right now.
Hank: But you won&#39;t rule out the possibility that things may click for you
two in the future.
Luis: How can I even answer that? I can&#39;t think that far ahead, all right?
Beth: Here you go.
Luis: What&#39;s this?
Beth: Information on my father&#39;s boat -- photos, directions on how to get to
the island off Bermuda, that kind of thing.
Luis: Excellent. I&#39;m going to keep you posted as soon as I get down there.
Beth: Ok. Thanks again, Luis. This really means a lot to me.
Luis: Well, that&#39;s what friends are for. All right. I will call you as soon
as I get back, all right?
Hank: Be safe.
Luis: All right.

Brian: A penny for your thoughts.
Sheridan: I was thinking about the ocean, the sheer vastness of it. A keeper
of so many secrets.
Brian: Like where you&#39;re from?
Sheridan: And what we were talking about earlier. You know, hopes and dreams.
I know I must have had some before. I just can&#39;t remember what they are. Maybe
they were a lot like yours. You know? Getting married, settling down, having
kids with the man I love. I must have really loved him or I wouldn&#39;t be able to
picture his face so clearly.
Brian: Maybe you guys were married. Maybe you even had kids together.
Sheridan: I remember now. He gave me an engagement ring. We were supposed to
get married, but -- I don&#39;t have a ring. It must have never happened. He must
have -- he must have died before we ever had a chance.

Rebecca: That&#39;ll do. You&#39;re dismissed.
Gwen: You know, mother, you should really be nicer to these people. They came
on really short notice.
Rebecca: Oh, you&#39;re right. I&#39;m sorry! Well, I&#39;m just so anxious to be Rebecca
Crane.
Rebecca: Uh-oh. Where is that makeup guy?
Gwen: I&#39;m sure he&#39;ll be back any minute.
Rebecca: Hmm. You know, I still don&#39;t know why you didn&#39;t want to get your
hair done.
Gwen: Hmm, just not in the mood. I -- I don&#39;t feel very good about today,
what with ivy and that attitude of hers.
Rebecca: Yeah. Well, don&#39;t let ivy get to you. She is just trying to ruin my
moment in the sun.
Gwen: Maybe, but did you see how pleased she seemed to be with herself? It&#39;s
as if, I don&#39;t know, she&#39;s anticipating some sort of big trouble at your
wedding.
Rebecca: Ivy is full of hot air. There&#39;s nothing she can do to spoil my day.
I have everything under control.
Gwen: Ok, what does that mean?
Gwen: Mother, you promised me you&#39;d never touch a gun again.
Rebecca: I lied. I have to sign them and get out of here before anyone finds
us together.

Julian: Well, I&#39;m afraid you&#39;re a bit premature. Harper&#39;s not here yet.
Theresa: No, no. Don&#39;t tell me that.
Julian: But don&#39;t worry. He&#39;ll be here as soon as he can.
Theresa: I don&#39;t have time to stick around! Ethan will get suspicious of me.
Julian: Ethan?
Theresa: Yes. He&#39;s how I got here. He was coming to see his mother, so I
asked if I could join him, and he&#39;s upstairs with her now!
Julian: Oh!. It seems we have some time to kill. What do you say we celebrate
the end of our marriage the same way we started it? At least this time, we&#39;ll be
left with something to remember. Hmm?

Ivy: Ethan. Oh. Thank you for coming. Your support -- it just -- it means
everything to me.&nbsp; I want to do anything I can. Speaking of which, I’ve looked
over some papers and I’ve called Judge Rathbone. I&#39;m going to try to get an
injunction to stop Julian and Rebecca’s wedding so we can get a chance to
contest this matter. All of them -- they&#39;re all in Julian and Alistair’s hip
pockets. None of them have the guts to stand up to the cranes.
Ethan: That may be true, but it&#39;s worth a try.
Ivy: You&#39;re the best son any mother could ever hope for.
Ethan: You know, you don&#39;t seem half as upset as I thought you&#39;d be.
Ivy: Oh. Well, maybe it&#39;s because I have an ace up my sleeve.
Ethan: Really? Like what?
Ivy: No, I&#39;d rather not say just yet.
Ethan: Ok. Suit yourself. I am not here alone. Theresa&#39;s downstairs.
Ivy: What is she doing here?
Ethan: She wants to let you know that she&#39;s rooting for you.
Ivy: As if I&#39;d believe that.
Ethan: Mother, please. This hostility towards Theresa has got to stop. She&#39;s
not the villainess that you&#39;ve made her out to be. She just wants to make amends
with you. The least you can do is give her that chance.
Ivy: Ethan, you do know that I only have your best interest at heart. I want
you to marry a woman who is worthy of your love.
Ethan: Theresa&#39;s more than worthy. She&#39;s honest, caring, loyal --
Ivy: Ok, look, I&#39;ll make you a deal. If Theresa proves to be everything you
claim she is, I&#39;ll put the past to rest, I&#39;ll forgive her mistake, I will accept
your relationship, and I’ll even treat her as a daughter.
Ethan: Well, thank you, mother, but I don&#39;t see why?
Ivy: I said &quot;if&quot; she proves to be all you claim she is. If, on the other
hand, it turns out that she is withholding important information, any
information whatsoever, I want your word that you will stop making excuses for
her and let her go. I want your promise that you will break it off with her for
good. .

Beth: That&#39;s right. My friend&#39;s flying down to pick up my father&#39;s boat and
he&#39;s going to sail it back for me, so I want to make sure that it would be ready
when he gets there.
Liz: No problem, honey. I got someone working on the boat right now. As soon
as he&#39;s done, it&#39;ll be as good as new.
Beth: I appreciate it. My friend should be there some time today.
Liz: He knows how to get to this little out-of-the-way island?
Beth: Yeah. I gave him directions.
Liz: Ok. Then I’ll be on the lookout for him. Soon as he gets here, I&#39;ll take
him down to the boat straightaway.
Flight attendant: Magazine?
Luis: No, thanks.
Flight attendant: First trip to Bermuda?
Luis: No, I was here a while ago.
Flight attendant: Oh. Going back to see your girlfriend?
Luis: No. I don&#39;t have a girlfriend anymore. She&#39;s gone.

Sheridan: I was supposed to marry the man I love. I was supposed to have
children with him. Why was it all taken away from me before we had a chance?
Why?
Brian: I&#39;m sorry. I am so sorry.
Sheridan: I mean, I&#39;ve lost him. I will never see him again.

Gwen: Put that thing away.
Rebecca: Not a chance. No, this thing may come in very handy, especially
considering who I am marrying. I mean, I may want to marry Julian, but he is
such a bastard.
Gwen: Mother!
Rebecca: What? Why are you acting so shocked? I have never trusted Julian as
far as I could throw him. And lately, I trust him even less. I know something is
going on. I just don&#39;t know what it is. But by the end of this day, Julian is
either going to be my husband or my victim.

Julian: You&#39;ll only be my wife for just a little bit longer. The least you
could do is fulfill your conjugal duties one more time.
Theresa: You pig!
Julian: God! What&#39;s the matter with you?
Theresa: What&#39;s the matter? I made the biggest mistake of my life with you
and I want it to be over. Get the annulment papers here now!
Julian: But I --
Theresa: No &quot;buts.&quot; Ok, you promised me that Ethan wouldn&#39;t find out about
this.
Julian: Well, he won&#39;t. He can&#39;t. God knows what would happen to me if he or
your brother or, God forbid, Rebecca I want this annulment as much as you,
Theresa. Perhaps more.

Justice of the peace: You couldn&#39;t be more off base, sir. I don&#39;t know
anything about Mr. Crane and this Theresa woman. I just need a little vacation,
that&#39;s all.
Jerry: And you should have one -- but not before you tell me what I need to
know because I think you&#39;re lying and I&#39;m not going to let you off the hook
until I hear the truth, the whole truth. Now, you tell me what happened between
Julian Crane and Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald.

Ethan: Mother, that&#39;s not going to happen. Theresa has learned her lesson the
hard way. She will never lie to me about anything again.
Ivy: Just humor me, Ethan. If Theresa is as pure of heart as you think she
is, you have nothing to worry about. If, on the other hand, Theresa’s revealed
to be the person I’m afraid she is, I want you to be protected. I want your
promise that you will end it with her; you&#39;ll boot her out of your life. If
you&#39;re right, you have nothing to lose.
Ethan: I think you&#39;re being ridiculous, but if it&#39;s going to make you feel
better, all right, fine, I promise. I&#39;ll try to call the judge again.
Ivy: Oh. My poor, darling Ethan. If I find what I think I’m going to find,
I&#39;ll not only break up Rebecca and Julian, I&#39;ll get rid of Theresa, too. And I
thought this wheelchair was going to keep me down.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 10/26/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 10/26/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Luis: A picture of Beth’s boat.
Luis: Oh, God. Sheridan.
Sheridan: The man I loved was taken from me. I&#39;ll never see him again. Why,
Brian? Why?
Brian: Diana, what is it?
Brian: Diana, what is it?
Sheridan: I just had a sudden memory flash. I&#39;m not sure what it was, but I
know that the man I loved is dead. He&#39;s gone. He&#39;s gone forever.

Gwen: There. Now, turn this way. Let me see how you look.
Rebecca: Well? Do I look virginal?
Gwen: Uh -- no. But you do look beautiful.
Rebecca: Thank you. Now, there&#39;s just one thing left.
Gwen: Mother, you&#39;re really not going to wear that during the ceremony, are
you?
Rebecca: Well, of course I am. One way or another, I&#39;m going to nail Julian
Crane. He&#39;s either
Gwen: You know, you can be so cold-hearted sometimes.
Rebecca: Well, yeah, I guess so. But one thing you should learn, Gwen, is
that sometimes it takes a cold heart to get a warm bed. And if I have to hold a
gun to Julian to get it, I will.

Julian: All right, but you have him call me the moment he gets this message.
Theresa: Well? Is your attorney on the way?
Julian: He&#39;s not answering his cell phone, but I assume that he is on his way
over here.
Theresa: He has to be. He has to get here with those papers in time.
Julian: As I said, Theresa, I want our marriage annulled just as much as you
do.
Theresa: If you marry Rebecca Hotchkiss before our marriage is annulled, not
only will my life be ruined but we will all be on the front page of the
tabloids, only you will be in the obituaries that&#39;s if Ethan and Luis don&#39;t kill
you first.
Julian: I&#39;m well aware of the consequences, Theresa, and I and my attorney
are doing everything we can to expedite the matter.
Theresa: That&#39;s not enough. You have got to do more.
Julian: My God, I love it when you&#39;re fiery, the way that Latin blood just
boils over.
Theresa: Mr. Crane --
Julian: Oh, come now, Theresa, why so formal? We&#39;ve had some fun, haven&#39;t we?
Some wonderfully intimate moments? Like our wedding night.
Theresa: I don&#39;t want to think about that.
Julian: I have a fantastic idea. After our marriage has been annulled and I’m
married to Rebecca, I see no reason why we couldn&#39;t arrange something.
Theresa: &quot;Arrange something&quot;?
Julian: Yes. I could rent us a lovely pied-a-terre. We could meet there once,
perhaps twice a week. No one need ever know.
Theresa: No. I love Ethan. I&#39;m going to marry him. And I hope that I never
have to see you again. I never would have married you if you hadn&#39;t gotten me
drunk. You are a horrible person, and I want my annulment now!

Ivy: Ethan, I know you think I’m being silly, but you don&#39;t know how happy I
am that you promised.
Ethan: Mother, I&#39;m glad you&#39;re happy, but I just don&#39;t think it&#39;s necessary.
Theresa will never keep anything from me again.
Ivy: Well, just in case, you know, something comes up, I&#39;m -- well, I&#39;ll just
rest easier knowing that you won&#39;t be taken in by her excuses.
Ethan: Mother, she loves me. She will never do anything to hurt me. She made
a mistake by copying your letter into her computer.
Ivy: And was it also a mistake that she forgot to tell you that she knew you
weren&#39;t Julian Crane&#39;s son but Sam Bennett’s son instead?
Ethan: She was trying to keep me from getting hurt, mother.
Ivy: Still, the letter got sent to the tabloid and the whole world found out.
Ethan, I just don&#39;t want anything like that to ever happen to you again.
Ethan: It won&#39;t. I&#39;ll bet my life on it. Our love is absolute. Theresa will
never lie to me again.
Ivy: Good. Good. If you&#39;re so certain of your love, then it shouldn&#39;t be any
problem at all for you to make this promise.
Ethan: Look, it&#39;s not a problem. It&#39;s just it&#39;s not necessary.
Ivy: Humor me, Ethan. I just want to hear you say the words again.
Ethan: All right. If you insist. I promise I&#39;ll break up with Theresa if she
ever lies to me again.
Ivy: Thank you, Ethan.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life
Ivy: Do you believe that I only have your very, very best interest at heart?
Ethan: Yes, I do. I -- I just think you&#39;re misguided.
Ivy: Oh, was I misguided when I was upset that Theresa went to Julian and
asked him for money without telling you? Was I misguided when I saw her
signature on the annulment papers? And what about that, Ethan? I mean, do you
really think that Theresa just signed those papers accidentally?

[Knock on door]
Theresa: Mr. Harper, finally. Do you have the papers?
Harper: I wish I did, Theresa, but they haven&#39;t arrived yet.
Julian: But they are on their way, aren&#39;t they?
Harper: The messenger left Bermuda half an hour ago. They should arrive
before your wedding to Rebecca.
Theresa: No, they have to, Mr. Harper. I&#39;m so scared that Ethan’s going to
find out what happened.
Julian: So am I. Rebecca&#39;s become an absolute bulldog about this wedding?
Harper: She can&#39;t be put off?
Julian: Not for one more moment.
Theresa: Well, you can&#39;t marry Rebecca until those annulment papers are
signed. You&#39;ll be committing bigamy.
Julian: I&#39;m well aware of that, Theresa. But I&#39;d rather be a bigamist than
dead.
Harper: Let&#39;s all just hope the messenger from Bermuda arrives in time.
Julian: Let&#39;s do more than hope. Let&#39;s pray because if my marriage to Theresa
comes out, I’ll be tarred and feathered by the entire Lopez Fitzgerald clan.

Luis: I thought we had forever. The rest of our lives.
Flight attendant: Are you all right, sir?
Luis: Yeah, I&#39;m fine. Why?
Flight attendant: You seem upset. Can I help?
Luis: No. No, thanks. There&#39;s nothing anyone can do. I lost the woman I love.
The only woman I’ll ever love.

Brian: Diana, you say that the man you love is dead, but how can you be sure?
Sheridan: I told you -- I had a memory of holding him in my arms. His body
was just lifeless.
Brian: Do you remember anything about him? Do you remember his name, where he
came from?
Sheridan: No. That&#39;s what&#39;s so upsetting. I mean, I can see his face, but I
never hear his voice. I can see the face of the man I love, but I just don&#39;t
remember his name. I&#39;m sorry. You must be so sick of hearing me go on about my
amnesia.
Brian: No. Not at all. But I just think that it&#39;s time you stop dwelling in
the past. If you say that the man that you loved is dead, then maybe it&#39;s time
you started focusing on the future.
Sheridan: What future? I don&#39;t have one. I have no one.
Brian: Yes, you do. You have me. And I&#39;m not going anywhere.

Timmy: Oh, yeah. This will be perfect for Timmy to wear to Rebecca and
Julian’s wedding.
Tabitha: Timmy, we&#39;re not going to the actual wedding, remember? We&#39;re simply
using it as a way to get down to Hecuba’s lair. We have to put something in
motion to help Kay snare Miguel away from Charity.
Charity: No. Stop. Kay, Miguel, no. You can&#39;t do it. No.

Flight attendant: You feeling any better?
Luis: Yeah, I&#39;m fine.
Flight attendant: You know
Luis: Yeah. That&#39;s what they say. But ever since Sheridan died, I&#39;ve been
fantasizing that she&#39;s still alive. I&#39;ve been hoping that some miracle will
happen and that somehow I&#39;ll see her again.
Flight attendant: Is that why you&#39;re going to Bermuda?
Luis: No. No, Sheridan died down there. I&#39;m just hoping that going back down
will help me finally accept that she&#39;s gone.
Luis: What&#39;s that island down there?
Flight attendant: St. Lisa&#39;s island. It&#39;s one of the many small islands
surrounding Bermuda.
Luis: It&#39;s actually where I&#39;m headed. At least there won&#39;t be any memories of
Sheridan down there.

Brian: What is it?
Sheridan: I don&#39;t know. Something about that plane. I just -- I had a funny
feeling. It&#39;s nothing.
Brian: Come on, let&#39;s go inside.
Sheridan: Ok.

Ethan: What are you saying, mother? That Theresa knew she was signing her own
annulment papers? That she&#39;s married to Julian? That&#39;s crazy.
Ivy: I&#39;m just wondering why you think Theresa’s signature was on those
papers.
Ethan: She told us. She thought she was signing a loan document after she
borrowed money from Julian to help me set up my law practice.
Ivy: Well, forgive me, Ethan, I know Theresa is young, but I never thought
she was stupid.
Ethan: She&#39;s not stupid, and you know that.
Ivy: Then why didn&#39;t she read what she was signing?
Ethan: Who knows? You know, maybe she was nervous about borrowing money from
Julian without telling me first.
Ivy: Another mistake.
Ethan: There it&#39;s too ridiculous to even talk about. I&#39;m going to go
downstairs and bring Theresa up here.
Ivy: I&#39;m not sure I want to see her just yet.
Ethan: Mother, please. Look, you and Theresa mean more to me than anyone in
this world. She wants to make amends with you. The least you can do is give her
a chance. I&#39;ll be back.
Ivy: My poor Ethan. If what I think is true, then you&#39;re going to be so
terribly hurt. Well, better now than later.

Gwen: In a matter of moments, you&#39;re going to be walking down the aisle with
Julian Crane, and you have no compunction about marrying him at gunpoint?
Rebecca: Oh, Gwennie, it&#39;s not like I&#39;m going to be holding the gun on him. I
just want to know it&#39;s there in case I need it.
Gwen: Wait, in case you need it? Mother, what about love? Don&#39;t you and
Julian love each other?
Rebecca: Oh, of course we love each other. I do. I love him in my own way.
It&#39;s just, what good does love do you? I mean, what does it get you? What did it
get you and Ethan? Just allowed Theresa to see how lovesick you were so she
could steal Ethan away from you.
Gwen: Yeah, that&#39;s true.
Rebecca: You know, I really thought she was going to fold when she found out
that Ethan wasn&#39;t a Crane. But I guess he&#39;s a good catch whether he&#39;s a Crane or
not, and she hung in there, and she won. For now.
Gwen: You still think that I have a chance to get Ethan back?
Rebecca: Oh. I sure do. Because once I marry Julian and we get him to adopt
Ethan, then you can be a Crane just like your mother.
Gwen: I&#39;m afraid it&#39;s too late, mother. Ethan doesn&#39;t want me anymore.
Rebecca: Gwen, that is the really good thing about love. Because, you see,
just as fast as you fall out of it you can fall right back into it. And once
Theresa is out of the picture, Ethan is going to remember just how much he loves
you.

Theresa: Julian, you&#39;re going to walk down the aisle drunk?
Julian: If I’m lucky. I can&#39;t believe I could be the victim of mob violence
today.
Theresa: Well, you better be worrying about Ethan because he will kill you
before my family has a chance to tar and feather you.
Julian: Yes, no matter how you look at it, if those papers don&#39;t come soon,
somebody&#39;s going to kill me.
Ethan: Theresa?

Brian: What is it about roses that stops you, Diana?
Sheridan: I don&#39;t know. The scent. Brings back memories of the man I loved.
Brian: Well, maybe he used to bring you roses.
Sheridan: What&#39;s the point? He&#39;s gone. And you&#39;re right. I have to get on
with my life.

Tree: Charity, beware. Kay is not alone. There are others who would take
Miguel away from you.
Charity: Who? Tell me who.
Tree: You think it&#39;s a friend. Someone close. Be on guard. Beware.

Simone: Kay, sometimes I just feel like I am talking to a wall. Give it up.
You are never going to get Miguel away from Charity.
Kay: Just watch me.
Simone: You&#39;re just going to make a fool of yourself.
Kay: Simone.
Simone: When are you going to realize that Miguel doesn&#39;t love anybody but
Charity?
Kay: That is bull. Ok, Miguel -- Miguel needs somebody who can make him
happy, all right? And that is not Charity. She&#39;s nuts, Simone. She keeps on
having these weird premonitions and --
Simone: You know what? Miguel doesn&#39;t seem to mind, now, does he?
Kay: That&#39;s because she&#39;s used black magic on him. That&#39;s why.
Simone: That is ridiculous.
Kay: If I could just get him alone with me. If I could just get him to make
love to me. If I get pregnant, then he would know what real love is.
Simone: Spare me, Kay. Do you ever stop to think that maybe you could be
doing something evil to Charity? I mean, she&#39;s your own cousin.
Kay: So what? Simone, I told you -- I am through being good, ok? The list of
do-gooders that are miserable -- it&#39;s a mile long. I&#39;m not going to be one of
them.
[Door opens]
Miguel: Kay? I need to talk to you. All right? We have to make some plans for
a very special night.
Kay: This is it, Simone. I told you.

Ethan: Theresa, what are you doing in here?
Theresa: I was looking for Mama.
Ethan: In here? This is Julian’s lair. I couldn&#39;t believe it when the maid
told me she saw you come in here. The one person you should stay away from is
Julian.
Theresa: Yes, I know. I guess I wasn&#39;t thinking. I wanted to find Mama, and I
thought that she might be in here. Anyway -- so, how&#39;s your mother?

Julian: God, this can&#39;t be happening. Julian Crane hiding like a common thief
in his own home.
Harper: You have no one to blame but your own libido, Julian.
Julian: Save it, Harper. Theresa&#39;s right. I cannot marry Rebecca until we
have signed those papers.
Harper: I thought you said you had no choice.
Julian: I&#39;ll think of something. I&#39;ll bribe her. She&#39;s a greedy little thing.
Buy her a new Rolls-Royce and a sable, a honeymoon in Cap d&#39;Antibes -- whatever
she wants. Maybe I&#39;ll plead exhaustion. Yes, I’ll tell her I can&#39;t perform my
husbandly duties till I get some rest.

Ethan: I want you to come upstairs and talk to mother. You know, just try to
sweet-talk her a little.
Theresa: She&#39;s still really angry with me, isn&#39;t she?
Ethan: But don&#39;t worry. She&#39;s not going to eat you. She&#39;s beginning to
understand how much I love you and that you haven&#39;t done anything wrong.
Theresa: Really?
Ethan: Absolutely. I mean, she knows how important you are to me. So will you
come up and make amends?
Theresa: Ok.

[Phone rings]
Ivy: Ivy Crane.
Jerry: It&#39;s Jerry.
Ivy: Oh. Oh. Thank goodness, Jerry. Have you found out anything?
Jerry: Nothing yet, I’m sorry to say.
Ivy: Well, you aren&#39;t giving up, are you? I am paying you a great deal of
money. I expect you to keep digging.
Jerry: Well, just to keep you informed.
Ivy: Have you talked to the Justice of the Peace?
Jerry: Yeah. Filled him with booze, hoping it would loosen his tongue, but
nothing so far.
Ivy: But you think he knows something?
Jerry: Oh, yeah, I&#39;m sure he does, but he&#39;s scared to talk. Someone has put
the fear of God into him, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Yes. Alistair and Julian, of course. Oh, ok, look, just keep at him.
Offer him money. Do whatever it takes. I know that Julian did something down in
Bermuda besides divorce me.
Jerry: I think you&#39;re right.
Ivy: And I need to know if he married Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald. And fast
because I cannot let my son marry that little tramp if what I suspect is true.
Jerry: I&#39;ll come up with the something. Don&#39;t you worry.
Ivy: All right. Keep me informed. No one is going to destroy my son&#39;s
happiness. No one.
Singer: You are my passion for life.

Julian: Yoo-hoo!
Rebecca: Julian, no! Oh! No. You can&#39;t see the bride before the ceremony.
It&#39;s bad luck.
Julian: Oh! Oh, my pet. I forgot, yes. I&#39;ve had all the bad luck I can take
for one day.
Rebecca: Oh, well, what is it you want?
Julian: Well, here. It&#39;s a little prewedding bauble.
Rebecca: Julian, how sweet. I wonder what it is. Oh. It&#39;s gorgeous. Oh, it
must have cost a fortune. Oh, Julian, that was so sweet of you.
Julian: Oh.
Gwen: Yes, it&#39;s -- it&#39;s beautiful.
Julian: Well, I&#39;m glad you approve.
Rebecca: Well, why don&#39;t you come and put it on me. I guess you can see my
ankle.
Julian: Oh. Very well. Yes. You know, I&#39;m having another one made so you&#39;ll
-- you&#39;ll have a pair. But unfortunately, I -- I guess it&#39;s not ready, so I
think that we should have the -- the wedding delayed.
Rebecca: Delayed? Not on your life. This wedding is going ahead as scheduled.

Ivy: Come on, come on, come on, Jerry. Call me.
[Knock on door]
Ethan: Mother, here she is.
Theresa: Hello, Mrs. Crane. How are you feeling?
Ivy: Well, it&#39;s Ms. Winthrop, it seems, and as you can see, I&#39;m not.
Theresa: Excuse me?
Ivy: I&#39;m not feeling anything in my legs, dear. That&#39;s why I’m in this lovely
chair.
Theresa: I&#39;m sorry about your accident.
Ethan: And, mother, technically, you still are Ivy Crane as long as we are
contesting the divorce Julian got in Bermuda.
Theresa: I hope that you&#39;ll be up and walking when Ethan and I get married. I
mean, it&#39;s all right if you&#39;re not. You could just come in the wheelchair, of
course. I -- I won&#39;t mind. I just want you to feel better. To feel. You know?
Ivy: When are you getting married, Ethan?
Ethan: Well, soon. As soon as we have some things cleaned up and taken care
of.
Ivy: Yes. I always think it&#39;s a good idea to have everything cleaned up and
aboveboard before a wedding.
Theresa: I just want things to go back to the way they were when -- when we
first got engaged and you were happy about it and I could call you Mom and you
were nice to me.
Ivy: You mean, before we found out that you had scanned my personal, private
letter into your computer -- the letter telling Sam Bennett that he was Ethan’s
father, the letter that went to the tabloid and then to the world and ruined
Ethan’s life?
Theresa: Mrs. Crane, I know that you blame me for that, but -- but I did not
send that letter. And I feel horrible that it was even in my computer to begin
with. But I am going to do everything in my power to make it up to you and to
Ethan.
Ivy: You feel horrible? You feel horrible that Ethan lost all of the power
and money that rightfully belonged to him as a Crane? I&#39;m sure you feel horrible
that Grace Bennett found out about Sam and me and fell down the stairs and lost
her baby.
Ethan: Mother, stop.
Ivy: You feel horrible that Julian is divorcing me. And I&#39;m sure you feel
really, really horrible that when I went to help Sam in the hurricane, I got
struck by lightning and ended up in the wheelchair.
Theresa: Yes. I feel horrible about all of that.
Ivy: And you&#39;d like to go back to the way it was before all of that happened.
Theresa: Yes.
Ivy: And you&#39;d like me to forgive and forget.
Ethan: We agreed, mother.
Ivy: Yes, Ethan, I know. I&#39;m just trying to get everything out onto the
table.

Kay: I want this night to be special, too, Miguel.
Miguel: I knew I could count on you, Kay, to make Charity&#39;s 18th birthday the
best ever.
Kay: Charity&#39;s 18th birthday?
Miguel: Yeah. I mean, you know, it&#39;s coming up and it should be special. You
know, it&#39;s the time when we&#39;re finally adults. I mean, we can vote. We could get
married if we wanted to. We could have children.
Kay&#39;s voice: He threw me a special party when I was 15. Now all he can think
about is Charity.
Miguel: You know, and Charity&#39;s been through so much lately, like with
getting all these crazy ideas that you&#39;re trying to take me away from her. I
thought it would be a good idea if you helped with the party.
Charity: No!
Miguel: That sounds like Charity. Something&#39;s
Timmy: Timmy thinks that if Charity saw Timmy like this, she&#39;d forget all
about Miguel.
Charity: No!
Timmy: Charity again.
Tabitha: Hmm. Pay no attention, Timmy. We&#39;re on a mission.
Timmy: Tabby looks great. Doesn&#39;t Timmy?
Tabitha: Yes, you look smashing. Not that it really matters because we&#39;re
skipping the nuptials.
Timmy: Doesn&#39;t Tabby want to be there when Julian says &quot;I do&quot; to Rebecca and
all heck breaks loose?
Tabitha: That will be something, won&#39;t it? Oh, you&#39;re right Timmy. We can&#39;t
miss that.

Jerry: Come on, buddy. You and I both know that something went down here
between Julian Crane and Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald. My employer needs to know
what.
Henry: Oh. I can&#39;t tell you. I&#39;ll lose my job, my chapel. I was sworn to
secrecy.
Jerry: Look, I can assure you, if you tell me what I need to know, my
employer will be in a very powerful position to help you. You won&#39;t lose
anything.
Henry: I won&#39;t?
Jerry: No. Think about how much better you&#39;ll feel once you unburden
yourself. It&#39;s tough keeping secrets, isn&#39;t it, buddy?
Henry: Oh, yes! It&#39;s horrible. You know, I can&#39;t sleep. I -- I can&#39;t eat.
Jerry: Well, then do yourself a favor -- tell me.
Henry: All right. I can&#39;t take it anymore. I&#39;ll tell you what happened.

Ivy: So, Theresa, you want me to forgive and forget everything.
Ethan: Yes, she does, mother. And I don&#39;t see why you can&#39;t do that. I mean,
Theresa has apologized to you over and over again. What more do you want from
her?
Theresa: It was a mistake. I never meant to hurt anyone. You have to believe
me.
Ivy: Well, if I believe you, Theresa, does that mean that you are a changed
young woman, that you no longer lie and keep secrets from Ethan?
Ethan: Mother, we&#39;ve all made mistakes. You have, I have. And the important
thing is that we learn from them. And that&#39;s what we&#39;re trying to do. We have no
secrets between each other.
Ivy: Oh. Ok. Well, but, if either of you found out that the other one was
keeping some terrible, terrible secret, well, then you certainly wouldn&#39;t want
to get married, now, would you? To talk about it anymore.
[Phone rings]
Ivy: All right, Ethan. If you&#39;ll excuse me, this is an important phone call
I&#39;ve been expecting.
Ivy: Ivy Crane.
Jerry: Mrs. Crane, it&#39;s Jerry. I&#39;ve got the goods.
Ivy: Oh, yes!

Brian: You know, Diana, if that rosebush makes you unhappy, I can convince
Liz to dig it up. I&#39;ll plant something else.
Sheridan: No, that would be silly. I mean, you&#39;re right. I&#39;ve got to get past
these memories and move on with my life.
Brian: Well, I just want you to know that I meant what I said. I&#39;m here for
you, and I&#39;m not going anywhere.
Sheridan: I appreciate your friendship so much.
Brian: I don&#39;t really think you understand what I was saying.
Sheridan: What do you mean?
Brian: Do you believe in love at first sight?

Charity: Please don&#39;t let them take Miguel away from me.
Miguel: Charity? Hey. You all right?
Charity: Oh. I had -- I had a dream, Miguel, that you were being taken from
me.
Miguel: How? Who was taking me away?
Charity: I don&#39;t know. I don&#39;t know. But I want them to stop.
Kay: &quot;Them&quot;? Who&#39;s trying to take Miguel away from you, Charity? It sounds
like it&#39;s a whole group of people.
Charity: I don&#39;t know.
Kay: She doesn&#39;t know it&#39;s only me.
Simone: No, she is on to you, Kay. You are never going to get Miguel.
Kay: You just wait and see. Just wait and see.
Tabitha: All right. Let&#39;s go. I want to get there early so we can go down to
Hecuba’s lair, find the herbs, and be back in time to watch the wedding. Got the
invitation?
Timmy: Right here.
Tabitha: Good. We&#39;ll take the back stairs.
[Tapping on window]
Timmy: What was that?
Tabitha: Something, Timmy. No need to be afraid.
[Crash]
[Tabitha and Timmy scream]
Timmy: Princess, Timmy can&#39;t move!
Tabitha: Oh! Neither can I, Timmy! Ow! Damn that Charity!
Timmy: Ah!

Julian: Well, good lord! What are you doing with that thing?
Rebecca: Cover your eyes!
Julian: You&#39;re -- you&#39;re packing. What are you doing wearing a gun?
Rebecca: I want our wedding to be perfect. We are getting married today, and
in case you forgot, I am a very good shot. So we&#39;ll see you at the altar,
Pookie.
Julian: What? Oh, God!
Rebecca: Nothing will stop this wedding.

Ethan: Look, Theresa, I&#39;m sorry about my mother&#39;s behavior. But I want you to
know that I&#39;m proud that you came up here and tried to make up with her.
Theresa: Well, I don&#39;t think it worked.
Ethan: Look, don&#39;t worry. She&#39;ll come around. I mean, she just loves me and
she wants me to be happy, and eventually she&#39;s going to realize that you&#39;re the
only one who makes me happy. It&#39;s going to be all right. It&#39;s just going to take
a little time.

Ivy: Now, tell me what happened.
Jerry: I got exactly what you wanted. The justice told me everything.
Ivy: Well, what did he say?
Jerry: It&#39;s going to blow you away.
Ivy: Oh, I hope so. I certainly hope so. Now, I want to hear exactly what the
man had to say.

Brian: Diana, I have to know. Do you believe in love at first sight?
Sheridan: I don&#39;t know. I&#39;m -- I’m not sure it ever really happens.
Brian: Well, it does happen because it happened to me. Look, I know this
sounds crazy and I probably should wait to tell you this, but, Diana, I love
you. I love you.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Monday 10/29/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 10/29/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Miguel: It's ok, Charity. You're all right.
Charity: It was so real, Miguel.
Miguel: But it was only a dream.
Charity: It can't be true. It just can't be.
Simone: Charity's on to you, Kay. I'm sure she is.
Kay: Do I care what Charity thinks? All I care about is making Miguel mine.
Nothing's going to stand in my way this time, ok? I am through being the good
girl.
Miguel: You want to talk about it? Tell me what your dream was about.
Tree: Charity, beware. Kay is not alone. There are others who would take
Miguel away from you.
Simone: Charity knows you're trying to steal Miguel away from her.
Kay: Simone, no, she doesn’t. Ok, she said a lot of people were trying to
take Miguel, ok? She doesn't know it's just me. Princess?

Tabitha: Isn't it obvious? We've got a bloody tree trying to kill us.
Timmy: But why?
Tabitha: It must have heard me plotting against Charity and it's trying to
protect the brat -- I mean the girl. Unless Charity asked for help.
Timmy: Can't Tabitha just tell the nice tree that she's not going to help Kay
get Miguel?
Tabitha: It won't work, Timmy. The tree is very wise -- very, very wise. It
could see through the lies and it knows perfectly well that I don't want Charity
and Miguel to ever make love.
Timmy: What's Tabitha trying to say? That Timmy and Tabby should just give
up?
Tabitha: Well, we may not have a choice, Timmy.

[Door creaks]
Julian: Oh! God, Harper. Thank the lord it's only you.
Theresa: You're white as a sheet, Julian. Did you think I was Ivy?
Julian: My bride-to-be. My plan to bribe Rebecca into postponing our wedding
failed miserably. Rebecca's armed and dangerous. If I don't marry her, I'm a
dead man.

Ethan: Look, Theresa, I really think you and my mother can patch things up.
Theresa: I'm not so sure. I mean, she sounded like she blames me for
everything that happened. You know, I don't think my being here is a good idea.
Ethan: I know you're nervous, but, you know, we're going to be getting
married and I really want my mother's blessing.
Theresa: Ethan, she is certain that I am the one who sent the e-mail to the
tabloid.
Ethan: Look, my mother understands that just because it was e-mailed from
your computer doesn't mean that you sent it.
Theresa: I don't think she understands that, Ethan. I am sure that she blames
me for everyone finding out that you're Chief Bennett’s son and not Julian’s.
Ethan: Look, just calm down, all right? That's in the past. I know you and my
mother can be good friends.
Theresa: I wish I was as sure as you.
Ethan: Look, Theresa, I'm telling you, that she's totally wrong about you.

Ivy: You're positive, Jerry? There's no doubt?
Jerry: I've got all the proof you need, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: From the Justice of the Peace?
Jerry: He didn't want to talk at first, but I've been at this a long time and
I worked at him till he finally cracked.
Ivy: And was my hunch right? Did Theresa and my husband have something to
hide?

Sheridan: Whenever we're apart, just look at this rose and you'll know that
I’m thinking of you, that I haven't forgotten about you, I haven't forgotten our
love.
Luis: You got to let it go, man. She's gone.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet ii would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are pone e
Sheridan: I'm sorry.
Brian: For what?
Sheridan I shouldn't have let you kiss me. I thought I was with the man that
I love, the man that I lost.
Brian: That man, the one you once loved -- you said he was dead.
Sheridan: I know. I had a memory of holding his lifeless body in my arms.
Sheridan: It would take a miracle to bring him back. But the love that I have
for him will never die. It is so deep inside of me. And that will last forever.
Luis: Hello?
Brian: Diana --
Luis: Hello, is there anyone here? Diana?
Brian: Diana, wait.

Julian: Rebecca threatened me, Harper. She said if I don't marry her, she'd
pump me full of holes.
Harper: You're kidding me.
Julian: I wouldn't kid about a think like this. This whole situation is a
mess!
Harper: Well, try to look at the bright side.
Julian: What would that be?
Harper: Well, Rebecca doesn't have to kill you. You're going to marry her.
Julian: But if anything goes wrong before Becky and I say, &quot;I do,&quot; I mean, if
the ceremony is postponed for whatever reason, I'm a dead duck! God, here it is!
Harper: What?
Julian: My handgun. Marriage is supposed to be a 50-50 arrangement? Well, if
she's armed, then so am I. Give me that!
Harper: You're in enough trouble as it is, Julian.
Julian: Don't remind me.
Harper: You arranged to have your own sister killed.
Julian: God. You're reminding me.
Harper: The annulment hasn't come through yet and Ivy is contesting the
divorce. The last thing we need is a shootout between you and Rebecca.
Julian: What did I ever do to deserve this? If I marry Rebecca, I'll be
charged with bigamy. If I don't marry her, she'll tell Luis I had Sheridan
killed and he'll rip me limb from precious limb after Rebecca has filled me full
of holes. And let's not forget Ivy! God knows what she'd do if she found out
that Theresa and I were married. I am trapped, Harper. I am trapped.

Theresa: I don't think your mother will be able to forgive me, Ethan.
Ethan: Of course she will. I'll admit my mother sounds angry because you
scanned that letter into your computer. But I'm telling you, if the two of you
just sit down and talk, you can work this all out.
Theresa: I don't know. She seems so tense.
Ethan: Well, she is tense. I mean, we just had a talk.
Theresa: What did you talk about? Our wedding? Was that it? Ethan, talk to
me.
Ethan: Well, my mother said that she would accept our relationship and
forgive you if I made a promise to her.
Theresa: A promise? What promise?
Ethan: It's not that big of a deal. You know, it's -- it was an easy promise
because I have complete faith in you.
Theresa: What was the promise, Ethan?
Ethan: I promised her that if you ever hurt me again or lied to me that I
wouldn't believe your excuses and that I would call off our engagement and our
relationship.
Theresa: You can't make that promise.

Ivy: So give me the dirt, what are Julian and Theresa hiding? Did something
happen in Bermuda, something they don't want anyone to know about?
Jerry: Fact of the matter is your husband got married in Bermuda.
Ivy: He what?
Jerry: Tied the old knot.
Ivy: To who-- oh, no. I was right, wasn't I?
Jerry: 100%. Julian married Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald.

Miguel: What is it, Charity? What was your dream about?
Charity: You'll say it isn't possible.
Miguel: I think I know what you're talking about. You had the same
premonition as before about Kay and me making love, right?
Charity: Yeah. But this time -- this time there are others trying to break us
up, too.
Miguel: Charity, we've been through this. Nobody is going to break us up, you
know, not Kay, not anybody.
Charity: It was so real.
Miguel: Some dreams do seem real, and we all have them.
Charity: This one was vivid and I could hear the whispering, &quot;beware,
beware.&quot;
Miguel: Who was whispering?
Charity: The same thing that warned me before. The tree.

Reese: I just saw the most amazing thing. You know that big old tree out
front? Well, it's leaning right over into the attic.
Simone: What?
Reese: Well, the branches are sticking straight in the window, like they're
doing it on purpose.
Charity: No.
Tabitha: Oh, ancient and mighty tree, I respect your attempt to protect
Charity, but we both know that it's a futile gesture!
Timmy: Ow! Good job, Princess. You really got the tree to listen to reason!
Tabitha: Listen to me, you big toothpick; this is a total waste of time! If I
don't stop Charity and Miguel making love, then --
Timmy: Then Charity will come into her full powers and destroy Tabitha!
Tabitha: Not to mention a certain smart-aleck doll.
Timmy: Hello! You'd better get on the stick, Tabby! Timmy's getting harmed
big time!

Ivy: I knew they were up to something in Bermuda, but married? Julian and
Theresa?
Jerry: Mr. And Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Are you absolutely sure?
Jerry: Couldn't be any surer. The Justice of the Peace handed me a copy of
the marriage license and he officiated at the ceremony. It was held at a chapel
here at the resort.
Ivy: Ok, I want every detail.

Theresa: You can't make a promise like that, Ethan.
Ethan: Theresa, it's all right.
Theresa: No, it isn't. To say that you'll break up our engagement, our
relationship if you ever found out that I lied?
Ethan: Look, I didn't want to make the promise, ok? I would never gamble our
love on our future. But it was a meaningless bet because I can't lose. The odds
are totally in my favor.
Theresa: In your favor?
Ethan: Yes, because we are going to get married and we are going to spend the
rest of our lives together. Theresa, nothing -- and I mean nothing -- could ever
make me call off our engagement. And besides, I mean, you're the one who told me
to do and say whatever I could to get my mother to put the past behind her.
Theresa: Yes, but, Ethan --
Ethan: No, look, it was an easy bet because it's not going to happen. You'd
never do anything to hurt me and you'd never lie to me.
Theresa: Ok, you promised me that Ethan wouldn't find out about this.
Julian: Well, he won't, he can't. God knows what would happen to me if either
your brother or, God forbid, Rebecca knew we were married. I want this annulment
as much as you, Theresa, perhaps more.
Ethan: Theresa, what is it?

Brian: I just want you to understand that I know why you kissed me back.
Because you thought I was the man that you loved.
Sheridan: Yes.
Brian: Well, I kissed you because I love you.
Sheridan: Oh, you can't say that.
Brian: But it's true.
Sheridan: No, it can't be. We just met.
Brian: Diana, look, I have been close to other women before and I have never
felt anything like this. I was in love with you from the moment that I pulled
you out of the water.
Sheridan: No, I was half-dead when you pulled me out of the water. You felt
sorry for me and you still do.
Brian: You're wrong, Diana.
Sheridan: You know, remembering the man that I love and that no one would
come looking for me really hurt me. You saw how torn up I was. And you kissed me
because you're a nice guy.
Brian: No, that's not true.
Sheridan: You saved me from drowning. You saved me physically. And now you're
just trying to save me emotionally by saying that you love me.
Brian: Look, you can vent all the excuses that you want to, but the fact of
the matter is --
Sheridan: No, please, just don't. Don't say &quot;love.&quot; I know what true love is.
And I will never feel that again.
Brian: Diana, don't cry. Don't cry.

Liz: The boat owner's friend.
Luis: Yeah. Yeah, I came down here to sail it back.
Liz: Oh, name's Liz.
Luis: Hi, pleased to meet you.
Liz: Likewise. Oh, the owner of the boat and I have talked on the phone a
couple times, but we've never met.
Luis: Oh, you run this place?
Liz: Yep. Joint's mine. All mine.
Luis: It's nice.
Liz: Yeah?
Luis: Yeah.
Liz: I wish more people felt like that.
Luis: Why, are things slow?
Liz: I got more time on my hands than I could use.
Luis: Well, I know you've got at least a couple guests. I came in and I heard
some guy call a woman named Diana.
Liz: You did?
Luis: Yeah, I didn't see them. They were already going out when I came
through the door.
Liz: Oh. I didn't know they were back.

Simone: Tabitha!
Charity: Are you ok?
Tabitha: Well, I've felt better.
Miguel: How'd this happen?
Tabitha: I was up here with my doll, getting ready for the Crane wedding, and
suddenly there was this great roar and this tree came crashing through the
window and we got pinned.
Reese: You know, according to &quot;Lord of the Rings,&quot; trees are the wisest of
all God's inanimate creations.
Tabitha: Lord of the who?
Simone: Rings.
Tabitha: Never heard of him.
Reese: And Native Americans believe that the souls of the dead sometimes live
on in ancient trees. Maybe the spirits are trying to tell us something.
Tree: Beware. Beware.
Charity: Beware.
Reese: Maybe the spirits are trying to warn us that there's evil among us.
What have you been up to, Tabitha?
Tabitha: Me? I haven't been up to anything.
Simone: Reese, what is wrong with you?
Reese: Me?
Simone: Yeah, upsetting her, yelling at her. We need to be trying to help
her.
Miguel: Don't worry, Tabitha, we'll get you out of here.
Kay: How, Miguel? The only way I can think of is to cut the tree down.
Miguel: Call the fire department. Tell them to bring chainsaws.
Charity: No, no, no. You're not going to hurt this tree. This tree is my
friend.

Harper: There's no reason things can't work out, Julian. You and Rebecca
should be married before the ink dries on these.
Julian: Tell me those are the annulment papers.
Harper: They finally arrived.
Julian: Oh, give them to me. Where do I sign?
Harper: Right here. And as soon as Theresa adds her signature, the annulment
will be complete.
Julian: Hallelujah.
Harper: And no one will ever know you and Theresa were married.
Julian: No one.
Harper: Pilar won't talk, and certainly Theresa won’t. They're too afraid
that Ethan and Luis will kill you.
Julian: They're afraid?
Harper: And spend the rest of their lives in jail.
Harper: Certainly, Alistair doesn't know about you Theresa?
Julian: What, are you mad? He'd skin me alive. No, the only thing he's
waiting for is for me to marry Rebecca so she can't be forced to testify against
me, which is why this wedding cannot be delayed. I must marry Rebecca.
Harper: Didn't I just tell you that you have nothing to worry about?
Julian: Oh, Harper, there's always something to worry about -- always. How
Ivy would love to get her little paws on these. Could you imagine the trouble
she could cause if she found out that Theresa and I were married? But she won’t.
Oh, no, ivy, my sweet. You've lost. I've won.

Ethan: Theresa, talk to me. What's wrong?
Theresa: Just wondering why your mother made you promise to break off our
engagement if you ever found out that I -- I lied.
Ethan: I told you, we've been through this, and it doesn't matter.
Theresa: But it's almost as if she's implying that she knows something.
Ethan: Theresa, that's silly. She's not implying anything and there's nothing
for her to know. Look you wouldn’t lie to me and you wouldn't hurt me.
Ethan: I don't know. Maybe she's reacting to her failed marriage with Julian.
My mother just wants to protect me. You know, she wants me to be with someone
who believes in the sanctity of marriage and knows that's based on mutual trust
and honesty.
Theresa: Yes. I'm sure she does want that.
Ethan: Someone who believes in the vow to love, honor, and cherish, and that
is the perfect definition of you. You'd never get married more than once. For
you, marriage is forever.

Luis: Well, are they guests or they just work here?
Liz: Well, one's a friend -- Brian. He's a local fisherman, does odd jobs for
me. But Diana -- I don't know much about her. She's a newcomer.
Luis: Well, this sure is a beautiful island. I mean, at least it looks that
way from the plane.
Liz: It has its charms.
Luis: Yeah. Well, I think I'm going to go stretch my legs out and check some
of it out from sea level, and then I’m going to head down to the dock, check out
the boat, you know, make sure it can make that trip back to the states.
Liz: Oh, I think it's pretty seaworthy. Had Brian work on it for me.
Luis: Oh. Well, that's good.
Liz: Yeah, it was really a one-person job. Diana volunteered to give him a
hand, though I don't figure she was much of a help.
Luis: He just likes her company, huh?
Liz: For now. We'll see. You know what -- if you want a good look around the
island, why don't you climb that hill behind the hotel. It's called Lovers'
Leap.
Luis: Thanks. I'll take you up on that. Thanks.
Liz: Ok.

Brian: You know, I thought you could've used some exercise, but you're not
even huffing and puffing. That was a pretty steep climb back there.
Sheridan: Was it? Didn't really notice.
Brian: That's because you are in a-one shape. Oh, I love this place.
Sheridan: Can see almost the entire island.
Brian: Yeah, it’s called Lovers' Leap. Legend has it that a young woman threw
herself from this cliff when she found out that the man she loved was lost at
sea.
Sheridan: Lost at sea?
Brian: I’m so sorry. I didn't mean to bring up that memory that you had.
Sheridan: No, it's all right. I just can't help but wonder if the man that I
loved died at sea while I survived.
[Sheridan screams]
Brian: I've got you. I've got you. Just hang on.
Singer: You are my passion for life
Brian: I've got you. Just hold on to me, ok? I've got you. I've got you. Come
on.
Sheridan: Oh, my God.
Brian: You're ok, you're ok. You're ok. I've got you. Just breathe.
Sheridan: You're becoming like my guardian angel. That's the second time
you've saved my life.
Brian: Look, I would do anything for you.
Sheridan: Oh, Brian.
Brian: Look, I know I said I wouldn't talk about love, but if you'd fallen
off that cliff just now, I don't know what I would have done.
Sheridan: The altitude's getting to both of us. Let's get out of here.
Brian: Ok. Are you ok to stand up?
Sheridan: Yeah.
Brian: Yeah?
Luis: How am I supposed to do it, Sheridan? How am I supposed to go on
without you?

Ivy: Oh, Theresa has convinced my son that she is the most innocent person on
the face of the planet.
Jerry: Innocent? Not according to the Justice of the Peace. He said that
after she and Julian got married; they were ready to commit bigamy. They asked
the Justice to perform a double ceremony.
Ivy: Double?
Jerry: Julian was going to marry Rebecca and Theresa was going to get hitched
to Ethan.
Ivy: What?
Jerry: But after they'd heard that you'd been injured and that Sheridan was
missing, they called it off.
Ivy: Oh, my God. That girl's even more wicked than I imagined. Ok, ok, look,
here's what I want you to do, Jerry -- I want you to fax me that marriage
license. I'm going to give you my private fax number, ok?
Ethan: I don't know who my mother's talking to, but she looks very excited.
Maybe she's getting some good news.

Charity: Look, I won't let you hurt the tree. The tree is my friend.
Miguel: I understand, Charity, ok? I mean, you believe that the tree on the
island helped you save us and that you can communicate with this tree, but --
Charity: Don't hurt it.
Miguel: I don't want to, ok, but it's either Tabitha or the tree. You know,
we have to get the fire department over here to cut down the tree.
Tabitha: I hate to interrupt, but I'm the one who's being choked here. All I
can say is at my advanced age, if you've seen one tree; you've seen them all.
Charity: Tabitha, look, I won't let you get hurt by the tree. I can find a
way to get you out of here without cutting down the tree.
Miguel: How?
Charity: I'm going to ask the tree to let her go.
Kay: Oh.

Ivy: Have you sent it?
Jerry: You should be getting Julian and Theresa’s marriage license any
moment.
Ivy: Wonderful. I am going to give Julian a wedding present they'll never
forget.

Harper: Ah, the groom, looking properly nervous. The fun is just beginning,
Julian.
Julian: Do you delight in my misery?
Harper: Why should you be miserable? Soon you'll be standing at the altar
with your beautiful bride, taking your solemn vows. Smile. Nothing could go
wrong now.
Julian: Well, with the luck I’ve been having lately, nothing could go right.
It's as if I’m cursed. I know who's behind it, too -- Tabitha Lennox and her
little sidekick Timmy, the talking doll. The moment I crossed paths with them,
my life began to unravel. And that doll is no doll. I don't know what it is, but
it's alive.
Harper: If someone were to hear you go on and on about a doll that's alive,
they'd think you'd snapped.
Julian: I'm telling you, Timmy is no doll. It's some sort of flimflam, and
I'm the flimflamee.

Timmy's voice: Timmy hopes Charity can talk the tree into letting Timmy and
Tabby go.
Tabitha: So do I, Timmy, but it's a double-edged sword because it would mean
Charity was coming into her full powers, and then it'll be happy trails for us.
We'll be goners.
Charity: Look, I know this is going to be hard to understand, but I really
think that I can get the tree to let Tabitha and the doll go. At least I’m going
to try.
Kay: My cousin's headed for the loony bin it's going to be easier to get
Miguel than I thought.
Charity: Ok. I know you want to protect me, but there are times when we have
no control over what's going to happen in the future. We just have to let things
play out, even if it means that I’ll be in danger. Whatever may come, I'm going
to face it.
Simone: If I were you, I wouldn't go up against a girl who can make a tree
listen to her. That is really some powerful stuff.

Sheridan: I'd love to go back up there again, maybe even take a picnic.
Brian: Well, then it's a date. I'll arrange everything.
Sheridan: No, you don't have to.
Brian: Hey, I want to. I want to make your stay here as special as possible.
I know you're getting closer to remembering your past, and if and when you do, I
hope that you're ready to forget the life that you left behind you and you'll be
willing to stay on here with me.
Sheridan: Look; I don't know what the future holds, Brian, but I can tell you
it's good to have you in my life. When I needed a friend the most, you were
there.
Brian: And I always will be.
Sheridan: Oh, my scarf. I must have dropped it on lovers' leap.
Brian: Oh, you know, I'll go back and get it.
Sheridan: No, no, that's all right. I'll go and get it. I'll be right back.
Luis: I would have searched forever for you, Sheridan. I would have gone to
the ends of the earth. But now I have to accept that you're gone, that you're
gone forever. Good-bye.

Miguel: A big gust of wind must have bent the tree and slammed it through the
window.
Kay: Yeah. And then another one must have whipped it out, I guess.
Tabitha: No, no, I've got the explanation, and it has nothing to do with
Charity being able to command the trees, so don't you worry about that, dear.
No, as I see it, it's the roots. The roots are loose. I've seen that tree
bending wildly in windstorms.
Reese: Yeah, when was that, a couple hundred years ago?
Miguel: Knock it off, Reese. Now, come on, we'd better check out those roots,
make sure this thing doesn't come crashing down and really hurt someone.
Simone: Are you all right, Tabitha?
Tabitha: Oh, yes, dear, I'm fine. But I really must be going. I don't want to
be late for the wedding.
Charity: Miguel and I are doomed. I just know it.
Kay: You're right, Simone, she does have powers -- and they're telling her
she's lost Miguel.
Timmy: Wasn't that awesome, princess, Charity talking to the tree like that?
Tabitha: Oh, awesome? It was frightening. It mean's Charity's powers are
getting stronger by the minute. And if she ever makes love to Miguel, then
she'll come into her full powers and she'll destroy us. Come on, we haven't got
a moment to lose, Timmy. We've got to get to the wedding and then go down to
Hecuba’s lair and find the ingredients we need to help Kay win Miguel.
Timmy: Where's the wedding invitation?
Tabitha: Oh, don't tell me you've lost it.
Timmy: No, it's right here.
Tabitha: Oh, come on.

Julian: Oh, that little weasel. He thinks he's so clever, pretending to be a
doll when he's really Tabitha’s right-hand man.
Singer: There was a boy a very strange, enchanted boy they say he wandered
very far very far over land and sea and then one day
Julian: Oh, my God!
Singer: A magic day he passed my way
[Timmy screams]
Singer: And while we spoke of many things
Timmy: Ow!
Singer: Fools and kings
Timmy: Quit it!
Singer: This he said to me
Timmy: Timmy can't breath. Greetings, Mr. Crane.
Singer: The greatest thing you'll ever learn
Timmy: What?
Singer: Is just to love and be loved in return
Julian: You are a living doll.
Timmy: Like Timmy hasn't heard that one before.
Julian: Scaramouche. He and that old lady are like vultures. Whenever I see
them, I know disaster's about to strike. That doll does concoct the most
delicious drink, however.
Harper: Julian, you have to stop dwelling on Tabitha and her doll. They're
not going to show at the wedding
Julian: Of course it's by invitation only. Who in their right mind would have
invited them?

[Fax machine beeps]
Theresa: Mrs. Crane? Ethan just told me about the promise he made to you. You
know, about breaking our engagement off if he ever found out that I lied or hurt
him again. And I want you to know that I love Ethan more than anything in the
world and I would never do anything to hurt him.
Ivy: How sweet of you, Theresa.
Theresa: Are you expecting a fax, Mrs. Crane?
Ivy: Hmm, yes. I'm about to get the fax of my life.
[Fax machine beeps and whirs]

Liz: The guy that's going to sail the boat back just got here. He's out
taking a walk and he's going to go check on the boat later.
Brian: Well, it's all set to go. Diana and I got her in shipshape. You know,
we really worked well together.
Liz: Good. Sounds like you're making progress.
Brian: Yeah. I'm beginning to think that Diana and I may just have a future
together.
Liz: Well, I just hope you don't wind up getting hurt, Brian. Diana has a
past, and one day it's going to catch up to her.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Tuesday 10/30/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Tuesday 10/30/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Sheridan: I wonder where I dropped it?
Luis: This is crazy. I&#39;m risking my life for a scarf.

Timmy: Are Timmy and Tabby going to just skip Julian’s wedding and sneak
right down to Hecuba’s lair?
Tabitha: No way, lad. No. Those herbs that we need to help Kay get Miguel
away from Charity aren&#39;t going anywhere. They&#39;ll still be down there. And the
real fun is going to take place up above ground in the Crane mansion. Oh, that
wedding is going to be an absolute calamity.

Gwen: Ethan.
Ethan: Gwen.
Gwen: Are -- are you here to see Ivy?
Ethan: I just saw her.
Gwen: How is she holding up?
Ethan: Well, she&#39;s with Theresa. I hope they&#39;re patching things up. There&#39;s
nothing I want more than having my mother bless our wedding. I want her to be
happy about our marriage.
Gwen: Well, the bride and groom should be happy, too, not to mention madly in
love.
Ethan: Theresa and I are ma--
Gwen: I&#39;m not -- I’m not talking about you and Theresa. It&#39;s my mother. I
don&#39;t know what it is, something just isn&#39;t right.

Julian: You&#39;re positive these papers are in order?
Harper: Well, they&#39;re standard annulment papers.
Julian: God. I can&#39;t afford any glitches now, not with Rebecca chomping at
the bit to get married today.
Harper: Relax, Julian.
Julian: Look, you try relaxing with Rebecca breathing down your neck. I tried
to get her to put off the wedding, but she would have none of it.
Harper: Well, I&#39;m sure she&#39;d feel different if she knew you were already
married to Theresa.
Julian: She&#39;d have my head on a platter if she ever found out, shot full of
holes from that little pearl-handled pistol she&#39;s packing under duress.
Harper: Well, the moment Theresa signs those papers, I&#39;ll fax them off to
Bermuda and your worries will be over.
Julian: Where is Theresa anyway? She was in the house earlier.
Harper: Well, I&#39;m sure she&#39;s around.
Julian: Perhaps she&#39;s in the kitchen with Pilar. I&#39;ll call her and tell her
to get that exquisite derriere of hers down here.

Theresa: Must be a very important fax, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Oh, you have no idea.
Theresa: Looks like you can&#39;t wait to read it.
Ivy: You&#39;re so right, Theresa.
Jerry: You should be getting Julian and Theresa’s marriage license any
moment.
Ivy: You know, life can be so strange sometimes. Here I was at absolute rock
bottom, and Julian was going to marry Rebecca and they were going to kick me out
of my own home, strip me of all Crane wealth and power, let me fend for myself.
Theresa: You&#39;re a very strong person, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: You see, I have won.
Theresa: Won what?
Ivy: Game, set, match. This fax -- oh, it&#39;s going to give me the power to
change everything.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life
Theresa: Well, I can see that you&#39;re anxious to get your fax, so I won&#39;t take
up much more of your time.
Ivy: What was it you wanted to talk to me about, dear?
Theresa: I -- I just wanted a moment alone to try to make amends. I know that
you asked Ethan to break off our engagement if he ever found out that I lied or
hurt him again.
Ivy: Do you think that&#39;s unreasonable?
Theresa: I know I should have told him that I knew all along he wasn&#39;t a
Crane. And I know I never should have scanned that letter into my computer. But,
Mrs. Crane, I did not send that e-mail to the tabloid. Someone else did, but it
was my fault that they were able to.
Ivy: Your fault, yes.
Theresa: Believe me, Mrs. Crane, I will never lie to Ethan again or do
anything to hurt him. I swear.
Ivy: Well, I&#39;m glad that you are aware that there will be consequences if you
do, that you will lose him forever.
Theresa: Yes, I know. But it will never happen. I won&#39;t ever lie.
Theresa: Excuse me. Hello?
Julian: Theresa, it&#39;s Julian.
Theresa: What is it?
Julian: Oh, good news. The annulment papers are in my possession, so I want
you to hotfoot it to the living room and sign them so the annulment will be
official and I can marry Rebecca.
Theresa: Oh, that&#39;s the best news ever! Now no one will ever know that you
and I are married.
Julian: Yes, I won&#39;t be a bigamist. I&#39;m home free.
Theresa: I&#39;ll be right there.
Julian: She&#39;s on her way.
Harper: Oh,happy days are here again!
Julian: Ah, perhaps this streak of bad luck I’ve been having, Harper, is
finally over.
Harper: I&#39;ll keep my fingers crossed.
Julian: Yes, well, the problem with the annulment has been solved. What else
could go wrong?
Harper: Well, let&#39;s hope the wedding goes off without a hitch.
Julian: It will as long as Tabitha Lenox and her faux doll don&#39;t show up.
Every time they appear, they bring nothing but trouble with them.
Harper: Julian, you&#39;ll have to pull yourself together and stop blubbering on
about this doll because that&#39;s all it is -- plastic and stuffing. It&#39;s certainly
not human.

Tabitha: Got the invitation?
Timmy: Right here.
Tabitha: Good lad. We shouldn&#39;t have any trouble getting in with this.

Sheridan: Where could I have -- oh. What&#39;s that?
Luis: I can&#39;t believe I just risked my life for a scarf. What the hell does
that mean? Wonder who it belongs to. .
Sheridan: Ow!
Luis: What was that?

Liz: Well, it won&#39;t be long before Diana’s whole past comes back to her.
Brian: Well, doc said it might take a year, maybe more. I&#39;m just hoping that
by the time she remembers who she is and where she&#39;s from, she will be so hooked
on this place --
Liz: And you.
Brian: That she won&#39;t ever want to leave. All I need to do is figure out how
to make her forget about
Liz: You are chasing a ghost, my friend. No woman ever forgets about the love
of her life.
Brian: He&#39;s dead, Liz. Diana really has no reason to leave the island. So I
have nothing to worry about. Unless, of course, the guy comes back from the
dead.

Luis: Must have been the wind.
Luis: Smells like Sheridan. Sunshine. I love the way you smell.
Sheridan: I&#39;m not wearing any perfume.
Luis: You don&#39;t need any. It&#39;s the sun in your hair. It&#39;s like nothing else I
ever smelled. Can&#39;t be Sheridan. She&#39;s gone. We&#39;ll never be together again.
Well, I bet whoever lost this is going to look for it again.
Luis: Looks like Beth’s boat.

Tabitha: Good evening to you, young man.
Man: Uh-huh.
Tabitha: Lovely evening for a wedding.
Man: Can I see your invitation?
Tabitha: Oh.
Man: And this was given to you personally?
Tabitha: Voila!
Timmy: Tabby swiped one of the invitations?
Tabitha: Indeed I did, lad. Tomorrow we will be going to a wedding, and it is
on the Crane estate and we will be on our way to Hecuba’s lair. Of course. How
else would I have got it?
Man: Where&#39;s your car?
Timmy: Uh-oh.
Tabitha: My chauffeur is allergic to dust. And as you know, the Crane
driveway is notorious for its dust. He simply refuses to drive up it, and so I
walked.
Man: Ok. Go on ahead, then.
Tabitha: Thank you.

Ethan: So what you&#39;re saying is that it isn&#39;t a marriage made in heaven.
Gwen: Yeah, hardly.
Ethan: Have you tried to talk your mother out of it?
Gwen: Yeah, many times, but she won&#39;t hear of it. You know, being a Crane
means everything to her and she&#39;s not going to let anything get in her way.
Ethan: Well, I haven&#39;t given up. I&#39;m going to keep trying. In fact, excuse
me.

Julian: Damn that girl. Where is she? Theresa promised she&#39;d be here to sign
the annulment papers.
Ethan: Talking to yourself, Julian? Pre-wedding jitters?
Julian: Ah, well, something like that, yes.
Ethan: You know, maybe you should think about it.
Julian: Think about what?
Ethan: Postponing the wedding for a few days, at least until your divorce is
straightened out with mother.
Julian: Well, there&#39;s nothing to straighten out. The divorce is completely
and utterly aboveboard.
Ethan: You never discussed a settlement with her.
Julian: Well, why should I? She had over 20 years to discuss the fact with me
that you were Sam Bennett’s son, not mine.
Ethan: That&#39;s not the same thing.
Julian: It is to me. End of discussion. The wedding will not be postponed.
Rebecca and I shall be married today, come hell or high water.
Ethan: Well, fair warning, Julian. I&#39;m going to do whatever I can, take
whatever legal steps are available to protect my mother. And if I have to, I
will file an immediate injunction.
Julian: Oh, save your breath. It won&#39;t do you any good. I guarantee it.
Ethan: How can you be so sure, Julian?
Julian: Well, how can you be so naive?
Ethan: What are you not telling me?

Ivy: Well, you&#39;re positively beaming, Theresa. Was the phone call good news?
Theresa: It was the best news I could have ever hoped for.
Ivy: Really?
Theresa: Yes. There was this problem, but now it&#39;s all been taken care of.
Ivy: How nice.
Theresa: I&#39;m so sorry, Mrs. Crane, but I do have to leave.
Ivy: Oh, so soon?
Theresa: I hope you believe that I would never do anything to hurt Ethan.
Ivy: So you keep saying, Theresa, as do Ethan and your mother. Oh, they sing
your praises. You know, they believe every word you say.
Theresa: Mama and Ethan love me. They have faith in me, and they know I
always try to do the right thing.
Ivy: Yes. Don&#39;t we all. But the road to hell is paved with those good
intentions, as they say. Oh -- my fax. Excellent.
Theresa: Is that the good news that you&#39;ve been waiting for?
Ivy: Oh, yes.
Theresa: Does it give you everything that you need to win?
Ivy: Oh, everything and more.
Theresa: That&#39;s great. Well, I will leave you to read it and I will get
going.
Ivy: Wait, Theresa. There was one more thing I wanted to say to you.

Liz: Hey. You&#39;re really worried about her, aren&#39;t you?
Brian: She&#39;s been gone a long time.
Liz: Hey, you know, maybe she ran into the guy that came down to take the
boat back up to the states.
Brian: What?
Liz: Yeah. He wanted to take a walk around the island, so I told him to hike
up to lovers leap.
Brian: Well, what was this guy like? Was he a nice guy or --
Liz: Yeah, nice enough. Sure as hell is hunky, though. Sexy as sin. Luckily
for you, I don&#39;t think he&#39;s staying around for a while. Else-wise, he would give
you some heavy competition for the fair Diana.
Brian: Oh, well, then it&#39;s a good thing I got that boat done when I did, huh?
But Diana may still be upset.
Liz: About what?
Brian: Well, she might have wanted to go back onboard. The boat seemed to
have triggered some memories for her. Something about it seemed very familiar to
her.

Luis: It&#39;s like I can feel Sheridan’s presence. Forget it, man. It&#39;s not like
she&#39;s going to pop up out of the cabin.
Sheridan: Who could have done this?

Tabitha: Now, right after the ceremony, first chance we get, we&#39;ll sneak down
to Hecuba’s lair.
Timmy: Timmy&#39;s not looking forward to that. In fact, Timmy’s got a bad
feeling about this whole caper.
Tabitha: Nothing&#39;s going to go wrong, Timmy. Trust me.
Timmy: Every time Tabitha says, &quot;trust me,&quot; there&#39;s trouble ahead!
Tabitha: Oh, now, would you stop.
Timmy: But Timmy’s worried. If Julian sees him alive, he knows it and he&#39;ll
freak out!
Tabitha: Yes, yes. You&#39;re right about that. We do have to be careful. But I
need you to help me search everything depends on us finding those herbs now. If
charity and Miguel make love, she&#39;ll come into her full powers.
Timmy: And Timmy and Tabby will be done for.
Tabitha: Yes. She&#39;ll destroy us, Timmy. So nothing must deter us from our
mission, not even Mr. Julian Crane.
Timmy: All right, princess. Timmy&#39;s with you -- as always. Let&#39;s just hope
Julian doesn&#39;t see Timmy.

Ethan: Why are you so sure that filing an injunction won&#39;t do any good?
Julian: Because all of the judges in this town are in my pocket. I control
the lot of them. I thought you knew that.
Ethan: Yeah, I did. I just thought I’d give it a shot. I mean, I&#39;ve tried to
stop this wedding using a dozen different legal means, and I’m batting zero.
Julian: You&#39;re a first-class lawyer, Ethan, but Rebecca’s attorney researched
the legality of this wedding and he assured her that it couldn&#39;t be stopped,
even by someone as gifted as you.
Ethan: Well, I&#39;m not giving up.
Julian: Of course you&#39;re not. It&#39;s not in you to quit. You know, I used to
tell everybody that you got your tenacity from me. I even boasted about it.
Ethan: You were quick to deny your ties with me once you found out I wasn&#39;t
your son.
Julian: You&#39;ll never know how much I regret what happened, finding out about
ivy&#39;s affair with Sam Bennett and that you were his son, not mine. It was
perhaps the worst night of my life.
Ethan: Yes, well, there&#39;s nothing gained by revisiting that, Julian.
Julian: You&#39;re right. Water under the bridge.
Ethan: You know, I -- I’m just not sure what you&#39;re gaining by marrying
Rebecca. I mean, unless it&#39;s revenge, I mean, because mother embarrassed you.
Julian: She took you away from me, Ethan. She took my first-born son.
Ethan: It wasn&#39;t her fault.
Julian: I will never forgive her. God, where&#39;s Theresa?
Ethan: What -- what do you want with Theresa?

Theresa: Well, what is it that you wanted to tell me, Mrs. Crane?
Ivy: Oh, what was it that I wanted to tell you? Oh. Oh, yes, yes, yes. On the
subject of you being the cause of everything that&#39;s gone wrong in Ethan’s life
and mine.
Theresa: If that&#39;s the way you feel, I&#39;m -- I’m sorry. But I honestly don&#39;t
know how that letter was sent to the tabloid. I would never do something like
that.
Ivy: Oh. No, of course, you wouldn&#39;t. You haven&#39;t got a malicious bone in your
body. However, had you not scanned the letter into your computer -- well, let&#39;s
see -- my love affair with Sam would still be secret. Harmony wouldn&#39;t have
found out that Ethan wasn&#39;t a Crane. Therefore, Ethan would still be heir to the
Crane Empire. What else? Oh, Julian wouldn&#39;t be divorcing me. I -- I wouldn&#39;t be
thrown out of my own home, and Rebecca -- oh, Rebecca. She wouldn&#39;t even be in
the picture. Is there anything else? Ah, yes. Sam. Sam wouldn&#39;t despise me. And
I wouldn&#39;t have climbed that bloody ladder, gotten struck by lightning, and
ended up in this damn wheelchair!
Theresa: You&#39;re making me sound like a monster, Mrs. Crane! Yes, it does seem
rather far-fetched, doesn&#39;t it? I mean, how could you, one young woman so
seemingly innocent and loving, be so deceitful?
Singer: You are my passion for life
Ivy: To think that you could be responsible for all this pain. It isn&#39;t
possible.
Theresa: I never meant for any of it to happen.
Ivy: Everything that happened to wreck my life, Ethan’s life -- it couldn&#39;t
be your fault. It couldn&#39;t be.
Theresa: Mrs. Crane --
Ivy: I mean, it&#39;s -- it&#39;s all just a series of terrible mistakes, of
accidents, right? I mean, you can&#39;t be the schemer that Gwen says you are or --
or the manipulating bitch only interested in money that Rebecca accuses you of
being. I mean, that&#39;s just not you. It -- it just couldn&#39;t be you.
Theresa: You are so wonderful to -- to understand. I mean, you know that I
don&#39;t care about money, that I never cared if Ethan was a Crane, that I love him
for who he is. And you will see that Ethan and I are going to work hard and save
our money and we are great future together. I am going to do everything I can to
make sure his dream of opening up his own law office comes true.
Ivy: How nice. I had just planned to put Ethan in the White House. You hope
to give him an office in your very own living room. You really do have my son&#39;s
best interest at heart.
Theresa: So -- so we are putting the past to rest? You see me for who I
really am?
Ivy: I see you very clearly, Theresa.
Theresa: Oh. It means a great deal to me, Mrs. Crane -- your forgiveness.
Well, I -- I better get going. But I will stop by with Ethan later.
Ivy: Oh, Theresa? I&#39;m sorry. There was one more thing I wanted to ask you.
Theresa: Yes, Mrs. Crane?
Ivy: It&#39;s about Bermuda.

Ethan: Why do you want Theresa?
Julian: Well, I figured since you were already here, you might want to stick
around for the -- the wedding. But I figured if Theresa wasn&#39;t here you would
leave, so I was just hoping she&#39;d come.
Ethan: I can&#39;t stay, you know that -- not with what you&#39;re doing to mother,
leaving her nothing.
Julian: Ethan, listen to me --
Ethan: No. Maybe if you called off the wedding, if you postponed it for a few
days, then I’d consider listening to you.
Julian: That is not going to happen. This wedding is going ahead as scheduled
today. Your mother is getting exactly what she deserves.
Butler: The first guests have arrived, sir.
Julian: Yes, well, but your mother and I --
Ethan: No, you needn&#39;t explain.
Julian: I&#39;m afraid I still feel rather strongly about the subject.
Ethan: It seems so.
Julian: A word of advice, son -- Ethan -- save your energy. Give up this
business of trying to stop the wedding. Nothing short of a seismic plate shift
could postpone this ceremony, and there hasn&#39;t been earthquake in Harmony for
300 years.
Harper: I just received a call from the judge.
Julian: Yes?
Harper: The man fell and broke his leg. He won&#39;t be officiating at the
wedding.
Julian: I don&#39;t care what he broke. You call him and tell him if he wants to
be re-elected, he&#39;ll crawl here! This wedding will go on!
Harper: He&#39;s in the operating room as we speak. There&#39;s nothing we could do.
Julian: Damn! I thought everything that could go wrong already had. Well,
don&#39;t just stand there! Go find someone else to officiate! Go, go! Do it! This
wedding will go on today!
Butler: Ms. Tabitha Lenox and guest.
Tabitha: Thank you so much for inviting us, Mr. Crane. You&#39;ve no idea how
you&#39;ve touched our hearts.

Sheridan: Hi.
Brian: Oh, Diana. Hey, what happened to your arm? Are you all right?
Sheridan: Oh, yeah, I&#39;m fine. It&#39;s just a scratch. I&#39;m starved.
Brian: Well, then you came to the right place.
Sheridan: I did?
Brian yeah, I was hoping you&#39;d like to have dinner with me tonight. I&#39;ve been
whipping something up in the kitchen and thought you might like to join me. What
do you say?
Sheridan: That&#39;s really sweet of you. I&#39;d love to.
Brian: Well, good. It&#39;s not going to be anything fancy, but I hope you like
it.
Sheridan: Ok, well, I&#39;ll just go shower and change. I&#39;ll be right back.
Brian: All right.
Brian: Well, I&#39;m going to go check on dinner.

Luis: Hey, Liz.
Liz: Hey.
Luis: So I went and checked out the boat. Thing&#39;s in first-class shape. It&#39;s
definitely ready to make the trip back.
Liz: Glad to hear it.
Luis: Yeah.
Liz: Say, did you make it up to lovers leap?
Luis: Yeah. Yeah, I did. It&#39;s beautiful up there. It reminded me of someone
that -- nothing. Is my room ready?
Liz: Oh, it sure is. And you are in room 9.
Luis: Thank you.

Julian: You two! It&#39;s alive. It&#39;s alive! That doll is alive!
Tabitha: Oh, Mr. Crane. Everyone knows Timmy’s just a doll.
Julian: I&#39;ve heard him speak. He makes martimmys. You must believe me. This
doll is alive!
Harper: Yeah, yeah, take it easy. Take it easy.
Ethan: He&#39;s a bit overwhelmed with the wedding and all.
Tabitha: He&#39;s gone bonkers if you ask me.
Ethan: Why don&#39;t you help yourself to some hors d&#39;oeuvres?
Harper: Didn&#39;t I warn you not to go on about that doll --
Julian: But --
Harper: Especially in public?
Julian: But -- but --
Harper: Why would you invite Tabitha and her doll to the wedding anyway?
Didn&#39;t you just say you hoped you never crossed paths with them again? I didn’t
invite them! And certain Rebecca didn&#39;t invite them, either.
Harper: Well, they got an invitation from someone.
Julian: Disaster. This whole thing is a disaster.
Harper: Quiet down, Julian. You&#39;ve made enough of a scene. Anyway, we have
more important things to worry about, like finding a replacement to officiate
your wedding.
Julian: First we have to get Tabitha and her abominable little doll out of
here.
Harper: Julian --
Julian: As long as they&#39;re here, everything will go wrong. I know it.
Timmy: Now what?
Tabitha: The next move is Julian’s.
Timmy: In that case –

Gwen: You ok?
Ethan: It&#39;s Julian. He&#39;s acting very strangely.
Gwen: It&#39;s probably just nerves.
Ethan: Yeah, maybe. But the worst part is, is that he has it in for my
mother. He wants to take everything from her -- her money, her power, her
prestige.
Gwen: Well, to be perfectly honest with you, I’m worried about my mother
marrying that man. I mean, to think of what might happen.
Ethan: Like what?
Gwen: Never mind.
Ethan: No, no. Tell me.
Gwen: My mother and your mother and Julian -- they&#39;ve all just royally
botched their personal lives because of bad choices that they&#39;ve made.
Ethan: Gwen, I know what you&#39;re going to --
Gwen: And I don&#39;t want to see you make that same mistake. Ethan, I just want
what&#39;s best for you, and I don&#39;t think -- I don&#39;t think that&#39;s Theresa. She&#39;s
only going to hurt you.
Ethan: I don&#39;t believe that for a minute.
Gwen: And you know what? I feel like -- I feel like she does the same thing
that our mothers have done, you know? She manipulates the situation. She
manipulates any situation to get what she wants, and that&#39;s you.
Ethan: Look, I understand that you&#39;re hurt. I mean, our break-up wasn&#39;t --
Gwen: God, it&#39;s not about that, Ethan!
Ethan: Well, I just -- there&#39;s no reason for you to blame Theresa. She&#39;s an
innocent in all this.
Gwen: You know, I hope for your sake that you never have to see the real
Theresa because it would break your heart.
Ethan: Gwen, please.
Gwen: She will never love you the way I did, Ethan.
Ethan: Look, Gwen, I care for you a great deal and your opinion means
everything to me. But this criticism of Theresa has got to stop. And hopefully
someday you&#39;ll get a chance to see her for the person she really is -- an honest
and caring person. So will my mother.

Theresa: What about Bermuda, Mrs. Crane?
Ivy: Oh, I don&#39;t know. I just heard about some strange things happening down
there.
Theresa: What strange things?
Ivy: Well, I was hoping you could tell me.
Theresa: Well, there&#39;s -- there&#39;s nothing to tell.
Ivy: Try.
Theresa: I -- I went down to Bermuda to talk Mr. Crane into taking Ethan back
into the family.
Ivy: Oh, there you again, always thinking of Ethan’s future. You are the
little helper.
Theresa: I want to help Ethan very much.
Ivy: Yes. Oh, I&#39;m -- I’m sorry, I&#39;m sorry. So tell me -- what happened when
you went and talked to Mr. Crane?
Theresa: Oh! Whoo! Oh -- Mr. Crane said that he would -- he would think about
it.
Ivy: Right away? I mean, just like that?
Theresa: Yes.
Ivy: I&#39;m impressed, Theresa. How did you get Julian to agree so quickly?
Theresa: I -- I don&#39;t remember.
Ivy: Oh, come on, Theresa. You can share your secret. I mean, really, Mr.
Crane is not so easily swayed.
Theresa: Honestly, I can&#39;t recall. I mean, we were all so upset with
Sheridan’s death that I just --
Ivy: Oh, right. I&#39;m sorry. You were upset. You weren&#39;t thinking clearly.
Theresa: Yes.
Ivy: Yeah. No. No, wait. I seem to remember hearing about something else that
happened in Bermuda. Nothing -- anything tragic like Sheridan’s death. No, this
was more along the lines of a farce, something else that happened between you
and Julian.

Liz: It&#39;s just down, around, and to the right.
Luis: Ok.
Liz: Hey, dinner&#39;s going to be on soon. You&#39;re going to stick around, right?
Luis: Yeah, yeah. That sounds great.
Liz: Uh-huh.
Luis: I&#39;m just going to shower and change first.
Liz: Ok.
Luis: All right.
Luis: Number 9. That&#39;s me.

Gwen: I hope I’m wrong about Theresa, Ethan. I really do. I would just -- I&#39;d
hate to have to say, &quot;I told you so.&quot;
Ethan: You won&#39;t, but thank you for caring. Now, if you&#39;ll excuse me, I need
to make a phone call, see if I can stop this wedding. Honestly, I don&#39;t think
there&#39;s anything I can do to halt it now.
Tabitha: Another?
Timmy: Mm-hmm.
Harper: I&#39;m sorry, Ms. Lenox, but this wedding is a private family affair.
Tabitha: Well -- well, I have an invitation.
Harper: Well, it must have been issued by mistake. You&#39;ll have to leave. I&#39;m
terribly sorry.
Tabitha: Hmm.
Julian: All right. They&#39;re gone. Now, where&#39;s Theresa?
Tabitha: Well, it&#39;s obvious we&#39;re not wanted here.
Timmy: Shucks. Well, Timmy and Tabby will just have to go home and Timmy will
whip up a batch of martimmy.
Tabitha: Not so fast, lad. We came here to get into Hecuba’s lair, and that&#39;s
exactly what we&#39;re going to do.
Timmy: But Julian’s going to freak if he sees Timmy and Tabby back in there.
Tabitha: Not to worry. We&#39;re going to make Julian very happy to see us.
Timmy: Tabitha really scares Timmy whenever she gets that look in her eyes.
What&#39;s up, Tabby?
Tabitha: Oh, you&#39;re going to love it, Timmy! You&#39;re going to love it! Come
on.

Ivy: I heard something else went on between you and Julian in Bermuda.
Theresa: I don&#39;t know what you&#39;re talking about.
Ivy: What was -- oh, wait, I know. I heard that Ethan thought Julian had
harmed you in some way, and so Ethan went looking for you. Now, what was that
all about?
Theresa: It was nothing. It was a mistake. Ethan and I worked it out.
Ivy: Oh. So I don&#39;t have to worry about what happened in Bermuda?
Theresa: No. It&#39;s all in the past.
Ivy: Is it?
Theresa: Well, I really should be going, Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Oh -- what did you call me, Theresa?
Theresa: I called you Mrs. Crane.
Ivy: Don&#39;t call me Mrs. Crane, Theresa. Because as you well know, you are
Mrs. Crane -- Mrs. Julian Crane!
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Wednesday 10/3101



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Wednesday 10/31/01






Proofread by Stephanie O.
Tabitha: We have to get back to the Crane wedding so we can sneak down to
Hecuba’s lair and find those herbs we need to help Kay steal Miguel away from
charity.
Timmy: Then why are Timmy and Tabby back at home?
Tabitha: Because we were unceremoniously booted out of the mansion. Remember?
Timmy: Timmy remembers. But Tabby said --
Tabitha: I said that we were going to find another way onto the Crane
grounds, and that's why we're here. I've had a marvelous idea.
Timmy: Whenever Tabby gets a marvelous idea, Timmy winds up in trouble.
Tabitha: Oh. Don't worry. This plan's foolproof, Timmy. You're not going to
get hurt. The Crane guards will never even know we're there. Come on. Hurry!

Harper: I'm calling for Julian Crane. The judge that was scheduled to marry
him today broke his leg and had to cancel. Yes, we need a replacement
immediately.
Julian: I can't believe that judge canceled. I put him on the bench. I can
certainly take him off the bench!
Harper: Well, call someone else. This is an emergency.
Julian: You know, this is all Tabitha’s fault, crazy old bat! And that
living, breathing so-called doll of hers. Whenever they appear, there's a
disaster.
Harper: Please, call me back as soon as you find someone. Julian, I wish you
would stop talking about that doll being alive. There could be reporters lurking
around. How would you like yourself to be the topic of a &quot;wall street journal&quot;
story -- &quot;Julian Crane sees doll come alive&quot;?
Julian: Harper, that doll is alive.
Harper: Never mind that. You're in bigger trouble than that at the moment.
You're about to marry Rebecca and your marriage to Theresa is not annulled.
You'll be committing bigamy.
Julian: Yes, yes, I'm completely of the jeopardy.
Harper: Well, then get Theresa down here to sign these annulment papers.
Julian: I spoke with her. She said she'd be right here, but I'm more worried
about that little pearl-handled pistol of Rebecca’s. If we do not marry on
schedule, not only will she go to the media and tell them that I had my sister
killed, but she'll use that gun on me. So find another judge to marry us before
I'm singing soprano in jail!

Gwen: I can't believe you're wearing a gun to your wedding, mother.
Rebecca: Gwen, a Crane woman has to be prepared for everything.
Gwen: I wonder if I'll ever be a Crane woman.
Rebecca: Don’t worry, you will. As soon as I marry Julian, we get him to
adopt Ethan. And once Ethan is a Crane again, then we get rid of Theresa.
Gwen: How? He's about to marry her any minute now.
Rebecca: Be patient. Theresa is impulsive. She doesn't think things through.
And as my father always said, if you fail to plan, then you plan to fail. Now,
Theresa is going to make some mistake and she's going to lose Ethan.
Gwen: It better be soon.
Rebecca: Oh, I think she's already made this tragic mistake. We just don't
know what it is yet. Oh, but it is out there, just waiting for someone to reveal
it.

Theresa: What did you just call me, Mrs. Crane?
Ivy: I told you not to call me that! You are Mrs. Julian Crane. I know your
secret, Theresa!
Theresa: I don't know what you're talking about.
Ivy: Of course, you do! I sent an investigator down to Bermuda, Theresa. He
talked to the Justice of the Peace at the resort. The man cracked. He squealed.
He spilled the beans. Did you really think that no one was going to find out?
Theresa: You can't prove it! You can't prove any of it!
Ivy: No? Oh, let's see. Hmm.
This is the fax I just received. It's from Bermuda. It is a copy of your
marriage license proving that you married Julian!
Theresa: Oh, my God. Oh, Ethan.
Ivy: Yes. Oh, yes, you can say good-bye to Ethan, Theresa, when he hears
about this one, and I am going to make sure he knows what you have done! Ethan
will never forgive you this time, Theresa! I knew that you were hiding
something, you and Julian. And now I know the truth! Oh-ho! And soon Ethan will
know the truth! The whole world will know the truth that you are Mrs. Julian
Crane!

Liz: Wow. You're really going all out for this dinner with Diana, aren't you?
Brian: Well, I do want it to be special, Liz.
Liz: I can see that. Brian, I know I've said it before, but I --
Brian: Look, I know, I know. You think I'm setting myself to get my heart
broken.
Liz: You know, you have done everything in your power to get Diana to fall in
love with you. But what if she suddenly gets her memory back? She's going to
leave this island, and then what are you going to do?
Sheridan: Hmm. What to wear to my dinner with Brian? That's strange. I
suddenly just got the feeling that very soon something in my life is going to
change. Maybe I'll remember who I really am. I just can't shake this feeling
that everything I'm looking for, all the answers I need, are behind some door
nearby.
Luis: Number 9. That's me.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life

Harper: Judge Benson? Oh. Thank you. That was his clerk. We missed the judge
by five minutes. He's on the way to Alaska.
Julian: Alaska? Uh --
[Intercom buzzes]
Julian: What is it?
Rebecca: Julian, why are we starting the ceremony so late?
Julian: I'm sorry, my pet, but -- the judge canceled.
Rebecca: What?
Julian: Yes, but Harper’s doing everything he can to find an immediate
replacement.
Rebecca: Oh, this had better not be one of your tricks. You better not be
trying to weasel out of marrying me.
Julian: Oh, no, my darling. I want to marry you more than anything in the
world.
Rebecca: You better mean that because if you don't, I'm going to put little
Julian out of commission -- for good.
Julian: Oh, no, I swear I had nothing to do with the judge canceling. He
broke his leg.
[Phone rings]
Harper: This is Harper.
Tabitha: Oh, Mr. -- Ahem --
[Disguised voice] Mr. Harper, I understand you're in need of someone to
perform a wedding ceremony.
Harper: Yes, we're in desperate need.
Tabitha: Well, I have someone for you.
Harper: Oh, great. How soon can you be here?
Tabitha: Oh -- well, we can be there soon.
Harper: Fantastic.
Julian: Oh. Did you find another judge?
Harper: Oh, what's the judge's name?
Tabitha: Well, he's -- he's not exactly a judge.
Harper: Well, then who's going to perform the ceremony? A what? No, no. Thank
you. That'll be fine. Well, we have someone to perform the ceremony. They will
be right over.
Julian: Oh, thank God. Rebecca? Good news, not to worry. Help is on the way.
We'll be married before you can say, &quot;Stick 'em Up.&quot;
Rebecca: Good. Call me when it's time. I am so ready to become Mrs. Julian
Crane.
Julian: Yes.
[Turns off intercom]
Julian: And I'm ready to have another drink.
Harper: Julian, there's something you should know about this person that's
going to marry you.
Julian: Listen, I don't care if it's a three-legged Cyclops as long as he
gets the job done and gets Rebecca off my back.
Harper: Whatever you say.

Tabitha: Hurry up, Timmy. Everything's all set.
Timmy: Timmy thinks this is a terrible idea.
[Tabitha chuckles]
Tabitha: Oh, it's brilliant!
Timmy: Julian will kill Timmy the minute he sees him.
Tabitha: Oh, don't worry. He'll never recognize you. Oh, I'm so glad I didn't
throw that costume out. Come on, Timmy. We got to go. Oh! Timmy, you look
wonderful!
Timmy: How's Timmy going marry Julian and Rebecca? He doesn't even know
Hebrew.
Tabitha: It's going to work. Don't worry. Julian's world is going to unravel
completely, and I for one don't want to miss it. Come on, Rabbi.

Ivy: Get up! Get up!
Theresa: Oh. Oh. What happened?
Ivy: &quot;What happened&quot;? You tried to avoid me by fainting. But it won't work,
you lying little bitch. How could you hurt my son again?
Theresa: I never meant to hurt Ethan, Mrs. Crane!
Ivy: I am not Mrs. Crane. You are Mrs. Crane, and I cannot wait to tell
Ethan. You will never marry my son, Theresa. I promise you that. Ethan will
never forgive you for this!
Ethan: Forgive you for what, Theresa? What -- what's going on here?
Theresa: Ethan!
Ivy: Oh, I'll tell you what's going on!
Theresa: No, don't listen to her!
Ivy: When Theresa was in Bermuda with Julian --
Theresa: We have to get out of here right now, Ethan!
Ivy: No, wait!
Theresa: Right now!
Ivy: No! You will listen to me because I know the truth. I know what Theresa
has done!
Theresa: No, Mrs. Crane!
Ivy: Ethan, remember when you promised me that you would break off your
engagement with Theresa if she ever lied to you again or kept any secret?
Ethan: Yes, but she told me she wasn't hiding anything from me.
Ivy: Then she is a liar and a slut!
Ethan: Mother, stop it!
Ivy: No!
Ethan: No, I won't let you talk to Theresa that way! Come on, let's go!
Ivy: Oh, no! No! No! Before you go then, you read this.
Ethan: Why? What is it?
Ivy: Just you look at it.
Theresa: No, Ethan! Please don't look at it!
Ethan: What -- what is this? What does this mean, Theresa?
Ivy: It means your lovely fiancée is married -- to Julian!
Theresa: I can explain, Ethan, what happened!
Ivy: Oh, what is there to explain? She married Julian!
Theresa: Ethan --
Ethan: Is this true?
Theresa: Yes! Yes. It's true. I -- I am married to -- to Julian.

Brian: What do you think? Huh? Huh?
Liz: You look very elegant. Hmm. And just think -- you'll wear a suit for
Diana, but I couldn't even get you to change into a clean t-shirt for one of my
parties.
Brian: Yeah, I know. I -- Diana, she seems like the suit type. There's
something about her. She's not like us, you know. Kind of regal. Don't you
think?
Liz: Yeah, I remember we said that when you first brought her here -- not
stuck-up, just --
Brian: Confident, like me. Right? I think we're a perfect match.
Singer: You are my passion for life.

Man: Ok. Mr. Harper called down. You're cleared.
Second man: You can go in.
Tabitha: [Disguised voice] Well, thank you very much.
Timmy: Shalom.
Tabitha: [Normal voice] &quot;shalom&quot;?
Timmy: The spirit moved Timmy. He feels comfortable in this outfit. Maybe
Timmy should convert.
Tabitha: From what? Come on, we haven't got time to discuss theology. We've
got a wedding to perform. Ahem.
Man: I didn't know the Cranes were Jewish.

Luis: Oh, man.
Luis: That's weird. There's a strange feeling of Sheridan, like she was in
the room. Yeah. I knew coming down here was going to stir memories of her. I'm
just going to have to learn how to accept the reality that she's gone. I have to
learn how to handle that, that Sheridan’s gone. I got to get on with my life.
[Noise]
Sheridan: What was that? Nothing, I guess.
Luis: Just wish I didn't miss you so much.
[Knock on door]
Liz: What are you doing in here?
Luis: This is room 9, the room you gave me, isn't it?
Liz: No. I am so sorry. This is room 6. I have got to put a nail in this
thing.
Luis: Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't walk in on anyone.
Liz: Yeah. This is Diana’s room. I guess she's in the bathroom.
Luis: It's a good thing I didn't catch her changing.
Sheridan: I'm not hearing things. Someone's in my room.

Theresa: It's not what it -- it looks like, Ethan. It was a mistake, a
horrible mistake!
Ethan: How could you do this Theresa?
Theresa: I don't know. I had too much champagne and --
Ethan: Too much champagne? That's all it took to marry Julian?
Ivy: Get rid of her, Ethan! Throw her out!
Theresa: No, please.
Ethan: No, mother's right. I want you out of this house and I want you out of
my life!
Theresa: No, you don't mean that, Ethan!
Ethan: I want you out! God, I can't believe a fool I was! To think I loved
you? I hate you. I hate you for what you've done to my life.
Ivy: Get up, you little tramp! Wake up! Wake up! You can't faint on me, damn
it! Wake up and face the music!
Theresa: Ethan. Where's Ethan?
Ivy: No, Ethan’s not here, Theresa. But as soon as he arrives, I will tell
him everything, every seedy, sordid detail.
Theresa: He doesn't know? It was a dream?
Ivy: Don't worry. He'll know soon enough. And he promised me that he would
dump you the next time you lied to him, and, oh, boy, this one's a whopper!
Theresa: Mrs. Crane, please, let me explain!
Ivy: No, you know, Theresa, this marriage license -- it's all the explanation
I need, and you should have seen your face when I showed it to you. It was
priceless. And I can't wait to see Rebecca’s face when I show her. Oh, I'm going
to fix her for trying to kick me out of my own home! Isn't it wonderful,
Theresa? I'm having revenge on you, on Rebecca, and Julian all at once. It's
perfect!
Theresa: I am begging you, Mrs. Crane. You can't tell anyone.
Ivy: Oh, I can, and I will, Theresa. It's over, Cinderella. You will never
marry the prince, never.

Luis: Ok. Lead the way.
Liz: It's just down the hall.
Sheridan: Hello? Is anyone there? I guess I'm imagining things. I could have
sworn I heard people talking.

Harper: Yes?
Tabitha: [Disguised voice] I called earlier about the Rabbi.
Harper: Oh, yes. But you do understand that the Cranes are not Jewish?
Tabitha: Oh, don't worry about that, sir. The Rabbi has performed many civil
ceremonies.
Harper: Oh, excellent. And where is the Rabbi? Oh, I am terribly sorry. And
who are you?
Tabitha: I'm the Rabbi's assistant and chauffeur.
Timmy: When is the ceremony supposed to start?
Harper: Very soon. Mr. Crane is just settling a few last-minute details.
Tabitha: Ahem. Mr. Harper, we have to arrange something for the Rabbi here,
you know, inasmuch as he's vertically challenged.
Harper: What? Oh, oh, yes, yes. I'll take care of everything.
Tabitha: Thank you.
Harper: Oh, this wedding's going to be a weird one. Why am I not surprised?
Tabitha: [Normal voice] Timmy, you hold the fort down here. I'm going to run
down to Hecuba’s lair, ok?
Timmy: Tabby can't leave Timmy. He doesn't know how to perform a wedding
ceremony.
Tabitha: Don't worry about that. I'll be right back, tell you exactly what to
do. Ahem.
Timmy: Oy. Timmy needs a martimmy.
Julian: Has the official arrived to perform the ceremony?
Harper: Yes. But there is something you should know about him.
Julian: Shh. It doesn't matter. My fate is sealed. There's no way I can avoid
marrying Rebecca now.
Harper: Where in the hell is Theresa? She should have been here by now to
sign these annulment papers.

Theresa: I thought that I was marrying Ethan, not Julian!
Ivy: Well, that's good, but it doesn't fly.
Theresa: It's the truth.
Ivy: So, you're telling me that Julian got you drunk and then married you?
Theresa: Yes.
Ivy: Well, knowing what a bastard Julian is, I could believe that. But I
don't because I know the truth. Gwen tried to warn me. Rebecca even tried to
warn me. Everyone said you were just a gold-digging little tramp, but I didn't
believe them. And sure enough, you managed to steal Ethan away from Gwen. And
then, when Ethan found out that you lied about having my letter on your
computer, you thought he was so upset that he would never marry you, so you
figured out another way to get your hands on the Crane fortune. You went to
Bermuda and you tricked Julian into marrying you.
Theresa: No, that's not what happened. I went down to Bermuda to try to
convince Julian into taking Ethan back into the Crane family. I wanted to make
it up to him for everything that he lost because of me, because someone sent
your letter that I put on my computer to the tabloid and Julian divorced you and
Ethan lost everything.
Ivy: Or was that all part of your master plan to begin with?
Theresa: What?
Ivy: Your plan to have me kicked out of the marriage and Ethan dethroned so
you could have the big cheese himself, Julian!
Theresa: Mrs. Crane, I love Ethan with all of my heart and would never do
anything to hurt him.
Ivy: That is all you have ever done, Theresa!
Theresa: I keep telling you it was a mistake!
Ivy: Well, there's just one problem with that, Theresa. I can't believe a
word that comes out of your mouth because you are a liar! And as soon as Ethan
sees this marriage license, you're history. He will never love you again
Singer: You are my passion for life.

Liz: This is your room. Is it all right?
Luis: Yeah, it's nice. It's great. I'm telling you, I’m just glad I didn't
walk in on that woman.
Liz: Me, too. All right, this room has a balcony with a really lovely view.
Luis: Wow. Wow, this is great.
Sheridan: This resort is amazing.
Luis: I'm glad you like it.
Liz: Are you all right?
Luis: Yeah, I'm fine. I was -- I was just thinking about my fiancée.
Liz: Oh, you should have her come down, join you.
Luis: I wish I could. It's not possible.
Liz: Oh, what a shame. It is a very romantic island. Ok. I'll leave you to
unpack.
Sheridan: Oh, hey, Liz.
Liz: Hey. I just wanted to tell you that Brian is waiting.
Sheridan: Thanks. Tell him I’ll be there in just a minute.
Liz: I will.&nbsp;
Luis: Where's the picture of me and Sheridan? I must have left it in that
woman's room.
Luis: Excuse me, Miss! You in there? I think I left something in your room by
accident.

Timmy: Ah! Nirvana! Now, if they only have the martimmy ingredients.
Maid: Mr. Crane?
Julian: What now?
Maid: From Mrs. Hotchkiss. She said it's an early wedding present.
Julian: Hopefully, it's a pre-nup.
Julian: What the hell?
Harper: What is it? Good God, it isn't authentic, is it?
Julian: No. It's a mockup. It's a not so subtle warning from Rebecca that
this wedding had better happen.
[Intercom buzzes]
Julian: Yes?
Rebecca: Did you get my wedding present?
Julian: Yes, I did.
Rebecca: Then why don't I hear &quot;Here Comes the Bride&quot;?
Harper: We're working on getting the ceremony started, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Oh, well, make it snappy because I have &quot;USA Today&quot; on speed dial on
my cell phone.
Julian: I need another drink.
Harper: That makes two of us.

Theresa: Please, Mrs. Crane! Don't tell Ethan! I will do anything.
Ivy: I'm all out of pity, Theresa. I'm just glad I found out in time. Uh!
Theresa: I can't let you do this to me. I won't let you do this!
Ivy: What do you think you're doing?
Theresa: I won't let you take Ethan away from me. I am not going to let you
do it.

Luis: Hello? Is anyone there? She must have gone out.
Sheridan: I love you.
Luis: I love you, too.
Luis: Sheridan, I miss you so much.

Brian: Perfect.
Sheridan: The table looks beautiful, Brian.
Brian: No, you -- you look beautiful. Absolutely stunning.
Sheridan: Thank you. And you look very handsome in your suit.
Brian: Oh, what, this old thing? Thanks. That dress -- it looks like it was
made for you.
Sheridan: Really? I just pulled it out of the suitcase that Liz gave me.
Brian: It's amazing how all those clothes fit. Here. Please sit down.
Sheridan: Thank you.
Brian: Well, I hope you are hungry.
Sheridan: I am famished.
Brian: Good. Here.
Brian: There you go.
Sheridan: What are you doing?
Luis: Well, I'm here to make sure that you don't die, and that includes
starvation.
Sheridan: That's your steak.
Luis: My tender, juicy, perfectly broiled steak.
Brian: Diana, is something wrong?
Sheridan: It was strange. I just had another memory. I keep getting this
feeling that the key to my past is somewhere close by.
Sheridan: My room! The key to my past is in my room!

Timmy: Timmy knew Julian would have Timmy’s special martimmy ingredients. Ah.
This batch is special.
Julian: I'll have Pilar’s head on a platter. She should have seen we were low
on scotch in the living room bar.
Timmy: Julian.
Julian: What's this?
Harper: Oh, who cares? Just pour me a glass.
Julian: It's the doll's drink. It's nectar of the doll’s.
Timmy: Oy vay.
Harper: What are you talking about, nectar of the doll's?
Julian: What are you doing?
Timmy: Drinking martimmys. You want one?
Julian: Well, yes, if it'll make me feel better.
Timmy: You know what? It's stronger than the hair of a dog.
Julian: Who?
Timmy: You'll see.
Julian: Hmm.
Oh, it's really quite good. The doll was giving me this drink. He's here.
He's got to be here.
Harper: Relax, Julian. You know Tabitha and her doll were thrown off the
property, remember?
Julian: No, he's here. He made this pitcher of drinks.
Harper: Julian, you've been under a tremendous strain. I think as soon as you
and Rebecca are married, you should check into a spa for a few weeks. It's time,
Julian. Let's go.
Julian: I'll find you, you little doll. Damn you, I'll find you. Oh, God,
that's good.

Ivy: Theresa, have you lost your mind?
Theresa: I told you, I am not going to let you leave this room.
Ivy: You can't stop me!
Theresa: The wedding!
Ivy: Oh, no, no. I stopped Ethan from marrying you and I will stop Julian
from marrying Rebecca. But first, I want Ethan up here -- uh! Oh!
Theresa: Julian has the annulment papers. I'll just sign them and I'm going
to find Ethan and we're going to leave. We're going to elope and we're going to
go far away from this house, this evil house.
Ivy: Do you honestly think he will never find out? I will tell him!
Theresa: It doesn't matter, because once we're married, Ethan will never
divorce me.
Ivy: This conversation is over. I'm going to go find Ethan and I am going to
go tell him the truth!
Theresa: I won't let you tell him!
Ivy: Theresa, what are you doing?
Theresa: I'm going to stop you. I won't let you tell Ethan!

Tabitha: Oh, I don't have much time. I got to get back upstairs and help
Timmy with the wedding ceremony. Now, let's see. Ah! Eye of the newt! Perfect!
Perfect. Pigweed root aphrodisia. Whoo-hoo!
Face: Tabitha Lenox, what are you doing? Why are you stealing these
concoctions?
Tabitha: Good grief, you frightened the living daylights out of me.
Face: Tell me what you're doing. I won't let you leave until you do.
Tabitha: Ahem. I'm just picking up a few ingredients to help along with the
pain and suffering in Harmony. Julian and Rebecca, Ethan and Theresa -- they all
better fasten their seat belts. They're in for a bumpy ride.
[Tabitha chuckles]
Harper: Oh, there you are. The ceremony is about to start.
Timmy: But --
Harper: Come along.
Timmy: Where are you, princess?
Julian: Harper. All set? Where is the person who's going to marry us?
Harper: Oh, he's here, Julian, but prepare yourself. You're about to see a
ceremony like you've never seen before.
Julian: What do you mean?

Ivy: No, Theresa, don't!
Theresa: Agh!
[Ivy screams]
Ivy: Stop it, Theresa! Stop! Stop it!
Theresa: Now, I am going to sign the annulment papers and I’m going to find
Ethan and we are going to elope and you won't even be able to get out of this
room! I am sorry; Mrs. Crane, but I can't lose Ethan. I can’t.
Ivy: No. No, I will not let you marry my son! I will not! No!

Luis: When am I ever going to accept the fact that I'll never see you again?
Brian: Diana, how can the key to your past be in your room?
Sheridan: I'm not sure, but I just remembered something. I was in such a
hurry to get down here that I didn't pay any attention to it. I just glanced at
it quickly. There was a framed photo on my nightstand, and I didn't put it
there, but it was a picture of me and a man.
Brian: Wait a minute, you're kidding. Who was the man?
Sheridan: I don't know. It didn't really register, but I got to go back to my
room to see if I'm crazy or not.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Thursday 11/1/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Thursday 11/1/01






Proofread by Anita
Sam: Hey, where is everyone?
Grace: Well, Tabitha went off on some strange errand with her doll, and
Jessica is doing some time over at the b&amp;b, and Kay and -- well, you know what?
I -- I just wanted to spend some time alone with you.
Sam: Ooh. Well, what did you have in mind?
Grace: Well, I wanted to give you this.
Sam: Hey. It's not Christmas, it's not my birthday, what --
Grace: Come on, just open it.
Grace: It's autographed by Jim Rice and Fred Lynn.
Sam: Oh, wow! This is great! How did you -- how did you --
Grace: Oh, it's between me and my little internet auction sources.
Sam: This is incredible. You're incredible.
Grace: Oh, baby. You're incredible. You know, we've just been through so much
lately. I want you to know how much I love you. You are my husband. And you will
always be the only man for me.
David: Well, we'll have to see about that, Grace.
Gwen: Mother, are you certain that you want to go through with this wedding?
Rebecca: I have never been so absolutely certain of anything in my entire
life. And if Julian tries to back out, he's a dead man. And he knows it.
Julian: There must be some mistake.
Harper: I warned you this wedding would be a tad unorthodox. Perhaps that's
the wrong word. But the point is I called every clergyman and judge for miles
around, and not one of them was available to marry you on such short notice,
except the rabbi here.
Julian: But Rebecca and I aren't Jewish.
Harper: Well, no offence, Julian, but that's the least of your worries. Shake
hands with him, damn it.
Julian: Rabbi.
Timmy: Mazel tov.
Harper: And where in the hell is Theresa? If she doesn't sign these annulment
papers, you'll be a bigamist
Julian: Well, it'll be worse than that if I don't marry Rebecca. She's
threatened to go to the police. She could shoot me. Then again, if Ethan finds
out that I had my way with Theresa in Bermuda, even as her husband, Rebecca
wouldn't have a chance to shoot me because Ethan would kill me first.
Pilar: Ethan? Are you ok?
Ethan: I've felt better. I can't find one local judge who's got the guts to
stand up to Julian’s travesty of a wedding to Rebecca.
Pilar: Well, I can't say I'm surprised. I just picked up more medication for
your mother. She's relying on these pain pills more and more. Under the
circumstances, I don't blame her. Have you seen Theresa?
Ethan: Actually, she's upset with my mother.
Pilar: But Ivy despises her. She still blames her for Julian finding out that
you weren't his son.
Ethan: I know. And that's why I’ve left the two of them alone -- to work
things out. I have a feeling the next time we see them, they're going to be the
best of friends.
Ivy: The whole world is going to know what I know -- that you are nothing but
a lying, money-grabbing tramp, Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald!
Theresa: I won't let you tell! I won't let you destroy my future with Ethan!
Ivy: Your future? As if I could do any more harm than you already have! I am
not the one who married Julian and lied to Ethan about it!
Theresa: It was a mistake! Julian got me drunk! I didn't even know it
happened until the next day!
Ivy: No, no, no. That won't wash, Theresa. No, not with me, not with Ethan,
not with anyone! You can pull out all the phone wires you want, you can
vandalize my wheelchair, but you will not stop me from telling Ethan the truth!
Oh, no. No, it is over, Dearie! You are not going to marry Ethan any more than
Julian is going to marry Rebecca. I may be stuck in this wheelchair, but I will
have my revenge.
Luis: It's not working. Everyone told me that time was going to make it hurt
less. But it's not true. Everywhere I go, it's a constant reminder of you. And
the fact that I'll never see you again.
Brian: Diana, wait.
Sheridan: I can’t. I've got to go back to my room and see.
Liz: Oh! Where's the fire?
Brian: Diana thinks there was a photograph in her room that wasn't there
before.
Sheridan: I think I saw a photo of me with the man that I love; the one I
keep having memories of. I've got to go back to my room and take a look.
Brian: If it's what you mean.
Sheridan: It is. I saw it out of the corner of my eye.
Liz: Ok, I hate to be a stickler for reality here, but how would a photograph
like that get inside your room?
Sheridan: I don't know. All I know is that I saw it and I've got to see it
again.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life…
Brian: What is it? Why did you stop?
Sheridan: I don't understand. I -- I was so sure that --
Liz: Its ok, honey. I've been known to see a few things myself that weren't
there.
Sheridan: No, I swear, there was a framed photo on this nightstand. I can see
it in my mind's eye. I wasn't paying much attention, but I think it was a
picture of me and the man that loved me.
Brian: Look, it's no wonder. I mean, you want to remember your old life so
badly that your mind is playing tricks on you. That's all.
Sheridan: That's all.
Brian: You ready for dinner now? A good meal will do you wonders. Come on.
Maybe even help you remember more about your past.
Sheridan: Maybe.
Brian: Come on, it's getting cold.
Liz: Poor thing. Not her fault Brian is crazy about her. She certainly didn't
ask to have her past erased, either. Hey there, number nine.
Luis: Actually, it's --
Liz: Oh, please, you're wasting your time if you expect for me to remember
your name. I'll only forget if you tell me again.
Luis: Ok. I thought I heard a voice.
Liz: Well, yeah, you did. A friend of mine and a woman from number six. Why?
Luis: Well, the woman's voice -- I only heard a word or two, but there was
something about it, and I could have sworn that -- that it was my fiancée’s
voice. I mean, I know that's impossible, but --
Liz: Is that a picture of her? Can I see it? I bet she's beautiful.
Man: I always thought the Cranes were wasps. We better switch gears.
Timmy's voice: Princess has really done it to Timmy this time. How is he
going to perform a Jewish wedding when he's never been to one?
[&quot;If I were a rich man&quot; plays]
Julian: What the hell is that band playing? Sorry, Rabbi. I didn't recognize
the tune.
Timmy: Don't worry about it.
Harper: What's holding up Rebecca?
Julian: She probably wants to make a dramatic entrance.
Harper: Well, as long as it doesn't extend to a bullet in your head.
Julian: Shh. Just –
Gwen: Did you ask the band to play this?
Rebecca: No. Certainly not. I mean, as much I loved the musical, I really
don't think this is the time for show tunes. Oh, what difference does it make?
As long as I become Mrs. Julian crane. Because once I’ve accomplished that, all
of our dreams will come true.
Gwen: You keep saying that.
Rebecca: Because it's true. I will have Julian so wrapped around my little
finger that you will have Ethan back in no time. But this wedding is key. And if
anything gets in its way, Julian is going to pay with his life.
Theresa: You don't understand! I love Ethan, and I would never do anything to
hurt him!
Ivy: Except marry the man who raised him! You are nothing but a liar and a
whore, Theresa! Thank God Ethan didn't marry you before, and he never will now!
Theresa: I won't let you stop me! Julian is annulling our marriage. And by
the time you see Ethan, he and I will already have eloped. And nothing you say
will ever make him leave me!
Ivy: Oh, you are dreaming, Theresa! You have met your match in me!
Theresa: I don't care! I love Ethan, and I won't lose him! He and I will be
husband and wife tonight!
Ivy: Theresa, don't you dare go after Ethan! Oh, damn you, Theresa! You will
not get away with this.
Grace: So, what would you think about us going away for a couple days, just
the two of us? We could go tonight.
Sam: I like the way you think.
Grace: Oh, I was hoping you would say that. You know, I might be legally
married to David, but in my heart, I am your wife. I always will be.
Sam: Where did you make reservations?
Grace: The lodge where we went on our second honeymoon.
Sam: Grace, that's where --
Grace: That's where Ivy followed you and tried to seduce you. I know. I just
-- I think I kind of want to go there to put her and all her machinations behind
us.
Sam: All right. We'll make this trip a &quot;farewell to all our demons&quot; getaway.
Grace: Perfect.
Jessica: Mr. Hastings?
David: Jessica.
Jessica: What are you doing?
Liz: What did I say?
Luis: It's not you. It's my fiancée. She died.
Liz: Oh, me and my big mouth. I am so sorry.
Luis: No, no, no. It's ok. You didn't know.
Liz: No, but -- you know, from the moment you walked into my place, I could
sense that there was more going on than just your sailing a boat back to the
states. You know, they tell me I’m a pretty good listener if you feel like
talking about it. And if not, nobody understands a person needing their privacy
more than I do.
Luis: Well, thanks. I appreciate that.
Liz: Um -- here are some fresh towels for you.
Luis: Thank you.
Luis: It was an accident. One minute we -- we were laughing and making plans
for the future, and -- and then she was gone. I wanted to protect her, and I
couldn't. I never even got the chance to say good-bye.
Liz: And you took this job so you could try and get her off your mind?
Luis: Yeah, well, only it hasn't worked. You know everything I see and every
voice I hear reminds me of her.
Liz: And every time you realize that it's not her, it's like your heart
breaking all over again.
Luis: Yeah. How did you know? Did you lose someone, too?
Liz: Oh, well, I've lost so many people I care about, I've lost count.
Children, husbands, lovers.
Luis: Oh, I'm sorry. You must think I’m a real jerk for feeling…
Liz: Oh, no, no, no. Not at all. Please, I have cried so many tears, I could
fill an ocean. But I don't do that much anymore.
Luis: So, how do you make the hurt stop?
Liz: Who says it ever does? But time -- time will dull the pain. And you know
what? You'll meet new friends. And they'll help you forget.
Luis: I'll never forget about her.
Liz: Of course not. But that doesn't mean that you can just curl up and die.
You're still young. You know, in time you'll meet somebody new. You'll settle
down, raise a family, and find some sort of contentment.
Luis: Well, I can't see that. Right now it feels like my whole life's over.
Ethan: Don't worry, Pilar. I've assured my mother that Theresa has learned
her lesson. She's never going to lie to me or anyone else again.
Pilar: And she believed you?
Ethan: Well, after she forced me into this ridiculous bargain, yeah. She made
me promise that if Theresa ever lied to me again that I’d break it off with her
permanently. But it's not a big thing because I know Theresa will never be
anything but honest with me.
Pilar: Yes. Well, Ethan, I better get these to your mother. Excuse me.
Ethan: Yeah. Well, I think I'm going to make a few more phone calls. I've got
to find someone who can stop this wedding.&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Theresa: I've got to find Ethan and convince him to elope before Ivy tells
everyone Julian and I are married.
Ivy: I will not let her run off with Ethan and ruin his life! I won't!
Ivy: Oh. Oh. Oh. I have to warn Ethan. I can't let my son marry that lying
bitch.
David: Oh, Jessica, you startled me. I was -- I was just trying out some new
equipment.
Jessica: I just came to get your laundry.
David: Right. Yes, of course. Oh, I have some towels in the bathroom, so I'll
be right back.
Grace: So, I've already told the girls, and, you know, this time of year, it
won't be too crowded, so we'll probably have the whole place to ourselves.
Jessica: You've been spying on my parents.
Luis: How do you learn to put one foot in front of the other when you don't
even care where you're going?
Liz: I guess what I meant is that one day you may be going through the
motions, and then suddenly you'll realize that you're starting to feel things
again. Number nine, I don't know. I mean, everybody's different. We all grieve
in our own separate ways. What worked for me might not work for you. I can tell
you this -- never say never about falling in love again. See, we're all born
with this instinct to survive, and none of us is meant to go through this life
alone. So, all right, maybe the woman that you meet, she's nothing like your
fiancée. But she'll be other things that you care about and need. Am I talking
too much?
Luis: No. No, no, it's ok. What was your name, again?
Liz: Elizabeth. Everybody calls me Liz, though.
Luis: Liz. No, talking to you is making me feel better.
Liz: Good. So you'll come to dinner?
Luis: Tonight? I don't think so.
Liz: Ok.
Luis: Thanks.
Luis: Sheridan. How am I ever going to go on without you?
Sheridan: Why does my mind keep doing this to me, Brian? Why do I keep
thinking about the man who once loved me? I remember him dying in my arms, yet I
--
Brian: Yet what?
Sheridan: Yet I feel as if he's somewhere close by.
Ivy: Somebody, help me! Somebody, please, help me!
Pilar: Mrs. Crane? Oh, my God. What are you doing out of your wheelchair? Oh,
my goodness. What happened to it?
Ivy: Your daughter happened to it. Oh, she tried to stop me, but she won’t. I
will not let her hurt Ethan this time.
Pilar: Why are you saying these things?
Ivy: She crossed the line this time, Pilar. No. She married Julian in
Bermuda. Oh, my God, you knew. You knew all this time, and you never said a
word?
Pilar: Mrs. Crane --
Ivy: No! No! Don't you dare ask me to save your lying tramp of a daughter!
No. I have a copy of the marriage license, and I am going to show it to
everyone!
Theresa: Ethan. I've got to find Ethan.
Julian: For crying out loud, what is Theresa doing up there? We have to get
her down here to sign these damn annulment papers before the ceremony.
&nbsp;[Gwen screams]
Timmy: Oy vay. That had to hurt.
Rebecca: Oh, my God! Gwen, are you all right?
Gwen: Yeah, I think so. Oh. I should have known it was you.
Rebecca: Theresa, what the hell are you doing? Just get out of here! Just get
-- you little tramp! What did you do to my daughter, you slut? Oh! Oh!
Julian: No.
Theresa: Stop it, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Oh, I should have known you'd try to steal my thunder on my big day.
Singer: You are my passion for life…
David: Spying? You're not serious.
Jessica: Your camera is pointed right into Tabitha’s living room. You know,
and I can hear everything that my parents are saying on your headphones.
David: You're kidding.
Jessica: No, I'm not.
David: Let's have a look. I'll be damned. Well, the tripod must have shifted
when you startled me. I was actually taking some pictures of the construction
site for your mother. She wanted some before and after photographs of the new
house.
Jessica: But the headphones.
David: Ah. Actually, that's an old trick I picked up while shooting wildlife
long-distance in Africa. I find if you can actually hear what you're shooting,
you take better photographs. I was pointing at the construction noise.
Jessica: Oh. I guess that makes sense, you know? What, do you use it for
extra motivation?
David: Exactly. You are a bright girl, aren't you?
Jessica: You know, it's -- it's weird. I don't know whether to be nice to you
or just give you the cold shoulder.
David: Well, how about the former?
Jessica: Why are you doing all these nice things for my mom if you know she
just wants to annul her marriage to you and stay with my father?
David: I love her. I always have. Couldn't imagine doing anything that would
ever hurt her. I don't mean to rush you, but I really should get back to my
little &quot;shoot.&quot;
Jessica: Sure.
Brian: Oh, just in time, Liz. Why don't you tell Diana what a good cook I am
when I put my mind to it?
Sheridan: It's not that, Brian. I just don't have much of an appetite
tonight.
Liz: Oh, well, you're not the only person in this place that doesn't feel
like eating tonight.
Sheridan: What do you mean?
Liz: The guy that checked in earlier to pick up the boat that you and Brian
were working on.
Sheridan: Oh, right, the one next door to me.
Liz: Yeah. Seems he's nursing a broken heart. His fiancée died recently, and
-- well, he's having a rough time dealing with it.
Sheridan: Poor thing, to lose someone that you love so much.
Brian: Sounds a lot like what happened to you.
Sheridan: And I don't know the details of what happened to me. Guess I'm
lucky that way. Must be even worse to know how you lost the person you love. I
mean, you would replay it in your mind over and over every day.
Liz: I have a feeling that's exactly what he's doing in there.
Sheridan: Is he going to come out here for dinner?
Liz: Well, I asked him, but I wouldn't count on it. I think he wants to be
alone with his thoughts tonight.
Sheridan: He should be around other people. Why don't we invite him to join
us?
Liz: Well, Liz just said that he wants to be alone. Maybe we should just let
him be.
Sheridan: That's because he doesn't know anybody here. I know you went to a
lot of trouble to make this dinner, so wouldn't it be nice to share it with
someone who's feeling good besides; I have a feeling you probably made way too
much food.
Brian: Sure. Whatever you want.
Sheridan: You'll join us, too, won't you, Liz?
Liz: Um -- that's up to Brian.
Brian: Yeah, that's fine with me. The more the merrier.
Liz: Ok. I'll go ask him.
Brian: You owe me. Now that we're going to be having guests joining us, make
sure you eat all that food now.
Sheridan: I will. I promise. For some reason, I’m starting to get my appetite
back.
[Knock on door]
Luis: Who is it?
Liz: It's me, Liz.
Luis: Hi.
Liz: Hi. I know you thought you got rid of me for the night, but I have an
invitation for you. Dinner with me and a couple of friends.
Luis: Well, thanks, but I thought that I told you I'm just not up for meeting
anyone --
Liz: Don't be so quick to say no. You know, being with other folks might help
you take your mind off of things. Besides, didn't anybody ever tell you that
it's not healthy to isolate?
Luis: Besides you? Yeah, my buddy Hank back home said something like that.
Liz: See? Come on, listen to him. Both of us can't be wrong. Come on. What
are you afraid of? Nobody is going to bite you. And you might surprise yourself
and have a good time.
Gwen: Mother -- mother, please. You're supposed to be getting married today.
Rebecca: No. Not until I teach this little witch a lesson! How could you?
What did you do to my daughter?
Timmy's voice: Did somebody say &quot;witch&quot;?
Julian: It's -- it's odd, but I don't recognize a single person here. I must
say, I swear I've seen this -- this Rabbi somewhere before. What did you say his
name was?
Harper: Forget about the Rabbi, Julian. If I were you, I would stop your
future wife from killing your current one.
Julian: Yes, you have a point. That is enough, Rebecca! Stop it!
Rebecca: Why? That strumpet is trying to ruin my wedding!
Julian: If anyone is ruining your wedding, it's you. Now, you just calm down
this instant.
Harper: I need you to sign these annulment papers.
Theresa: No, Mr. Harper, there's no time. I've got to find Ethan!
Julian: Oh, Theresa, where are you going?
Rebecca: What do you care? It is time for us to get married.
Julian: As you say. Let's get on with it.
Rebecca: Oh, that's my sweet pookums. Oh, here.
Rebecca: I don't understand. Where's the judge?
Julian: Don't ask.
Rebecca: You're telling me that we're going to get married by a miniature
Rabbi? What is going on here, Julian?
Ivy: Help me, Pilar. Help me get downstairs. I've got to stop Ethan from
making the biggest mistake of his life! Pilar? Pilar, you have been my friend. I
sign your pay checks. You owe me some loyalty.
Pilar: My loyalty, Mrs. Crane, is first and foremost with my family, and that
includes my daughter.
Ivy: You're not going to help me?
Pilar: I'm afraid not.
Ivy: Oh! What are you doing? Ow! Pilar, my legs!
Pilar: Oh, my God, what have I done? Mrs. Crane? Please wake up. Oh, God,
what have I done? I'll call for a doctor.
Pilar: Oh, dear God. Ivy? Her pulse is still strong. You're breathing. I'll
call Dr. Russell.
Ivy: Oh, good, she fell for it. Now to stop Theresa.
Luis: Look, it's not that I don't appreciate the invitation, Liz, it's just
that, well, I'm not up for it, you know?
Liz: Didn't your mother
Luis: Yes. But I --
Liz: All right, all right, fine. If you're not going to do it for yourself,
do it for me. I mean, what kind of a reputation am I going to get if I let my
guests stay in their room all miserable and depressed?
Luis: Now you're playing dirty.
Liz: You ain't seen nothing yet. Liz is pretty good at getting what she wants
-- at least some of the time, come on.
Luis: All right, you win. Just give me a minute to change my shirt, will you?
Liz: Ok. I promise you, you're making the right decision.
Sam: Are you sure about this getaway? I know how hard it is for you to leave
the kids, and with this David situation --
Grace: You know what? The kids will be just fine. As far as David goes, he
will be here when we get back. Hey. I just think the important thing is that you
and I spend some time alone together after everything that's happened with David
and Ivy. I'm not going to let anything stop us from going
David: Wouldn't be so sure of that, Grace.
Rebecca: Julian, I'm warning you, if this is some Halloween prank so you can
weasel out of this wedding --
Julian: Forgive her, Rabbi. She wasn't expecting you. You're embarrassing
yourself, dear. He's a real Rabbi. He's going to marry us today. Couldn't find a
judge or a minister on such short notice.
Rebecca: But this is absurd.
Julian: He is licensed in this state to perform wedding ceremonies. Do you
want to get married today or not?
Ethan: Gwen, what's going on? I heard some yelling and screaming down the
hall.
Gwen: Oh, well, your fiancée tried to ruin my mother's wedding by pushing me
down the stairs.
Ethan: Theresa?
Gwen: Yeah.
Ethan: Where is she?
Gwen: I don't know.
Julian: I'll -- I'll be right back.
Theresa: Not now. I have got to find Ethan.
Harper: Not till you sign these annulment papers.
Theresa: No. Oh, Ethan!
Ethan: Theresa --
Ethan: Oh, thank God!
Ethan: Gwen said you and Rebecca got into it.
Theresa: Oh, never mind that
Ethan: What papers does Harper want you to sign, Theresa?
[Ivy groans]
David: I have some news that I thought I should share with you.
Sam: Can't it wait?
David: Not really. Grace, my agent called, and one of the national news
magazines want me to do this huge shoot in Australia.
Grace: I see. So, when will you be back?
David: Well, I'm not really sure. I mean, it's going to be quite a while. And
actually, I thought that afterwards it might be a good time for me to -- to move
on with my life the way the two of you have suggested.
Grace: Yeah, but, you haven't told me anything about my past yet. I mean,
you're the only one who knows the details.
David: Well, no problem. Let's -- let's have dinner tonight -- if that's ok
with you, Sam?
Grace: Actually, Sam and I were just going on a trip tonight.
David: Oh, no. Well, that's a shame. I guess we've missed our chance.
Grace: But, David, I was really looking forward to you telling me about the
early part of my life.
David: Well, it's up to you, Grace. I mean, it's either tonight or -- I don't
know when.
Sheridan: What did he say?
Liz: He accepted your invitation, and he'll be in, in a minute. Maybe we can
cheer him up a bit.
Brian: I don't know. The guy may not feel like talking.
Sheridan: Well, then we'll do all the talking. The important thing is to get
him past this tragedy, to get his mind off of it. I can't even imagine what it
would be like if I remembered every detail of losing the man I loved. It would
be devastating.
Brian: Well, I thought the point was to cheer him up, not make you feel
worse.
Sheridan: You're right. I have to be upbeat if we're going to get past any of
this sadness with him. And who knows -- maybe someday this man will look back on
this dinner and see it as a turning point, see it as the night he began to get
over his terrible loss.
Luis: There's only one thing in the world that I want. No amount of
well-meaning people is going to be able to bring it back to me. All I want is
you. That's not going to happen.
Theresa: Ethan, don't worry about them! Let's just go, honey, right now!
Ethan: Not until I get a straight answer. Now, what do Julian and Harper want
you to sign? Let me see those papers, Harper.
Julian: No! I'm sorry, but they're none of your business.
Ethan: Somebody better tell me what's going on between you and my fiancée --
now.
Ethan: I'm waiting.
[Ivy groans]
Ivy: Oh, good. Now I will have my revenge.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading
















 Friday 11/2/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 11/2/01






Proofread by Anita
David: Well, Grace, do you want to have dinner with me tonight and talk about
your past? Sam, you're welcome to join us.
T.C.: Excuse me, guys. Are we interrupting?
David: Not at all.
Eve: Is anything wrong?
Grace: No, Eve, it's just that David’s --
David: I booked a large photo shoot, and I have to leave tonight. And I'll be
gone for a few months, and I wanted to fill Grace in on her past before --
Grace: But Sam and I have reservations. We're going to go away for a couple
days, just the two of us, and we're supposed to leave tonight.
T.C.: Well, that sounds great, guys.
Sam: Grace and I want to spend some time alone.
Grace: Yeah. But I was also hoping to talk to David and see if he could fill
in some of the blanks.
Sam: Strange coincidence. You and I were talking about going away on a trip,
and in comes David and drops a bomb that he's taking off and that this is the
only time that he can tell you about your past.
Grace: So, what would you think about us going away for a couple days, just
the two of us? We could go tonight.
Sam: I like the way you think.
Grace: Ah, I was hoping you would say that.
David: Yes, it is a bit of a coincidence, isn't it? Well, how about it,
Grace? Do you want to have dinner with me tonight and find out what you were
like back when we were together? I don't mean to press you, but if we're going,
we really should go now. I don't have much time, and this may be the last chance
in quite a while for you to hear what I have to tell you.
Luis: It was nice of Liz to invite me to dinner with her friends. Just not so
sure it's a good idea. Sometimes I think I'll never get over losing you.
&quot;Sometimes.&quot; All the time. Well, I know Liz thinks this dinner will help me take
my mind off of things. Just don't see that happening.
Liz: I have been saving this baby for a very special occasion, and this is
it.
Brian: Dinner with that guy from the states? He must've really gotten to you,
Liz.
Liz: His story about losing his fiancée got to me.
Sheridan: I really feel bad for this guy. That's why I wanted you to invite
him to dinner.
Liz: Because you can relate to him.
Sheridan: Very much so. He lost a love, just like I did.
Liz: Now unfortunately, you can't remember yours.
Sheridan: No. I just have flashes of things, none of them specific. I know
that he's gone and that I’ll never see him again
Liz: This poor guy down the hall remembers everything -- her face, the way
they were together.
Sheridan: Can't imagine how awful that must be for him.
Brian: He'll get over it. You both will in time.
Sheridan: Maybe this dinner will be therapeutic for us both. You know, once
we can meet and talk, maybe we can help each other heal our pain.
Tabitha: Well, I'll be going now.
Face: Got everything you came for?
Tabitha: Yes, I have everything I need to help Kay tear Miguel and Charity
apart.
Face: Can you really draw Kay to our side, Tabitha?
Tabitha: Of course I can. All the work I’ve done over the years will come
into fruition. Luis and Sheridan are torn apart. Luis thinks Sheridan’s dead,
and she thinks the same about him. And they're not the only ones. There's the
Bennett’s. Chances are excellent that they'll never be able to save their
marriage. And David Hastings is about to destroy that relationship once and for
all. Upstairs right now in the Crane mansion as we speak, Theresa’s dreadful
secret is about to be revealed, and Ivy Crane will have her revenge.
Face: Hmm.
Tabitha: Well, look for yourself. You can see the results of my meticulous
meddling. And there's my assistant, Timmy, right in the thick of things. There
she is. There's Ivy. And you see that fax she's got clutched in her hand? That's
the proof that Julian and Theresa are married. She's going to use that to tear
Ethan away from Theresa. Look -- there's Julian. He's with his attorney, ha and
they're both very worried that Theresa won't sign those annulment papers. And
there's the Timster in the middle of it all.
Timmy: Where's princess?
Tabitha: I'll be there soon, Timmy. I wouldn't miss this for the world.
Ethan: I'm going to ask you once again, Julian, and you're going to tell me
what's going on and you're going to tell me now. Now, why are you trying to get
Theresa to sign those papers?
Tabitha: Shoot him, Rebecca! Shoot him! Oh, it would be such sweet revenge
for everything those Cranes did to me all those years ago.
Gwen: Are you crazy?
Rebecca: I've never been more sane.
Gwen: Oh, so you're just going to shoot Julian right here in his house in
cold blood in front of all these witnesses?
Rebecca: If I don't marry Julian right now, then both of our lives are over.
And for that, he deserves to be shot.
Ivy: I have to warn Ethan, expose Theresa for the liar that she is. Yes, I
will destroy Theresa. I will destroy Julian and Rebecca with this fax. I will
destroy their lives like they destroyed mine.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life…
Grace: Sam and I have plans tonight. We're going on a trip.
David: Ok. I'll tell you what I’m going to do. Let me call the magazine and
see if I can delay my departure, see if I can buy some more time. I know how
anxious you are to hear about your past, and I have so much to tell you. Like
the first time you ever saw &quot;Good-bye girl.&quot; She was crazy about that movie.
Grace: Eve, do you remember when we rented that?
Eve: Yeah.
Grace: I mean, I thought I'd seen it before.
David: You had. You know what? I'm going to make that call and I'll be back
in a flash. Maybe I can take a flight later tonight or tomorrow morning. There's
so much more I can tell you about your past, grace. If you could delay that trip
-- anyway, I'm going to make the phone call to the magazine, and I'll be right
back.
Face: Your plans seem to have worked like magic.
Tabitha: &quot;Seem to&quot;? Harmony is in a complete mess, and it's all thanks to
yours truly.
Face: There's still Charity. You swore to get rid of her, and so far --
Tabitha: Because I didn't have the means until now. But these herbs and
potions will turn Kay further to the dark side, and she'll be able to seduce
Miguel and lure him away from Charity. And then -- oh, happy day -- the great
forces won't have to worry about Charity making love to Miguel and coming into
her full powers.
Face: You say that as if it's already a given. But what if the potions don't
work?
Tabitha: Well, it's a fair question. And I shall answer it with a fair
question. Instead of making me work with all these herbs and potions out of the
stone age of witchcraft, why not just give me back my powers?
Face: I have no authority to make that decision.
Tabitha: Well, can't you get the authority? Talk to the higher-ups -- or,
rather, the lower-downs?
Face: Ah, you're so demanding, Tabitha.
Tabitha: I'll wait right here.
Face: I'll be right back.
Tabitha: Oh, if I get my powers back, I'll go straight up to the mansion and
put them to good use. Julian and Theresa will never know what hit them.
Gwen: Mother, have you thought this through?
Rebecca: Of course I've thought it through. If I miss Julian, I'll hit
Theresa. I don't think that's such a bad idea, do you?
Gwen: But Ethan’s over there. What if you hit him?
Rebecca: Well, I am a pretty darn good shot. I took third place in shooting
skeet at the club.
Gwen: Well, I still love Ethan, and I want him to be alive.
Rebecca: Gwen, this is not about you right now. I'm supposed to be marrying
Julian, and everything is conspiring against me.
Gwen: Well, let's go find out what's going on.
Rebecca: Nothing good, I can promise you that.
Gwen: Well, come on. Put your gun away.
Rebecca: Why have we stopped the wedding? What's going on here?
Timmy: Oy vay, such a mess. Where's princess?
Ethan: I still don't get all this paper signing business. What did Julian and
Harper want you to sign, Theresa?
Rebecca: Oh, not this again. Julian, for the last time, what is going on
between you and Theresa? The truth, Julian -- or else.
Ivy: I have to warn Ethan, protect him from that bitch.
Liz: You know, our guest is really taking his time. I'm going to go check on
him.
Sheridan: I hope that man joins us for dinner.
Brian: You know, you really are something, you know that? I mean, you're
caring and generous and just all-round wonderful.
Sheridan: Just because I want us all to have dinner?
Brian: Oh, I mean, come on. You care so much about a guy you never even met.
Sheridan: It's not like I'm worried or anything. It's just --
Brian: Well, you're an angel, Diana. An angel sent from heaven. When I first
pulled you out of the sea that was the first thing that shot through my mind.
And I was right. Only an angel would care about a stranger's feelings like that.
Sheridan: You're the generous one, Brian, letting this man share such a
splendid dinner you prepared for us.
Brian: Like I could ever say no to you.
Brian: Diana? Is something wrong?
Sheridan: Another memory flash. I hope he gets here soon. I really feel bad
for the poor guy. I don't remember all the details of my lost love, but this
poor man -- he remembers every detail of his. How can he possibly get through
such an enormous loss?
Liz: I was just coming to get you. Everyone's waiting. Come on.
Face: Tabitha.
Tabitha: Well, what's the word?
Face: Bad news. You're not getting your powers back.
Tabitha: Damn and blast. That means it's up to these ancient spells and
potions. And if they don't work --
Face: I shouldn't worry so much if I were you. Kay won't need all that much
help. After all, she is a Standish, Grace's daughter, Charity's cousin --
Tabitha: Please. We don't need to trace that vile family tree in its
entirety.
Face: I'm merely pointing out that Kay has the Standish powers. They're just
buried deeper in her. And while hers may not be as potent as Charity's, the girl
has potential.
Tabitha: And I intend to tap into that potential.
Face: Or face the consequences.
Tabitha: How am I supposed to unbury these powers that Kay possesses?
Face: Your efforts haven't gone unnoticed in the lower-downs, which is why
we're prepared to offer you a bit of help.
Tabitha: You mean I’m going to get some of my powers back?
Face: I'm sorry. That's out of the question.
Tabitha: Well, then, what kind of help are you going to give me?
Face: A book.
Tabitha: A book? Well, how is a book going to help me? I don't get it.
Face: Put your hands out. Both hands.
Tabitha: &quot;Spells of pain.&quot; You didn't tell me you were giving me the book.
Face: Make sure Kay gets it. When she does, her powers will be more able to
combat Charity’s.
Tabitha: Oh, this is it! Oh! Nothing can stop me now. Hold on, Timmy! Hold
on! I'm coming!
Ivy: You are finished, Julian. I am going to destroy you and Rebecca both.
Rebecca: Well, somebody had better say something pretty damn quick here. What
is going on?
Julian: Well, I --
Rebecca: Oh, spit it out, Julian.
Theresa: Oh, oh, no, no, no. No, actually, you misunderstood. Mr. Harper
wasn't trying to get me to sign any papers. He was trying to get Julian to sign
them.
Ethan: What?
Theresa: Yeah, and then they wanted me to run them down to Crane industries
for them.
Julian: Yes, quite right. We wanted Theresa to run an errand for us.
Ethan: Let me see those papers, Julian.
Harper: Sorry, Ethan. You're no longer part of Crane industries. This
information is confidential.
Julian: That's quite right.
Theresa: Honey, I didn't come down here to sign any papers for Julian. I came
to find you, and then Mr. Harper wanted me to run some errand for them. I don't
even know what it's about.
Julian: God, she lies just like a Crane. Look at the sincerity in her eyes.
It's incredible. It's too bad I can't keep her as my wife.
Rebecca: Damn you, Theresa, trying to stop my wedding.
Julian: Easy, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Shut up, Julian!
Julian: Oh, this is not seemly, pet.
Rebecca: Oh, I'll give you unseemly. Look, I really don't care what you were
trying or not trying to do. I just want you out of here.
Ethan: I'm not going to let you talk to Theresa that way. Theresa is a good
and honest person.
Rebecca: &quot;A good and honest person.&quot;
Ethan: I'm not going to stay down here for the wedding anyway. If you'll
excuse us, we'll go upstairs and check on mother.
Theresa: Please, Mrs. Crane, don't tell Ethan. I will do anything.
Ivy: I'm all out of pity, Theresa. I'm just glad I found out in time. Ah!
Theresa: I can't let you do this to me. I won't let you do this!
Ivy: What do you think you're doing?
Theresa: I won't let you take Ethan away from me. I am not going to let you
do it. No, Ethan, I don't want to go upstairs.
Ethan: Why not?
Theresa: Let's just go off and get married, Ethan, right now. I don't want to
wait anymore.
Ethan: You mean you want to --
Theresa: Elope! Yes.
Julian: Wait a moment, Theresa. You -- you can't get married, too.
Ethan: What do you care what we do, Julian?
T.C.: Hey, are you all right?
Sam: Fine. It's --
T.C.: What? Come on. Talk to me.
Sam: It's this Hastings guy. He's getting under my skin.
T.C.: Yeah, I could see why.
Sam: He's got this incredible sense of timing. Here Grace and I just
reconnected, so excited about going on our trip, and who comes waltzing in?
T.C.: Old David.
Sam: Says that he's leaving Harmony. Tonight is the last chance he'll have
for months to tell grace about her past -- the one thing she really wants to
know. I just hope grace wants to go on this trip, especially after everything
we've been through.
T.C.: Sam, you've been through a lot.
Sam: Losing the baby, learning Ethan is my son, Grace finding out that Ivy
and I had a past.
T.C.: It's rough, Sam. I know that.
Sam: And to top it off, Hastings comes into town, claiming that he's her
husband. If we don't go on that trip -- no. We have to go on that trip. This is
exactly what we need to heal our marriage.
T.C.: That's right.
David: You're never going to take that trip, Sam. Never.
Luis: Liz, you know what? Actually, I was just coming to talk to you about
dinner.
Liz: Oh, it'll be delicious. That I guarantee.
Luis: No, I was thinking -- it's just the mood I’m in right now. I just want
to be alone.
Liz: Hey, you got to eat.
Luis: Well, I'll get something later.
Liz: No, you won’t. You'll just hang out in your room feeling all blue, and I
ain't having it. Guests at Liz’s place get five-star treatment, and that
includes a little T.L.C.
Luis: Well, this guest appreciates that. Liz, I just don't -- I don't want to
be around anyone right now.
Liz: You got to start sometime.
Luis: And I'm also tired from my trip. Look, I just want to be by myself and
think, ok?
Liz: About the past?
Luis: About the time that I spent with my fiancée. Maybe I need to think a
little bit more about that before I’m ready to move on without her.
Liz: Listen, I know you're hurting, but the sooner you start to heal, the
quicker you will. And this dinner -- well, it'll be the perfect time to start.
Luis: No, Liz --
Liz: Oh, come on, number nine. That word is not allowed here. Now, you come
to dinner. You'll thank me for it later. I promise.
Sheridan: You know, I'm going to go find Liz, see what's keeping her and our
guest.
Brian: Ok. I'll keep dinner warm till you guys get back.
Sheridan: Ok.
Tabitha: Ahem. Tim-Tim --
Timmy: Finally. Timmy was afraid Tabby would miss all the fireworks.
Tabitha: Not on your life. Pure mayhem, isn't it? I love it. Everything's
working out perfectly.
Timmy: Really? What happened down in Hecuba’s lair? Did princess get her
powers back?
Tabitha: No, but I got the next best thing. The dark forces gave me the book
-- &quot;spells of pain.&quot;
Timmy: Sounds like a real page-turner.
Tabitha: You think you're witnessing pain here at the Crane mansion? Hmm!
Just wait till you see what I can do with this book. I'm going to turn Kay into
a veritable pain machine. Let the games begin.
Timmy: What?
Tabitha: Ivy. When she gets down here, all hell is going to break loose.
Julian: No -- I --
Ethan: Just answer the question, Julian. Why do you care if Theresa and I get
married?
Julian: Did I say that? I don't think --
Theresa: Oh, Mr. Crane doesn't want to take away any of Mrs. Hotchkiss'
thunder.
Julian: Yes --
Theresa: See, he doesn't want anyone else to have the same wedding day.
Julian: Yeah. It would be so -- crowded? And I know how much Theresa’s family
means to her. I'm sure that she'd want all of them around her when she gets
married. In fact, you said, as much in Bermuda, didn't you, Theresa?
Theresa: Yes.
Julian: An elopement -- I mean, the regrets would last a lifetime.
Theresa: No. No matter what, I would never regret marrying Ethan.
Julian: Well, I didn't mean to imply --
Rebecca: Julian, I'm finding it just a little hard to believe that you're so
concerned about Theresa’s feelings.
Julian: Me? No, no. I just don't want to be perceived as a monster, that's
all.
Theresa: Let's just elope. Let's just get married right now.
Ethan: Believe me, it's tempting.
Theresa: There's nothing to stop us.
Ethan: Look, I want to talk to mother first, let her know that I can't find a
judge to get an order to stop this wedding.
Rebecca: Well, Julian?
Julian: With all this excitement, do you really think this is such a good
idea?
Rebecca: Julian, if this wedding doesn't start by the time I count to 10, I
am going to blow a hole in you so big, they could drive a truck through it.
Julian: Why are you acting like this? Our wedding is mere moments away.
Rebecca: One, two --
Julian: I promise!
Rebecca: Three, four --
Theresa: Please, Ethan, let's just elope right now! We'll go on our
honeymoon, and we'll tell everyone how wonderful it was.
Ethan: Theresa, I love you and you mean everything to me. And, you know, I
want to get married just as much as you do.
Theresa: Well, let's just get in the car and go!
Ethan: Look, I want to talk to mother first, and then -- and then we'll talk
about eloping.
Singer: You are my passion for life…
Grace: I don't know, Eve. It's just, you know, here we are -- Sam and I are
all set to go on this trip, and then David comes in and says he's got to go away
on this photo shoot.
Eve: It's a difficult choice, Grace. I mean, on the one hand, this trip could
be a very healing experience. You could get over your insecurity about Ivy and
Sam could do the same about David.
Grace: Yeah.
Eve: But then, on the other hand, you've always wanted to know about your
past, about who you were.
Grace: And now I've got this chance.
Eve: And to deny yourself this chance --
Grace: How could I do that when all I really want to know is something about
my past? I mean, I don't know if I can just walk away from that.
David: That's my cue. I knew if I gave Grace enough time to think about it,
she'd want to know about her past. Now, all I have to do is go over there and
close the deal.
Luis: Look, thanks, but no thanks.
Liz: Oh, come on. Why can't I make you see that this is exactly what you
need?
Luis: Liz, I know what I need.
Liz: What about Brian and Diana? They set aside a very romantic dinner for
two just so they can be with you.
Luis: What?
Liz: Brian cooked dinner for Diana. They're just starting their relationship.
But when I told them about you and everything that you were going through, they
really wanted to help you, to, you know, try and cheer you up. I think it's nice
of them.
Luis: Yeah, yeah. It's very nice of them.
Liz: So you'll come -- come have dinner with us? Good food, a few laughs.
Couldn't hurt, right?
Luis: No thanks. I wouldn't want to intrude on your friends' dinner.
Liz: You wouldn't be intruding. I just told you, it's going to --
Luis: Look, Liz, I remember what it was like when my fiancée and I first
started dating. The last thing that I would want was someone else tagging along.
You know a third wheel? I just wanted to be with her all by myself.
Liz: But it's not going to be like that. First of all, there's going to be
four of us.
Luis: Listen, you have a great heart, but I know what I need. I just want to
be alone right now, ok? I'm just going to take a long walk on the beach. Thanks
again.
Sheridan: Liz? Where is he?
Liz: Gone. He was grateful for the invitation, but he really wanted to be
alone.
Sheridan: That's too bad. I was really looking forward to talking to him. I
had a feeling that it was important we meet.
Liz: Oh, it's my fault. I blurted out that you and Brian were having dinner
together, and he didn't want to spoil your evening.
Sheridan: But he wouldn’t.
Liz: I know. I just should have kept my big mouth shut.
Sheridan: Oh, that's ok, Liz. Hey, look; I’ll go look for him. You know, I'll
tell him that we want to have dinner, the four of us.
Liz: Ok. He said he was going to take a walk on the beach. He's wearing a
rust-colored shirt.
Sheridan: I'll go find him.
Liz: I don't know if she's going to be able to help him. Poor guy. I don't
think anyone can.
Julian: By all means, let's get this wedding under way.
Rebecca: I knew you'd see things my way, pookie. Hmm? Gwen, I need your help
if you'd get into place. And Julian, Harper, if you could take your positions.
Then the ceremony can begin. Rabbi? If you please?
Timmy: Dearly beloved, we are gathered together to join this couple in holy
matrimony.
Julian: I thought with a Rabbi it'd be a tad different, didn't you?
Harper: I have no idea.
Theresa: Ethan -- promise you will love me no matter what, no matter what
anyone says.
Ethan: Theresa, what is it? Why do you look so afraid?
Theresa: Let's just go! Let's just get out of here! Let's elope!
Ethan: Look, I told you -- I want to talk to mother first, and then --
[Woman screams]
Woman: Somebody help! It's Mrs. Crane! She's dying!
Rebecca: Oh, wouldn't you know it. Ivy is trying to ruin my wedding!
Julian's voice: God bless you, Ivy.
Ethan: Mother!
Luis: Am I ever going to get over losing you, Sheridan?
Sheridan: I have to find this man. I don't know why, but something inside is
telling me that it's important that we meet, talk.
Ethan: Mother? Mother, can you hear me?
Woman: Oh, she's dying! Somebody help!
Tabitha: Come on, Rabbi. We don't want to miss this.
Rebecca: Hey, wait a minute. We're supposed to be getting married.
Harper: No point in standing here, Julian. Go find out what happened to Ivy.
Julian: Ah, yes, yes, Ivy.
Harper: We might be able to use this interruption to get Theresa to sign the
annulment papers.
Julian: Harper, that's so cold. I'm impressed.
Rebecca: Damn that Rabbi. Julian!
Ethan: Mother -- mother, mother, say something. Mother?
Theresa's voice: Oh, my God. If Ethan sees that fax, it's all over.
Sam: Grace, I know what finding out about your past means to you. And if you
want to have dinner with David, well, go ahead.
Grace: And what about our trip, Sam?
Sam: Don't worry about that. We'll do it next week.
Grace: I love you so much.
David: I have to admit, I can't wait to see the look on Sam’s face when Grace
blows off the trip with him to have dinner with me.
David: Sorry I didn't knock. I thought you were expecting me. Grace, I tried
to delay the trip, but they said no. I have to leave tonight. So this is really
our last chance to talk. If you want to know about your past, it's now or never.
Sheridan: You've got to stop thinking about your own pain, Diana. You’ve got
to find this man and help him through his. We have so much in common -- lost
love. Perhaps if we can talk, we can help each other.
Luis: Feels like she's still here. I can sense her like I sensed her in that
room.
Luis: That even looks like her. Oh, man. You're going crazy here. Oh. The
resemblance. Could that be her?
Sheridan: Could it be?
Gwen: What happened?
Rebecca: It's nothing. Ivy is just trying to screw things up for me.
Julian: What's going on here?
Theresa: It's over, Mr. Crane. It's all over.
Julian: What do you mean?
Theresa: Look in Ivy's hand. She got a fax from Bermuda. It's a copy of our
marriage license. She knows we're married, and she's going to tell Ethan.
[Ivy groans]
Ivy: Oh, Ethan, Ethan --
Ethan: Yes, mother --
Ivy: Ethan, I know the truth.
Tabitha: This is it, Tim Tim. All hell's about to break loose.
Ethan: Mother? Mother?
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading


















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 4.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Tuesday 11/06/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Tuesday 11/6/01 Canada
Wednesday 11/7/01 USA
  By Stephanie
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Tabitha: Mm-hmm, everything's going right for us, Timmy. &nbsp;
Tabitha: Except for these outfits. Oh, we'd better get out of these before
someone sees us or we'll have some explaining to do.
Timmy: Oy.
Reese: Hello? Aha! Caught you! And you're not talking your way out of it this
time.
David: I'll take you to the train station, Grace.
Grace: No, David, you don't have to do that. I'll -- I'll call a taxi.
David: No, no, no, I'll drive you. It's late and you don't want to be out
there alone.
Grace: I am not going to be alone. Sam is meeting me at the station.
David: I hope that happens, Grace. I really hope he doesn't let you down.
Look, Grace, I didn't mean to upset you, and you've given up a lot to take this
trip with Sam, but, I mean, the minute he hears about Ivy at the hospital, he's
out of here like a shot.
Grace: Look; Sam went to the hospital because Pilar told him that Ethan was
in trouble.
David: I know, I know. But I still can't help wondering if he rushed out
because of Ethan or Ivy.
Eve: Sam. What are you doing here? You're supposed to be on a trip with
Grace.
Sam: Yeah, Pilar called me. What's going on with Ivy? What happened?
Eve: Well, I'm not altogether sure. She was found out of her wheelchair at
the crane mansion. She'd somehow dragged herself downstairs.
Sam: Well, why?
Eve: I don't know.
Sam: Is she all right?
Eve: Oh, she's fine. No, the only thing that you should worry about is you
and Grace and your trip together. I mean, you need this, and a few days in the
mountains will do you good.
Sam: I know, but --
Eve: Ivy doesn't need you here, Sam.
Sam: I'm not here because of her. Pilar called me, said she was very worried
about Ethan that I should get over here right away.
Eve: Ethan? Why, what's wrong with him?
Sam: I don't know, but Pilar made it sound like it was a life-or-death
situation.
Julian: I'm a dead man, Harper. If Ethan sees that fax of that marriage
license clutched in Ivy's claws, finds out that I wedded and bedded Theresa, oh,
he'll kill me.
Harper: Maybe Theresa will get the fax before Ethan sees it.
Julian: Well, even if she does, I mean, Ivy when she wakes up, she'll tell
Ethan everything. Then the whole town will know -- Luis, Rebecca, and Ethan.
God, they'll tear me to shreds. And if father ever finds out --
[Phone rings]
Julian: Hello?
Alistair: Well, you botched things up royally this time, Julian.
Julian: I'm not sure I know what you mean, father.
Alistair: Marrying Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald in Bermuda. That's what I mean,
damn it. Of all the asinine things. If Ethan, Luis, and Rebecca don't kill you,
I'll do it myself.
Ivy: Oh. Julian. Theresa.
Ethan: She just keeps say your name and Julian’s. Wonder why.
Theresa: Oh, mama, if Ethan sees that fax, it's all over. He'll never forgive
me. I will lose him forever. My life will be destroyed.
Pilar: Yours isn't the only life that will be destroyed. Ethan will be
furious with Julian and he might kill him and spend the rest of his life in
prison.
Theresa: Oh, no, mama, we have to do something. We can't let him see that
fax.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life
Reese: We've got you dead to rights this time, Tabitha.
Tabitha: Don't know what you're on about.
Reese: I told you this little doll was alive. And in a rabbi's costume. And
you in this getup.
Tabitha: We -- I --
Reese: I knew there was something off, and it is. Tabitha's a witch!
Tabitha: I'm on way to a costume party, but sad and lonely as I am, I decided
to dress up my doll and take him along as a date.
Reese: Yeah -- your living, breathing date.
Miguel: Look, give it a rest, Reese. It's getting old, all right? I'm sorry,
Tabitha.
Tabitha: Don't give it another thought, Miguel. Come on, time to party. See
you-all later.
Timmy: So, where's the party, princess? Timmy didn't know he and his princess
were invited anywhere.
Tabitha: We aren’t. We can't stay home now, not with that Ross snooping
about.
Timmy: So Timmy’s dressed up with no place to go?
Tabitha: Well, it is Halloween. We're going to take advantage of it.
Timmy: How?
Tabitha: With this book and these spells, we're going to conjure up a little
more trouble.
Timmy: Hasn't tabby conjured up enough trouble? There's Sam, Grace, and
David, Rebecca, Ivy, and Julian, Ethan and Theresa, and Sheridan and Luis?
Tabitha: Ha-ha! It is rather an impressive list, isn't it, Timmy just begun.
No, now's the time to put the main part of my plan into action -- cause the
destruction of Charity's relationship with Miguel. Come on, lad.
Grace: Look, Ethan is Sam’s son. He heard Ethan might be in trouble. Of
course he wants to be there for him.
David: Right, right, he went to help his son.
Grace: You know, that's one of the things I like most about Sam is he's
always there for the people he loves.
David: Yeah, like Ivy.
Grace: Like his children. He's devoted to them.
David: And what about you, Grace? What about his devotion to you?
Kay: Hello? Anybody home? What's going on, mom? I thought you and dad were
going on a trip. What's he doing here?
Grace: Your father and I are going on a trip. He just had to stop by the
hospital first.
David: I'm going to take her to the train station.
Kay: Really? Well, mom can take a cab. She doesn't need you.
Grace: You know, Kay, there's no need to be rude.
Grace: Kay, sweetheart, there is nothing for you to worry about, and your
father and I will call you from the mountains, all right?
Kay: I hope you and dad have a wonderful trip.
David: I'm going to go get the luggage.
Grace: Ahem. All right, then. You kids be good.
Miguel: Have a good time, Mrs. Bennett.
Reese: Bye, Mrs. B.
Kay: Bye.
Miguel: Charity, you ok?
Kay: Here she goes again.
Miguel: I got you. Come sit down.
Miguel: Are you all right?
Charity: Mm-hmm. Yeah. I don't know what happened. Something strange just
came over me.
Simone: You know, I'll go get your aunt Grace.
Charity: No! No.
Miguel: Why? Charity, what is it?
Charity: I had a premonition.
Simone: Of what?
Charity: Nothing. It didn't make any sense.
Miguel: Are you sure you're all right?
Charity: I think so. But it was terrible, Miguel. It was just terrible.
Ethan: Everything's going to be ok, mother. I'm here. Theresa's here, too.
Ivy: Oh!
Theresa: I can't let you do this to me. I won't let you do this!
Ivy: What do you think you're doing?
Theresa: I won't let you take Ethan away from me. I am not going to let you
do it.
Ivy: No, Theresa, don't!
[Theresa yells]
[Ivy screams]
Ivy: Stop it, Theresa, stop it! Stop it!
Theresa: Now, I am going to sign the annulment papers. And I'm going to find
Ethan and we are going to elope, and you won't even be able to get out of this
room!
Ethan: Theresa, look -- mother's heart rate is going up. She's obviously
happy that you're here. See, I knew you two would work things out.
Pilar: Theresa -- you are in deep trouble here, mija. Things have gotten
completely out of control. For you to go after Ivy that way? What were you
thinking?
Theresa: Oh, mama, I was desperate.
Pilar: Yeah, you destroyed her wheelchair. I found Ivy crawling away to the
stairs.
Theresa: Mama, she had a copy of Mr. Crane's and my marriage license. She was
going to tell Ethan everything! I couldn't let that happen! I had to stop her!
Pilar: The only thing you've done is postpone the inevitable. Now Ivy's going
to be even more upset with you and when she tells Ethan, he'll go crazy.
Theresa: But I had no choice. Don't you see?
Pilar: No, Theresa, what I see is Ivy lying unconscious in a hospital bed.
Theresa: Oh, mama, I didn't touch her, only her wheelchair. I would never
hurt her, I swear it. I was trying to protect myself. Mama, she was going to
ruin my life.
Pilar: She will do it anyway, Theresa. She will do it.
Theresa: No. I won't let that happen. I will find a way to get that fax out
of her hand before Ethan sees it.
Pilar: What difference does that make, mija? She still knows that you're
married to Julian and, when she wakes up, she'll tell Ethan. And there's nothing
you can do to stop that.
Ivy: Theresa.
David: Excuse me. Sorry.
Grace: Sam?
Sam: Hey, sweetheart.
Grace: I just wanted you to know I'm here at the station.
Sam: I'll be there as soon as I can.
Grace: So how's everything there? Is everything all right with Ethan?
Sam: I haven't seen him yet, but Ivy's ok. She's unconscious, but eve thinks
that she'll be fine.
Grace: Um -- you know everything's ok with Ivy, but you haven't seen Ethan
yet?
Sam: No, not yet.
Grace: Oh. I see.
Sam: Grace, don't worry. I'm going to take care of this as fast I can and
make it over to you in plenty of time, I promise.
Grace: All right then. I'll see you when you get here.
David: I don't mean to eavesdrop, but Sam knows how Ivy is and not Ethan? I
thought his reason to go to the hospital was to see how his son was.
Grace: He did go to the hospital to see Ethan. He just hasn't had a chance
yet.
David: Obviously, Ethan wasn't the priority. Ivy was.
Julian: But if you'd allow me to explain, father --
Alistair: You couldn't because there is no explanation, no rational reason.
There's only your colossal stupidity, Julian.
Julian: That's not fair.
Alistair: Is putting the family at risk fair? Because that's what you did.
Your idiocy, your carelessness put the crane name on the line. We could've been
the object of ridicule and still may be because I have a ninny for a son!
Julian: I'm sure it won't come to that.
Alistair: For once in your pathetic life, don't let little Julian do all your
thinking for you now. I don't care what has to be done, but you get your
marriage to Theresa annulled and you marry Rebecca so she'll keep her damn mouth
shut about you having your sister killed. And for pity's sake, find a way to
silence Ivy. Gag that bitch or get rid of her once and for all. She's been a
thorn in our family's side since the day you married her.
Julian: Am I allowed to ask a question, father?
Alistair: No, just take care of it!
Julian: Father, that's what I wanted to ask -- how? How do you suggest I -- I
do all of this?
Alistair: You got yourself into this mess. Now you get yourself out of it. Or
there will be hell to pay.
[Phone disconnects]
Pilar: Theresa, why bother to get the fax? Ivy will only tell Ethan the
moment she wakes up.
Theresa: Yes. But that might not happen for days, mama, weeks, even. So what
I have to do is make sure that Ethan and I get married right away, before Mrs.
Crane speaks to him.
Pilar: That doesn't mean that Ivy won't tell him.
Theresa: Mama, once I am Ethan’s wife, he'll never turn his back on me. To
Ethan, marriage is a sacred commitment. So that's what I have to do -- make sure
I marry Ethan right away.
Pilar: Theresa, that's not the answer.
Theresa: Ethan? I have an idea.
Ethan: What is it?
Theresa: The way it looks, your mother could be like this for while. So why
don't we just elope now? And after we're married, we can come back and we can
tell your mother the good news. It could help her regain consciousness. Ethan,
please. Let's get married now, right away.
Ivy's voice: No! Don't do it! Don't marry that tramp! She's already married
to Julian!
Miguel: So what was your premonition?
Charity: I saw aunt Grace and she was leaving with suitcases, but she wasn't
leaving with Sam, she was leaving with David. And it wasn't now; it was some
time in the future.
Miguel: Ok, well, I mean, that could mean a lot of different things, Charity.
Charity: Yes. But I got the feeling she was leaving for good, she was never
coming back.
Kay: That's it. Charity, I’ve had it with your stupid premonitions!
Miguel: Wait, Kay, she didn't mean anything by it.
Kay: No, Miguel, my mom is not going to leave my dad, ok? She's not going
anywhere with David! She would never leave my dad!
Reese: Kay --
Simone: What is going on?
Charity: Ok, look, I'm really sorry. You're right, my premonition isn't
coming true. It'll never happen.
Grace: Sam went to the hospital for his son, Ethan. He needs him. It doesn't
have anything to do with Ivy.
David: Ok.
Grace: Look, Pilar said that Ethan could be in trouble.
David: So you keep saying. But Ethan is in his 20S. He's an adult, he's an
attorney. I mean, what kind of trouble could he possibly be in that he would
need Sam?
Grace: Look, I don't know. But the fact of the matter is that Sam wants to be
there for his son, and I can understand that. I mean, Ethan is very important to
Sam.
David: And you finding out about your past is important to you, yet you
sacrificed a chance to find out about those lost years so that you could take
this trip with Sam. What did he sacrifice?
Grace: What?
David: What did he sacrifice? Nothing. He's there at the hospital with Ethan
when he really should be right here with you.
Grace: Look, Ethan is his son. He just wants to be there --
David: Oh, yeah, a son he hardly knows. I mean, what kind of bond could they
have possibly formed?
Grace: It's gotten stronger.
David: It's a stronger bond than the one he has with you, his wife for over
20 years?
Theresa: Ethan, please.
Ethan: Wait, you want to get married now, while my -- while my mother's in
the hospital? I don't understand. Why do we have to do it now?
Theresa: Your mother would be so happy for us.
Ivy's voice: No!
Ethan: Look, I -- it's sweet of you to think about my mother, but you
remember what you said in Bermuda, that you wanted to have a wedding with your
whole family there in a church? I want to give you that.
Theresa: Yes.
Ethan: And I really want to wait until my mother's with us.
Theresa: But, Ethan, I --
Ethan: Theresa, I want to do this right and I want this to be the wedding day
that you've always dreamed of.
Ethan: Dad. Oh, I mean I'm sorry, I didn't mean --
Sam: No, no. You don't need to apologize. I'm glad you called me dad. It was
-- it was nice to hear. Eve says your mother's going to be fine.
Eve: Barring any complications, and we don't foresee any.
Ethan: Well, when do you think she's going to regain consciousness?
Eve: Well, I can't give you a time frame, Ethan. Let's just say that I’m
confident of a full recovery, and sooner rather than later.
Sam: I'm still not clear on what happened. I mean, why did Ivy drag herself
downstairs? Why didn't she just come down in her wheelchair?
Eve: We're not clear, either, Sam. Maybe the elevator was out.
Ethan: Yeah, or her wheelchair malfunctioned somehow.
Sam: But why was she so desperate to get downstairs? I mean, what was so
important?
Ethan: I have no idea.
Eve: Well, neither do i. But dragging herself down those stairs had to be
extremely painful and difficult for her. That's why she ended up back in the
hospital.
Sam: For her to go through what she did -- I mean, what couldn't wait?
Ethan: Hey, wait a minute. I know the reason.
Singer: You are my passion for life
Tabitha: It's Charity or u if we don't strike before she comes into her
powers, she'll wipe us off the face of the earth.
Timmy: But she's so sweet.
Tabitha: Charity's powers are lethal to anything that is evil, and you, by
way of your association with me, fall into the evil category. So we have to
concentrate on splitting up Charity and Miguel before they sleep together and
she comes in to her full powers. Now, who do you think we're going to use to
help us do that?
Timmy: Kay?
[Tabitha chuckles]
Tabitha: Give the lad a prize. Yes, dear Kay.
Timmy: But how's princess going to use her?
Tabitha: Well, Kay is a Standish woman. While her powers aren't as strong as
Grace or Charity's, she still has them. All they need is a little development,
and that's my job -- to coax them out of her. How?
Tabitha: By using this. This is going to lead Kay down an entirely new path.
Hemlock and heatherbane, nightshade and thyme, bring Kay into the fold, bring
her over to our side!
Timmy: It's gone.
Tabitha: Hmm, hmm. Yes, Timmy, it's gone -- right to where Kay will find it.
And once she does, it'll be all over for Miguel and Charity.
Simone: Kay, your mother is a good person. She loves your dad. She would
never leave him.
[Music plays]
Reese: May I have this dance?
Kay: Reese, I’m sorry. I'm not in the mood right now.
Reese: Oh. Ok. Would it be ok if I danced with Simone?
Kay: Sure. Go ahead.
Simone: Ouch!
Reese: Sorry.
Kay: Why don't you just leave us alone!
Grace: Kay, just stop it! He didn't do anything, all right? He didn't take
advantage of me.
Kay: Mom, he was kissing you, ok?
Grace: I know it! It's all right. Kay, I let him kiss me.
Charity: I saw aunt Grace and she was leaving with suitcases, but she wasn't
leaving with Sam, she was leaving with David. And it wasn't now, it was sometime
in the future.
Kay: Being good gets you nowhere. So why I don't care what I have to do or
how bad I have to be, I'm going to make Miguel mine.
Voice: Kay. Kay, here.
Kay: Who is it? Who's there?
Voice: Kay, come here. Come here. Come here. Come here, Kay.
Ethan: I know why mother was driven to go downstairs. She's still wearing her
wedding ring. She refused to acknowledge the divorce Julian got on the island.
She still considers herself Mrs. Crane. She knew Julian and Rebecca were getting
married downstairs. It was too much for her. So she came downstairs to stop the
wedding.
Eve: You're probably right.
Ethan: That's the only reason. Theresa, you were with her last. I mean, did
she say anything about her feelings?
Theresa: Mrs. Crane, please let me explain!
Ivy: No, you know, Theresa, this marriage license, it's all the explanation I
need. And you should've seen your face when I showed it to you. It was
priceless! And I can't wait to see Rebecca’s face when I show her. Oh, I am
going to fix her for trying to kick me out of my own home! Isn't it wonderful,
Theresa? I'm having revenge on you, on Rebecca, and Julian all at once. It's --
it's perfect!
Theresa: I am begging you, Mrs. Crane, you can't tell anyone.
Ivy: Oh, I can. And I will, Theresa. It's over, Cinderella. You will never
marry the
Theresa: No. Not really.
Ethan: See, that's got to be the reason. I -- I really don't think there's
any other explanation.
Sam: Julian. The way he's treated Ivy over the years, and he's still doing
it.
Eve: Well, I know you-all want to keep Ivy company, but she really does need
to rest.
Sam: I got to go.
Ethan: Right, I’m going to call my sisters -- my half-sisters and brother,
let them know what's going on.
Theresa: Dr. Russell, if it's ok, I'd like to sit with Mrs. Crane just a
little while longer, please?
Eve: Ok, honey, but just for a few more minutes.
Ethan: You're such a wonderful person, Theresa.
Theresa: Ok.
Theresa: Ok. Oh, lord. Please, please.
Eve: Ivy's going to be fine. Go off and take off on your trip.
Sam: Look, I wouldn't miss going away with Grace for anything, but I still
have some time before the train leaves, but I want to find out why Pilar is so
concerned about Ethan. He called me dad.
Eve: I heard.
Sam: That was the first time. Felt nice. Ethan and I are getting close. I can
feel it.
Eve: I'm happy for both of you, Sam.
Sam: Excuse me. Pilar? Pilar, why are you so worried about Ethan? He looked
fine to me.
Pilar: Well, he may be now, but he won't be later.
Sam: Pilar, what are you talking about?
Pilar: I'm sorry, Sam, I just -- I can't say anymore right now.
Sam: Why?
Pilar: You're just going to have to trust me on this, Sam, please. Something
can happen tonight and Ethan will need you or he could make the worst mistake of
his life.
Sam: Mistake? Pilar, you're going to have to give me more than that. Grace
and I are leaving tonight, we're going away. She's waiting for me at the station
right now.
Pilar: I -- Sam, look, I don't -- I don't mean to take you away from Grace. I
know how difficult it's been for you lately with this David character. I'm just
afraid that Ethan -- ok, Sam, something could happen here tonight, and if you're
not here to stop it, Ethan’s life will be destroyed.
David: Grace, you're worried. I can tell.
Grace: This trip is important to both of us. Sam will be here.
David: He should be here by now. What he's doing playing at the hospital at a
time --
Grace: You know, I don't know how many times I have to tell you, Sam will be
here. He won't let me down.
Sam: Why are you being so mysterious? Why don't you just tell me what's going
on?
Pilar: I can't, Sam. I wish that I could say more, but --
Ethan: Hey, I didn't get a chance to thank you before for checking on my
mother. It means a lot to me and I know my mother would feel the same way.
Sam: Ethan, is everything ok?
Ethan: Yeah, it's fine, you know. I mean, I'll feel a whole lot better when
my mother regains consciousness. You know, and although dr. Russell says she's
going to be ok, I'm just glad that Theresa’s here with me. She's like -- she's
like a one-woman support group. I'm very lucky to have her. I'm going to go make
my phone calls.
Sam: Pilar? What am I missing? He seems fine to me, not like a man headed for
trouble or self-destruction. Ok. Then I’m going to head over to the train
station. Grace and I are going away. We need it for the sake of our marriage. So
unless you level with me and tell me what's going on, I'm leaving.
[Julian whistles]
Julian: Theresa. Come here.
Julian: All right. I have the annulment papers. You sign them; our marriage
is over, permanently erased.
Theresa: No. I'm not going to sign them.
Tabitha: Spirits of darkness, help me bring Kay to the dark side. Bring her
to the book. Have her learn our ways.
Voice: Learn from the book.
Tabitha: Learn from the book.
Voice: Learn from the book.
Tabitha: Learn from the book.
Voice: Learn from the book.
Tabitha: Learn from the book.
Miguel: Charity?
Simone: What's wrong?
Charity: The book of evil. Stay away from it. If any one of us goes near it,
we will all be destroyed.
Tabitha's voice: The book.
Kay: Tabitha, is that you?
Voice: Find the book.
Tabitha's voice: Learn from the book.
Kay: &quot;Spells of pain.&quot; What's this?
Julian: What do you mean you're not going to sign the annulment papers? Are
you out of your mind? You were desperate to have our marriage wiped off the
books.
Theresa: Oh, I want that more than anything in the world, but what difference
does it make if everyone's going to find out about it? No, no, no, Mr. Crane, I
am not going to sign these papers unless you help me get that fax out of Ivy's
hand and then make her promise that she will never tell Ethan or anyone else.
Julian: Did I say things couldn't get any worse?
Theresa: Please. Mrs. Crane, let go of the fax, ok? Let me have it and then
totally put out of your mind that Julian and I are married. Just forget it.
Please? Forget it.
Ivy's voice: Never! I am going to make certain that Ethan knows all about you
no matter what.
Julian: I have to come up with something fast.
Julian: Of course.
Harper: What do you want with a lighter?
Julian: Ivy's oxygen.
Harper: Are you insane? Oxygen? Put a flame anywhere near it, you'll blow it
sky-high.
Julian: Along with my two biggest problems.
Grace: Look, David, you don't have to wait. I'm sure Sam will get here.
David: No, hey, listen, I've got nothing better to do. I'll wait till he gets
here and, if he does, I'll leave.
Grace: No, he'll get here, I'm sure. There's no way that Sam is going to miss
this trip.
Sam: Grace is waiting for me, Pilar. So unless you tell me why you're worried
about Ethan -- I'm sorry, I have to go.
Pilar: Sam. You can't leave. Because if you do, you'll get a call -- oh, God
-- bringing you back to arrest your son for murder.













  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 4.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Wednesday 11/07/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
 Wednesday
11/7/01--Thursday 11/08/01 USA
 By Stephanie&nbsp;
Tabitha: Spirits of darkness, help me bring Kay to the dark side! Bring her
to the book! Have her learn our ways!
Voice: Learn from the book.
Tabitha: Learn from the book.
Voice: Learn from the book.
Tabitha: Learn from the book.
Voice: Learn from the book.
Tabitha: Learn from the book. The book.
Kay: Tabitha, is that you?
Voice: Find the book.
Tabitha: Learn from the book.
Kay: &quot;Spells of pain.&quot; What's this?
Tabitha: Read the spell that will take Miguel away from Charity and make him
yours,
yours, yours.
Timmy: How long is this hocus-pocus stuff going to take, princess? This
cemetery gives Timmy the willies.
Tabitha: Oh! And being destroyed doesn't? Because that's what’s going to
happen if Charity and Miguel consummate their love.
Timmy oh. Don't talk dirty like that, tabby! Timmy hates it!
Tabitha: Oh.
Timmy: Charity is pure!
[Tabitha sighs]
Tabitha: And Kay is going to make sure that she stays that way. All she has
to do is find the right spell in the book.
Kay: &quot;Beware, the dark one knows thee for his kind to ride thee as a
large black cat.&quot; That's weird. Whoa! What is it with this silly old book?
I'm wasting time up here. I should be downstairs trying to break Miguel and
Charity up.
[Kay growls]
Charity: Everyone stay away from the book of evil. To go near it would
destroy us all.
Simone: What book of evil?
Miguel: Look, Charity, don't worry. All right, remember what father Lonigan
said? That evil can be fought once we figure out who brought it to Harmony.
Reese: Yeah, and we all know who that was.
Simone: What's that supposed to mean, Reese?
Reese: Well, who casts evil spells? Witches. Who's the only witch we know?
Tabitha.
Simone: You know what, Reese? I wish you would lay off of this Tabitha witch
thing.
Reese: Hey!
Simone: I mean, you sound like a broken record.
Reese: Don't believe me! Fine! But one of these days, you're going to realize
that I knew what I was talking about. I just hope when you do realize it we're
all still alive.
Grace: He'll be here.
David: I didn't say anything.
Grace: You know, Sam wants to go on this trip as much as I do.
David: Grace, I know you're looking forward to this trip. I just -- I just
don't want you to be disappointed. I mean, it's just too bad that he had to go
to the hospital.
Grace: Well, you know, he couldn't ignore Pilar’s call when she said that
Ethan -- his son -- could be in trouble and needed him. You know, maybe he just
got confused about what time the train was leaving.
David: Grace, you told him the time. I mean, he's a cop. I mean, it's his job
to remember that sort of thing.
Grace: Yeah, I did tell him.
David: If I was going away with you on our second honeymoon, I wouldn't
forget the time.
Grace: Ahem.
David: But then, I mean, who really knows what's keeping Sam? I mean, maybe
it's -- maybe it's Ethan. Or maybe it's Ivy.
Sam: Pilar, I have to take off. Grace is waiting for me at the station. Now,
I can't miss that train.
Pilar: I understand, Sam. And I'm not trying to tell you what to do, but I'm
warning you -- you may be called back to arrest your son.
Sam: You don't really believe Ethan’s capable of killing someone?
Pilar: Oh, I wish I didn’t. But I'm afraid that before this night is out,
Ethan may commit murder.
Gwen: Ethan.
Ethan: Hey.
Gwen: How's Ivy? Any -- any improvement?
Ethan: Well, she's still unconscious, but the doctor says she may come out of
it.
Gwen: Oh. Ethan, you've been through so much lately.
Ethan: Well, mother's been through more.
Gwen: Well, if there's anything I can do, any -- anything at all, you know
where I am.
Ethan: Thanks, Gwen.
Rebecca: Well, I want you to know that I’m here for you, too, Ethan.
Ethan: Rebecca, what are you talking about? You despise my mother.
Rebecca: Well. I don't see why he has to be so snippy.
Gwen: Mother -- oh, my -- you brought your gun to the hospital? Why would you
do that?
Rebecca: Well, it's to remind Julian that he and I have wedding plans.
Theresa: Oh. If Ethan were to see this fax, it would destroy his life.
Please, Mrs. Crane, just let it go.
Ivy's voice: Never!
Theresa: If he were to read this fax, he would kill Julian and spend the rest
of his life in jail.
Julian: Drastic situations demand drastic measures, Harper.
Harper: Don't do this, Julian. It's insane.
Julian: No, it's brilliant. I get rid of all of my problems with one simple
flick. Theresa? Would you come here a moment? I want you to do something.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life
David: It's about 30 seconds since the last time you checked.
Grace: Yeah, I -- I’m just -- I worry too much. I know.
David: Sam's a punctual guy. He'll make it. In the meantime, why don't I get
you a cup of coffee?
Grace: Yeah. That'd be nice. Thanks.
Grace: Ivy has done everything that she possibly can to try to get her way
back into Sam’s life, and he does not want her around.
David: You're sure of that?
Grace: Yes, I am sure of it! Ivy is Sam’s past! That's it!
David: Ok.
Grace: You sound doubtful.
David: Look; it's just that I’ve heard that -- that they say no one ever
really gets over their first love. I have never got over mine.
Grace: Yeah, Sam said the same thing. So what of it?
David: Well, I -- I just wonder if it's not true for Sam, if Sam has ever
gotten over his first love -- Ivy.
Sam: Ivy! Listen to me -- you are a wonderful, beautiful woman that any man
would be lucky to fall in love with and have a life with.
Ivy: Any man but you.
Sam: That's because you didn't come back. I waited. I hoped and prayed that
you would, but you didn’t. I had to move on. But I have never stopped loving
you, Ivy, not for a minute.
Grace: Come on, Sam. It's so important that you and I get away, just the two
of us. Don't miss this train.
Sam: Now, let me get this straight -- you're telling me Ethan, my son, Ivy's
son, is going to commit murder?
Pilar: Yes.
Sam: Tonight?
Pilar: I'm afraid so.
Sam: Well -- well, I mean -- did you talk to Ethan? I mean, did he tell you
he was going to kill someone?
Pilar: It wasn't what he said, Sam.
Sam: Pilar, now, I know you've been going through some tough times lately. I
mean, Theresa’s wedding not happening, Luis losing Sheridan.
Pilar: Oh, Sam, that has nothing to do with this.
Sam: Look, all I'm saying is you're probably to the point where you're
worrying about everything. It's all exaggerated in your mind.
Pilar: I'm not exaggerating this, Sam. If a certain something happens
tonight, Ethan could commit murder.
Sam: Pilar, you're talking in riddles. What do you mean, &quot;certain
something&quot;?
Pilar: I wish I could tell you more, Sam, but I -- I just promised that I
wouldn't talk about what I know.
Sam: Pilar, how can I help you if you don't tell me what's going on?
Pilar: Look, Sam, if this were to get out, a lot of people would be hurt and
it could lead to murder.
Sam: Pilar, I insist you tell me what's going on and let me decide what to do
with the information.
Pilar: I'm sorry, but there's nothing more I can say to you.
Sam: No -- how do you figure I can stop the murder?
Pilar: I don't know. Maybe you can’t. Maybe nobody can.
Sam: Look, I got to go, but I’m not going to leave until I talk to Ethan
and get to the bottom of this.
Theresa: What do you want now, Mr. Crane?
Julian: You want to get the fax out of Ivy's hand as badly as I do, right?
Theresa: Well, you know I do. I have tried to get it, but she won't let go.
Julian: I know, those talons of hers.
Theresa: Mr. Crane, that fax is a copy of our marriage license. If Ethan were
to read it, find out that you and I are married; he would walk out of my life
for good. Now, you see, Ivy made a promise that if he ever found out that I lied
to him again he would break up with me. But worse than that, he would kill you,
Julian, and spend the rest of his life in jail.
Julian: A very bleak outlook, indeed.
Theresa: Well, I can't get that fax out of her hand.
Julian: Not to worry. I will show you how to get the fax without her knowing
it.
Theresa: How?
Julian: Simple. Use this.
Theresa: What? What are you saying? Burn the fax while she's still holding it
in her hand? No, no, no, no. I could never do that!
Julian: I would never ask you to do that. All you need do is just flick on
the lighter and just -- just hold it close to her hand. She'll feel the heat,
let go of the fax. You grab it, burn it, run off with Ethan, and all our
problems are solved!
Miguel: If evil ever comes to Harmony again --
Simone: We'll destroy it before it even has a chance to get a foothold.
Reese: We'll find out who brought the evil and expose them.
Simone: This is our pledge.
Miguel: And no one can break it. It's a pact that'll last forever.
Simone: I wonder where Kay is.
Reese: Yeah. She'd want to be a part of this pact.
Miguel: What is it, Charity? Are you having another premonition?
Charity: The book of evil, Miguel -- I see a monster coming out of it.
Miguel: What kind of monster?
Charity: It -- it looks like a jungle cat. It has yellowy eyes. I can't get
it out of my mind!
Miguel: Hey.
Tabitha: For the life of me, Tim Tim, I haven't a clue where this premonition
came from. I didn't call for a monster. Who could have set it loose?
Timmy: Monsters make Timmy very nervous.
Tabitha: Well, I'll be. Look at that!
Timmy: Oh, no! It's a friend of fluffy's!
Tabitha: It's Kay.
Timmy: Like Kay isn't enough trouble when she's being herself.
[Kay growls]
[Simone screams]
Julian: Take this lighter and all our problems will be solved. You'd like
that, wouldn't you, dear? Of course you would.
Theresa: Well, yes, but --
Julian: Then take it!
Theresa: No! No. I can't do it! Even though Ivy is out to destroy me, it's
not in me to harm her!
Julian: Damn the girl and her conscience.
Harper: Misguided youth.
Julian: We have to find a way to get that fax out of Ivy's hand before
someone sees it.
[Phone rings]
Julian: God!
What? Oh, father.
Alistair: Don't let this be your waterloo, Julian. It's imperative that
Theresa signs the annulment papers.
Julian: Well, what good are the papers if Ivy shows Ethan the fax of our
marriage license?
Alistair: Get rid of Ivy and you won't have to worry about the fax.
Julian: I've tried, father, lord knows I’ve tried, but Theresa refuses to
help.
Alistair: There you go whining again. If there's one thing I can't stand --
Julian: I'm merely bringing you up to date.
Alistair: On your pathetic attempts to rectify the situation. Well, here's
what you have to do -- get rid of Ivy and marry Rebecca. No, no. No, wait, wait,
wait -- the best of all possible worlds would be you getting rid of all three --
Ivy, Theresa, and Rebecca.
Julian: You think that hasn't occurred to me?
Alistair: Then do it! Do whatever it takes. Because if you don't, believe me,
sonny boy, you're out of the family.
Julian: God! What am I going to do?
Harper: You know what we were talking about? Things not able to go wrong?
They just did.
Julian: Oh, is there no end to this agony?
Ethan: Theresa, what is it? Mother hasn't gotten worse, has she?
Theresa: Oh, no, no. She -- she's the same, Ethan. She's unconscious.
Ethan: I'm just worried that she hasn't improved. Look, Theresa, I know you
and mother had a long conversation back at the mansion, but I know you two
worked things out.
Theresa: Mrs. Crane, please don't tell Ethan. I didn't do it on purpose. I'm
sorry that I lied, but I never meant to hurt him! I had so much champagne that I
didn't know what I was doing!
Ivy: Save it for someone who cares, toots.
Theresa: Please, Mrs. Crane! Don't tell Ethan! I will do anything.
Ivy: I'm all out of pity, Theresa. I'm just glad I found out in time. Ah!
Theresa: I can't let you do this to me. I won't let you do this!
Ivy: What do you think you're doing?
Theresa: I won't let you take Ethan away from me. I am not going to let you
do it.
Ethan: And now you and mother can forget about that promise I made to her
that I would leave you if you ever lied to me because that's never going to
happen. &nbsp;
[Kay growls]
Simone: No, no --
Charity: Miguel!
Miguel: Hey.
Kay: That can't be me, can it? No.
No!
Tabitha: Poor Kay. She must have read the wrong spell and turned herself into
a panther.
Miguel: Is that the monster that you saw in your premonition?
Charity: Yes. What do we do?
Kay: I have to get out of here.
Miguel: We've got to go after it, all right, and find out who's responsible
for it being here in the first place.
Simone: Where's Kay?
Charity: Oh, she must be upstairs.
Simone: Kay!
Reese: Well, maybe she saw whatever that thing was and took off the back way.
Simone: Oh, I hope so.
Miguel: Look, we're going to find this thing, all right, root out the evil,
and make sure it never comes back to Harmony again. Come on.
Charity: Come on.
Timmy: What do Timmy and tabby do now?
Tabitha: We find Kay before they do. If we don't, they might figure out that
we're responsible for turning her into a monster and then our goose will be
cooked, Timmy. Come on.
Grace: Thanks.
David: You look worried, grace. You don't think Sam’s going to make it, do
you?
Grace: He'll be here. He's a man of his word.
David: You know, you gave up a lot to take this trip with Sam. I mean, you
gave up a chance for me to fill in the blanks in your past before I leave.
Grace: Well, you know, you can write it all down in those notebooks I gave
you and mail it to me.
David: Yeah, but what I mean is you -- you -- it took a lot of courage for
you to do what you did. I just hope Sam doesn't let you down again.
Grace: No, he won't d
David: Forgive me for being the one to remind you, but Sam has already let
you down before -- by not telling you about Ivy. I just hope this doesn't end up
being another one of those letdowns.
Ethan: Theresa, you shouldn't worry so much. All right mother is going to
wake up, and when she does, she's going to give us our blessing.
Theresa: Right.
Sam: Theresa.
Theresa: Hi, chief Bennett.
Sam: Uh -- would you mind giving us a moment alone? There's something I need
to discuss with him.
Theresa: Of course.
Sam: Thanks.
Theresa: I love you.
Ethan: I love you, too.
Sam: How's your mom?
Ethan: Well, the doctors say she's going to be fine.
Sam: That's great.
Ethan: Yeah, I guess it could have been a lot worse, but she's very strong.
Sam: Yeah. Yeah, she is. Is there anything else on your mind, anything you're
worried about?
Ethan: No. I guess -- well, I guess I’m worried about, you know, getting
everything in order so we can get ready for the wedding.
Sam: So there's nothing you're upset about? You're not angry at anyone?
Ethan: Well, you know, Julian has been totally infuriating in all this, I mean,
but what's new?
Ethan: You know, I guess I still tend to get angry with myself, you know,
remembering how blinded I was, not seeing Julian for who he was, what he
represented when I thought he was my father.
Sam: Yeah, well, we're all blinded at times. You just try not to make the
same mistake again.
Ethan: That’s the truth.
Sam: Ethan, look, can I be blunt with you?
Ethan: Yeah, absolutely.
Sam: This is really going to sound crazy, but you're not intending to kill
anyone, are you?
Ethan: Kill anyone? Why would I do that?
Rebecca: Let me be frank, Julian.
Julian: I -- I wouldn't have it any other way, my dove.
Rebecca: I've had it. That's why I have ordered the Crane jet to be fueled
and ready for our flight to Vegas.
Julian: Our flight?
Rebecca: Yes! So either you marry me tonight or I shoot you. Are we clear?
Oh, oh, and when Sam asks me why I did it, I'll tell him about my gruesome
discovery -- that you killed your sister and I had to shoot you to stop you from
running away.
Julian: Oh, my God.
Rebecca: Hmm. So what's it going to be, pookie? Leave for Vegas or leave your
life?
Singer: You are my passion for life
Reese: Did anybody see it?
[Kay growls]
Miguel: Yeah, I think it went this way.
Charity: I sense the presence of evil, Miguel.
Reese: Yeah, well, that thing doesn't know who it's messing with.
Miguel: Hey, remember -- don't do anything to the monster until we know who
sent it.
Reese: Check.
Miguel: We're going to root out evil in Harmony for good.
Reese: And then you'll see I’m right. When we grab that thing and make it
talk, the first words out of its mouth is going to be &quot;Tabitha Lenox.&quot;
Miguel: You're nuts, Reese. Come on, guys.
Tabitha: That Ross is a royal pain in the derriere, isn't he, lad? One of
these days, he'll get his. Mark my words.
Timmy: Forget Reese. Did tabby hear what Miguel said? He's going to root out
all evil in Harmony. That means Tabitha.
Tabitha: Huh! No kidding.
Timmy: So what are Timmy and tabby going to do?
Tabitha: Well, one thing's for sure, lad -- we better find Kay before Miguel
does or we best just keep running.
Sam: I thought it'd be better if we talked alone, away from everyone,
especially Julian.
Ethan: The farther away from him, the better.
Sam: Yeah. Well, what the hell is he doing here anyway?
Ethan: I don't know. I mean, everything that happened with my mother -- her
crawling down the stairs -- happened in his house. And, you know, he probably
just wants to make sure she doesn't sue him for all her pain and suffering.
Sam: You know, there's not a decent bone in that man's body.
Ethan: Look, let's just forget about Julian. Now, what's this business about
me killing someone? What's this all about?
Sam: I don't know. It's crazy, right?
Ethan: Well, what might make you think that that might be true?
Sam: Well, it's not me. It was Pilar. She's got it in her head that something
might make you so angry that you would commit murder.
Ethan: Pilar said that?
Sam: Yes.
Ethan: Well, did she say who I might kill?
Sam: Well, that's the strangest part. She refuses to say who.
Ethan: That doesn't make sense.
Sam: Yeah, it's a bizarre accusation to make, that's for sure.
Ethan: I have absolutely no reason to hurt anyone.
Sam: Look, if it was anybody else but Pilar, I'd dismiss it. I know how much
she cares for you. She wouldn't just call me over here and tell me this if she
didn't have some basis.
Ethan: Yeah, it's strange.
Sam: Look, don't worry about it, all right? After talking to you, I'm
relieved. It's obvious that you're not going to do whatever it is she thinks you
might do.
Ethan: Well --
Sam: Look, I'd feel a whole lot better, not only as the chief of police, but
as your father.
Ethan: Well, thanks for your concern. It means a lot to me.
Sam: Well, look, I got to take off.
Ethan: Yeah.
Sam: Take care.
Ethan: Only if someone hurt Theresa, then I'd want to kill them.
Julian: Rebecca, sweetheart, light of my life, I can't just zoom off to
Vegas.
Rebecca: Oh, can and will.
Julian: But Ivy --
Rebecca: Oh, if you mention that bitch's name one more time, I swear I am
going to plug you in the kneecap.
Julian: Well, please, just hear me out. The woman is on her deathbed, or
close to it.
Rebecca: Well, one can only hope.
Julian: Well, how would it look if I were to run off and get married now? It
would generate an absolute maelstrom of bad press, and you know how father hates
bad press. He would never forgive me, and rightly so.
Rebecca: Hmm, I don't think Alistair’s the one you need to be worried about
right now, my pet.
Harper: Think about what you're doing, Mrs. Hotchkiss.
Gwen: Mother, I need to talk to you.
Rebecca: What? Now I'm the middle of something!
Gwen: Now.
Rebecca: Oh!
Julian: From bad to worse to abysmal. I don't think I can take much more.
Harper: Well, I'll tell you, Julian, lately I’ve been thinking I’m Tony
soprano's lawyer.
Julian: Oh, that man hasn't half the problems that I have.
Theresa: Mr. Crane, please --
Julian: It is time for you to come to your senses! Now, you will have to go
on there and get that fax from Ivy.
Theresa: By burning her? No, it's not right.
Julian: Why are you so worried about Ivy? I mean, what's a little burn
compared to what will happen if Ethan spots that fax? Have you forgotten what
Ivy did to you? If she hadn't driven her car into that church, you two lovebirds
would be married and settled down by now. So what's it going to be, Theresa --
just a little singe or a life without Ethan?
David: Oh, ow. Did you burn your hand?
Grace: No, I'm fine. I just don't know what's wrong with me.
David: You're just not yourself tonight, grace. You're just -- you're just
worried that Sam might not make it.
Grace: You know what? I'm not worried. Sam will be here. I told you this trip
is as important to him as it is to me.
Sam: Pilar.
Pilar: Oh. I was just on my way to see Ivy.
Sam: She's still unconscious. But Ethan says the doctors think that she'll
pull through.
Pilar: Oh, thank God.
Sam: Pilar, I'm going to take off. But I want to let you know not to worry. I
had a long talk with Ethan.
Pilar: Oh.
Sam: And believe me, killing someone is the furthest thing away from his mind
right now. Now, I may not know my son all that well because I haven't spent that
much time with him, but I do know him well enough that he's never shown any
signs of being a murderer.
Pilar: Well, none of us are murderers, Sam. But we're all capable of snapping
if we're pushed to the limit.
Sam: Pilar, what is it? What is it that's going to make Ethan snap?
Gwen: Mother, you can't just threaten to shoot Julian.
Rebecca: Yes, I can. And I'll tell you why. Look, I know you think it was
unseemly the way I was acting in there and the way I was talking to Julian, and
you're right. Under normal circumstances, you are absolutely right but these are
extraordinary times, and that calls for extraordinary acts. I mean, my whole
future is in Julian’s hands. I divorced your father for him. I have put my
entire life on hold for him. And I'm not just going to let him turn around and
walk out of my life just because it's unseemly to threaten him when his ex-wife
is unconscious in a hospital bed. I mean, given the opportunity, Julian will
wiggle his way out of anything, and I have no intention of giving him that
opportunity.
Gwen: Ok, I understand that, mother. Really, I do, and, yes, I dragged you
out here because I thought you were behaving poorly.
Rebecca: Under normal circumstances.
Gwen: But what I really want to do is talk to you about Ethan and Theresa. I
think you're right -- there is something really strange going on between them,
between Ivy and Theresa and Ethan. I don't know what it is, but I think it might
be big.
Rebecca: I can feel it.
Gwen: I've been watching her from across the room, and she's so nervous -- I
mean, more so than usual. I'm getting the sense that however slight, I may be
able to get Ethan back. This may be my last chance, and I don't want to ruin it.
Rebecca: Oh, I am so happy to see you haven't lost your fighting spirit.
Gwen: I want Ethan.
Rebecca: Then you go get him. Ok?
Gwen: Yeah.
Rebecca: And you just let him know at every opportunity that you are there
for him, just like you did when you ran into him. And when the opportunity
arises, strike. Well -- but now it's my time, and I am not leaving here without
Julian in tow.
Julian: You just flick on the lighter and give her a tiny little burn. It's
nothing. All you want is for her to drop the bloody fax. It's simple. I mean,
she's probably so pumped full of painkillers, she won't even feel it.
Harper: Think twice about what you're doing, Julian.
Julian: I've thought twice, thrice, a dozen times.
Harper: The second Theresa flicks that lighter on, the flame will ignite the
oxygen. There will be an explosion.
Julian: I know.
Harper: It's crazy.
Julian: If there was a better way to go about this, I would jump at it! But
there isn't! Not with Ivy about to wake up, Ethan on the prowl, Sam Bennett in
attendance, father breathing down my neck, Rebecca ready to riddle me with
bullets. There is no other option. Time is running out, Theresa. What's it going
to be?
Theresa: No, you've put me in a terrible position, Mr. Crane.
Julian: No, you wait a minute! You put yourself in this position just as much
as I did. What's done is done! Are you going to burn the fax and marry Ethan --
yes or no?
Theresa: I don't like it, but I will do it!
[Panther growls]
[Zookeeper blows whistle]
Zookeeper: Cat's escaped! Cat's escaped!
Tabitha: Hurry up, Timmy.
Timmy: Timmy feels sorry for Kay, although he wouldn't mind using her for a
night to scare fluffy and teaching her a lesson.
Tabitha: If those kids find Kay before we do, we're in for a lesson we'll
never forget. Come on.
[Kay growls]
[Kay growls]
Miguel: The monster went this way. I saw it. We've got it trapped.
Charity: Miguel, I'm scared. I'm feeling a really strong sense of threat from
the monster towards us.
Reese: And we all know what that threat really is -- Tabitha. She's the one
we're really after.
David: He's still not here.
Stationmaster: Train on platform two, now boarding.
David: Well, that's your train. I guess it's crunch time. Soon you'll know
who's more important -- Ethan, Ivy, or you.
Grace: Look, he'll make it. I know he will. He's got to.
Pilar: I'm sorry, Sam. I've said too much already.
Sam: Pilar, why won't you help me? If you're so certain that Ethan’s going
to commit murder, then --
Pilar: Well, it's just I still have hopes that it won't happen.
Sam: Well, I'll take the odds on it not happening, too. But, Pilar, look,
we're running out of time. You got to help me. Look, I have to go meet grace
right now.
Come on. Look, I am certain Ethan is not going to hurt anybody. But grace
will be badly hurt if I don't show up. Now, you know grace is my life.
Julian: Go. Do it. Get it over with so we can get on with our lives.
Theresa: Oh, my God. What am I doing?
Julian: Let it just -- don't think. Do it.
Harper: Horrible. Just horrible.
Julian: Two wives, one little lighter.
Theresa: I'm so sorry, Mrs. Crane. But I have no choice. I have to do this.
My future depends on it.
&nbsp;













  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;&nbsp;
 &nbsp;




















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Thursday 11/08/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">



&nbsp;




 Thursday 11/8/01-Friday 11/9/01-USA
 Provided by Stephanie  Sheridan: Why can't I remember more about him?
Luis: Why do I feel so close to you?
Zookeeper: It's only been loose five, 10 minutes, tops. But panthers are
quick, and it's dark out. It could be anywhere in town by now. Once we find it,
shoot it before he kills some innocent bystander. Now, let's go.
Reese: Are you sure the panther came this way?
Miguel: I'm positive, Reese. Only it's not a panther. It's some kind of
monster that's taken animal form.
Jessica: Hey! What's going on?
Reese: You wouldn't believe us if we told you.
Simone: We were in Tabitha’s living room when this huge black cat came
slinking down the steps.
Jessica: Where'd it come from?
Charity: I'm not sure. But before it happened, I had this premonition that a
monster was going to come after me and Miguel -- all of us!
Miguel: Look, everybody just calm down. Ok, we have it trapped, and as soon
as we capture it, we'll find out who sent, and then we'll destroy it.
Jessica: Where's Kay? Where's my sister?
Miguel: We don't know. Look, she went upstairs a few minutes before this cat
thing came down.
Jessica: Oh, no. What if it --
Reese: Shh, shh, shh, shh! Don't even think it. Now, she must have saw the
creature and either hid or ran away. She's -- she's -- she's going to be safe
and sound when we get back to Tabitha’s. I don't know what I'd do if anything
happened --
Charity: Shh!
Miguel: Ok, ok. That's enough, Reese. Everybody ready?
Charity: Be careful, Miguel.
Miguel: All right.
Charity: The evil's really strong.
Tabitha: Ah! That's perfect. Ha! Once we spot Kay, we can use this to corner
her, lead her back to the attic, and then she can read the right spell out of my
book.
Timmy: The one that will help make Miguel fall in love with her?
Tabitha: Precisely. Then and only then can we let down our guard because as
you well know, if Charity and Miguel consummate their nauseatingly sweet love,
we're done. Kitty! Kitty! Kitty, where are you? Well, come on, Timmy. I could
use some assistance here.
Timmy: Timmy's sorry, princess, but he can't help.
Tabitha: Why on earth not?
Timmy: Timmy's terrified by cats, especially big ones, like fluffy tigers,
and panthers.
Tabitha: But, it's not really a cat, Timmy. It's only Kay in demonic
disguise. There's nothing to be afraid of. Come on. Come on, come on!
Sam: I've got to go. Grace is waiting for me at the train station.
Pilar: I know how important this trip is.
Sam: No, this is more than important. With David Hastings barging into our
lives on the heels of everything that's happened with Ivy, we really need to get
away for the sake of our marriage.
Pilar: I understand.
Sam: Then why do you keep telling me that Ethan is going to commit murder
when some unspeakable truth is made public?
Pilar: Well, that's what I fear, and -- look, I've said too much already. I'm
sorry.
Sam: Well, I'm sorry, too, Pilar. Ethan looks fine to me. And I can't miss
that train.
[Phone rings]
Sam: Look, I don't have time --
Grace: Sam, it's me. Where are you?
Sam: I'm just leaving the hospital.
Grace: The hospital? The train's boarding. It's going to leave in a few
minutes.
Sam: Look, I'll be there, ok? I promise I'll be there.
David: Sam's still at the hospital?
Grace: But he's on his way. I told you he'd make it.
David: Grace, he's not here yet. Sam's still at the hospital with Ethan and
Ivy.
Ethan: I don't get it. I mean, my mother got out of her wheelchair and then
crawled all the way downstairs. And then before she passed out, she said
something about knowing the truth.
Gwen: And you have no idea what she could have meant by that?
Ethan: No. I mean, I guess it must have had something to do with Julian and
your mother. Maybe she had a new angle on how to stop the wedding.
Gwen: Well, whatever it is, I'm sure she'll let us know as soon as she comes
to.
Ivy: Ethan will never forgive you this time, Theresa! I knew that you were
hiding something, you and Julian. And now I know the truth! Oh-ho! And soon
Ethan will know the truth! The whole world will know the truth that you are Mrs.
Julian Crane!
Theresa: You're giving me no choice, Mrs. Crane. Ethan can't find out that
Julian and I are married until after we're married. He won't leave then no
matter what. I'll do my best not to burn you.
Julian: Just do it, damn it! Get it over with!
Harper: If Theresa lights that lighter, both she and Ivy will be blown from
here to kingdom come.
Julian: Yes, which will make my father sleep easier tonight and ensure your
tenure as the Crane family lawyer.
Harper: I can't watch.
Julian: Stop being such a wuss! With wives number one and two gone, all I
have to worry about prospective wife number three, and I can take care of
Rebecca in my sleep.
Rebecca: You heard me. Keep the jet on the tarmac for when Mr. Crane and I
arrive. I don't care if you normally get your orders from Mr. Alistair. After
our flight to Vegas, you will soon be taking orders from me as well -- the new
Mrs. Crane.
Julian: I've got it, Harper. I just figured out a way to kill three wives
with one cigarette lighter.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life
Sheridan: I know he's dead, but it's as if I can still feel his presence, as
if we were breathing the same air.
Luis: I need you, Sheridan. Come back to me.
Jess are you sure that this thing you saw is a monster?
Charity: It looks like a panther from the zoo, but it's not real. Look, I can
tell by the glint in its eyes it's been sent to destroy u
Miguel: No, look, I told you, I'm not going to let that happen. Let's go.
Timmy: Timmy still doesn't understand how Kay turned herself into a panther.
Tabitha: I never should have trusted her to find the right spell in my book.
Now, we've got to find her before Miguel does and figures out what's happened.
Sam: Pilar, I have to meet Grace.
Pilar: I know you do, Sam. I'm just afraid --
Sam: Pilar, listen to me, I spoke with Ethan. He's fine. He's certainly not
in a frame of mind to kill anyone. And you can't say for certain that anything
will happen anyway. Nothing is going to stop me from getting to Grace, but I
just figured out how to protect Ethan.
Ivy: Fax. Fax.
Theresa: Mrs. Crane, if you can hear me, all I want is to marry Ethan and
spend the rest of my life making him happy. Just open your hand and let me have
the fax.
Ivy: No --
Theresa: I don't want to hurt you. But I will do anything to keep Ethan from
finding out that I married Julian. And will you please just let me have the copy
of the marriage license?
Harper: Don't tell me you want to blow up Rebecca, too.
Julian: Harper! It's brilliant, yes? Well, Rebecca knows that I had Sheridan
killed. If she departs along with Ivy and Theresa, I’m home free. Father will
be most pleased. No more threats to the family name. Oh.
Pumpkin.
Rebecca: Don't &quot;pumpkin&quot; me, &quot;pookie.&quot; The Crane jet is
on the tarmac ready to take off as soon as we arrive. So what's it going to be,
fly to Vegas to get married or do I tell chief Bennett that you had your sister
killed?
Julian: Darling --
Rebecca: It's up to you. I have had it with being patient with all your
stalling.
Julian: You are absolutely right. You have been a saint to put up with my
shenanigans till now.
Rebecca: I knew it. So you admit that you've been putting off our wedding?
Julian: Not because I don't love you, my little passion flower.
Rebecca: Well, then why, for heaven's sake? I deserve to know now!
Julian: I've tried to postpone our much anticipated nuptials because --
[Julian sighs]
Julian: I'm already married to someone else.
Rebecca: Oh, don't give me that. You're divorced from Ivy. She can contest it
as much as she wants, but we all know it's legal.
Julian: I'm not speaking about Ivy right now. I'm married to someone else.
Rebecca: What?
Luis: For a moment, I almost thought she was there. I must be losing my mind.
Sheridan is gone.
Sheridan: I can't go on like this. I've got to stop obsessing about a man
that I once loved when I don't even remember his name.
Sheridan: How long ago was that? Where was I?
Sheridan: I'm not the least bit tired. Maybe a swim will help.
Luis: There's no way I’m going to sleep now. I'll go down to the water.
David: Hey, it's all right. I'd be nervous, too.
Grace: I'm not nervous. Sam said he will make it, and he will. Would you stop
that?
David: What?
Grace: Acting like you know my husband, like you know Sam better than I do.
David: Hey, I didn't mean to imply any such thing. I just hate to see you so
uptight. Well, anyway, now we know why he's late.
Grace: He wouldn't have stayed at the hospital so long if wasn't important.
David: I thought this romantic getaway of yours was more important.
Grace: It is, and it will happen.
David: I hope so, for your sake. I mean, you were willing to give up me
telling you all about your past so you could catch this train with Sam, and -- d
he's obviously put Ivy above your plans.
Grace: For the last time, I'm going to tell you -- Sam went to the hospital
for Ethan.
David: Excuse me -- Ethan? The son he had with Ivy.
Sam: Look, if you're right and Ethan hears something that's going to upset
him tonight, there's only one way to keep him from going berserk. I'm going to
talk to Theresa.
Theresa: Mother, she had a copy of Mr. Crane's and my marriage license. She
was going to tell Ethan everything. I couldn't let that happen! I had to stop
her!
Pilar: The only thing you've done is postpone the inevitable. Now Ivy's going
to be even more upset with you, and when she tells Ethan, he'll go crazy. I
don't think Theresa can help.
Sam: Why not? She's his fiancée. I know she'll be able to calm him down if
he loses it. I'm going to go find her.
Theresa: Please, don't make me have to use this lighter to get your hand
open. I'm scared that I'll burn you. See, I’m not the monster you think I am.
I made a terrible mistake because I was drunk, but I never stopped loving Ethan
for a second. See, that's why I went down to Bermuda in the first place -- to
try to talk Julian into taking Ethan back as his son. But Julian kept plying me
with champagne until I was so out of it I didn't even know it was him I was
marrying. And then afterwards, when Ethan got there, I couldn't tell him because
I knew he would kill Julian and spend the rest of his life in prison. You don't
want that any more than I do, Mrs. Crane. I know you don't. So open your hand,
ok? Let me have the fax. I will tear it up, I'll sign Julian’s annulment
papers, and then Ethan and I can get married and everything will be the way it
was supposed to be. Ok? Why isn't anything ever simple for me?
Rebecca: Well -- if you're not talking about Ivy, then -- then who exactly
are you married to?
Julian: You -- you remember how suspicious you were of me when you flew down
to Bermuda?
Rebecca: Well, yes. I -- whenever I walked in, you and Theresa were
whispering about God knows what, and -- well, I knew something was up, but I
don't see what this has to do with -- with Theresa. Oh, my God. Oh, no, Julian,
please. Please, I know that you are capable of just about every immoral,
unspeakable act, but please tell me you're not --
Julian: I'm afraid so, dear. When I was in Bermuda, I married Theresa.
Rebecca: Oh! You filthy dog!
Julian: Rebecca, please! No!
Rebecca: Oh! You pig!
Julian: Ow! Harper! Harper!
Guard: Well, what would it be doing down here? Cats hate the water.
Zookeeper: An escaped panther on the prowl could be anywhere. We have to
search every inch of Harmony, including the wharf. This cat has to be found.
Reese: I see its tail! Behind that crate!
Miguel: Good job, Reese.
Charity: Watch out, Miguel. It's pure evil. It'll hurt you if it can.
Tabitha: Here, lad.
Timmy: Why is Tabby handing Timmy the rope?
Tabitha: Because when we do find the pantherized Kay, we might have to put
her on leash to get her home.
Timmy: Tabitha wants Timmy to put a rope around the jungle cat's neck?
Tabitha: Kay's neck. So we can remedy this royal botch-up. Don't fret, lad.
It's sure to be a piece of cake. Kay's probably dying to be captured so she can
revert back to her old churlish self. Now, don't worry, Timmy. Don't be afraid.
Trust me.
Ethan: Hey, Pilar, what's going on with Sam tonight? He's been asking me all
sorts of weird questions.
Pilar: Was he?
Ethan: Yeah, and he claims they're because of you. Did you tell him I was
going to kill someone?
Pilar: Kill someone.
Ethan: Yeah, it's crazy, right? He must have misunderstood. Have you seen
Theresa? Was she in the e.R.?
Pilar: I don't know.
Ethan: Well, you know, Theresa’s been such a brick. I don't know how I
could have got through this without her. And I really can't wait till mother
recovers and she realizes how much she's helped her.
Pilar: She loves you, Ethan. Just always remember that everything she does
she does out of her love for you.
Ethan: I know that.
Theresa: I'm sorry. I don't want to do this, but you leave me no choice.
Sam: No choice to do what, Theresa?
Rebecca: You snake! You cad!
Julian: Ow!
Rebecca: You pathetic excuse for a man! You know, it occurred to me that
maybe you married Theresa, but I thought, &quot;oh, no, no, that's too low even
for you!&quot;
Julian: But you don't know the whole story!
Rebecca: Oh, no! But I know exactly how it's going to end.
Julian: Rebecca, you cannot kill me. You will go to jail, even if you plead
insanity.
Rebecca: Who said anything about killing you? I think I would rather see you
spend the rest of your life without little Julian. When I’m through with you,
you won't be able to two-time another woman again. Each section in your upper
airway
Singer: You are my passion for life
Sheridan: Maybe the warm water will relax me; help me fit the bits and pieces
of my memory together.
Sheridan: I was so happy. Why did it have to end?
Luis: I wonder who this belongs to.
David: You heard the conductor, Grace. Train's leaving in a few minutes.
Grace: You know what? Sam said he will be here, and he will be.
David: You must really love him.
Grace: And just what's that supposed to mean?
David: Well, that you'd put your faith in a man who's disappointed you so
many ti--
Grace: You know what? I'm not going to sit here and listen to you undermine
my hus-- undermine Sam.
David: Hey, I’m not trying to put Sam down. I'm looking out for you.
There's a big difference. You don't like what I have to say because it's exactly
what you're thinking. Sam said he'd be here, and he's not, either because he's
with Ivy or the son they had in an affair that he tried to keep secret from you.
All I know is that there's nothing in the world that would have kept me away
from you tonight.
Grace: I know that Sam loves me, and he wouldn't keep me waiting
intentionally.
David: Oh, the hell with intentionally! He's doing it, and you can't even
deny it! Look, Grace, I don't have to tell you this, ok? You already know this.
I'll get you some reading material for your trip -- if that's where you're
really going.
Grace: Please don't do this to me, Sam. Please don't do this.
Sam: What's this choice you're concerned about making, Theresa?
Theresa: I was just wondering whether or not I should tell Ethan that his
mother is still in a coma. You know how much he loves her.
Sam: Ethan means the world to her, too. I hope Ivy regains consciousness
soon.
Ivy: Ethan -- eth-- the truth -- the truth --
Theresa: She -- she keeps doing that, and I have no idea what it's about.
Sam: Maybe she's reliving the trauma of Ethan learning that I’m his real
father and not Julian.
Theresa: That must be it. I'll never stop blaming myself for my part in that.
Sam: Hey, come here. Listen; don't worry about that, all right? That was in
the past. What we have to concentrate on now is the future, and that's exactly
why I came to talk to you. Your mother thinks that Ethan’s going to go off the
deep end tonight if some certain information comes out.
Theresa: Well, it can't come out!
Sam: Wait. You know what she's talking about? Well, what is it?
Theresa: I can't tell you.
Sam: Look, I'm not going to sit here and argue with you. I should have been
at the station 10 minutes ago to meet Grace. I just thought if you knew what the
situation was, you could help Ethan if and when this secret pops.
Julian: Give me the gun, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Not on your life. You and your overactive libido have played your
last woman for a fool.
Julian: But I love you, Becky. You're the only woman I ever wanted to marry.
Rebecca: Then why did you marry Theresa?
Julian: It wasn't my fault. She followed me to Bermuda after Ethan bailed out
of the wedding. She saw that I was in a weakened state from pining for you, and
she stalked me.
Rebecca: If you actually think I am going to believe a word of this --
Julian: It is the truth. She honed in on my vulnerability. She poured on the
sympathy and the charm and God knows how many bottles of champagne till I didn't
know where I was or who I was. The next thing, I know I wake up and it's
morning. She's flashing this marriage license around with our names on it, but I
don't remember a thing! Now, she's holding me to this marriage. I -- Theresa
will not give me a divorce until I sign the entire Crane fortune over to her.
That is the truth, Rebecca. I swear on my mother's grave.
Luis: What am I doing? Everything I look at, everything I touch -- it reminds
me of her. I can't go on like this.
Sheridan: You get the anchor unstuck?
Luis: No, not yet. One more try should do the trick, though.
Sheridan: Ok. Coffee's almost ready.
Luis: That's the last time I saw her smile.
Reese: It's right there!
Simone: I am so scared.
Jessica: Me, too. Who knows what it did to Kay back at the house.
Miguel: Shh! Everybody, quiet.
[Panther growls]
Miguel: We know who you really are -- an evil creature sent here to destroy
Charity. You've been to Harmony before in other guises, and we've beaten you,
just like we're going to beat you again tonight. You represent everything that's
bad in this world, and you have to be destroyed.
Jessica: It's getting away!
Reese: It's headed over there!
Jessica: Go! Go, go, go, go! Come on!
Timmy: Sounds like the kids found the giant kitty before Timmy and Tabby did.
Tabitha: There is no giant kitty, Timmy. It's Kay in panther form. She's
completely harmless.
Theresa: Please, go meet Mrs. Bennett. I promise that I won't let Ethan get
upset.
Sam: Are you sure you can prevent it?
Theresa: I know I can. I love Ethan with all of my heart. And there is
nothing I wouldn't do to keep him from being hurt.
Sam: Ok. Thanks, Theresa. It's what I wanted to hear. And don't worry about
Ivy. I'm sure she'll come around once she realizes you have her son's best
interests at heart.
Theresa: It's true. And that's why I have to do this. Ethan loves me. And it
would kill him to find out that I married Julian.
Julian: Theresa -- she tricked me. It was obviously all part of her plan to
get her mitts on the family fortune.
Rebecca: Well, that is why she went after Ethan.
Julian: Yes, and when he wouldn't marry her, she got desperate and set her
sights on me. That's why she followed me to Bermuda when she found out that's
where I’d gone. Let's be logical, honey bun. I mean, what man in his right
mind would choose Theresa over you, huh?
Rebecca: Good point. So where is the little gold digger?
Julian: Oh, what's the difference? There's no point causing a scene in Ivy's
cubicle.
Rebecca: So that's where she is. Well, she is not going to get a penny of the
Crane fortune.
Julian: You just watched a true master at work.
Harper: You did that on purpose to get Rebecca into Ivy's cubicle with
Theresa.
Julian: Oh, bravo, Harper. You're not as thick as I thought you were. When
Theresa lights that lighter, I shall be a free man. Ah. Free at last. O special
plans. We'll probably just stay home.
Reese: That evil panther has to be down here.
Miguel: We'll find it and we'll make sure it never hurts anyone again.
Charity: I can feel it. It's close by.
Zookeeper: Hey, kids. Get out of here! We got an escaped panther on the
loose.
Miguel: Yeah. We've seen it. Only it's not a real --
Zookeeper: Well, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Where was it?
Simone: We chased it from the alley, but you're making a mistake. It's not a
real panther.
Charity: Look, it's pure evil that's taken animal form.
Zookeeper: Yeah. I don't know what you kids have been smoking --hey --
Zookeeper: But this panther we've been looking for is as real as they come.
It escaped from its cage tonight.
Miguel: Wait. From the zoo?
Zookeeper: Well, that's where we're from. Trust me. This cat's as vicious as
they come. It'll kill in a second if it feels cornered.
Jessica: Oh, my gosh!
Miguel: We thought it was something else.
Zookeeper: Obviously. Now, stand back. Let us do our job. Let's go, boys. You
know what to do when you see him.
Charity: Wait! You're going to shoot it?
Zookeeper: That's the general idea.
Tabitha: Be quiet, Timmy. You don't want the others to know we're here.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't see anyone.
Tabitha: Well, they must be off chasing the cat. They don't know it's only
Kay.
Timmy: Where could she have gone?
Tabitha: Oh. Oh! There you are, Kay. We've been looking all over for you.
Come on, dear. We haven't got all night, you know.
[Panther growls]
Tabitha: Now, we've got to get you back to the house so that you can read the
right spell and revert to your old self before Miguel catches up with you.
Timmy: She's really into it, princess, isn't she? As if she could scare
Timmy.
Meow!
Meow!
[Timmy hisses]
Timmy: See? Timmy can play kitty, too.
[Panther growls]
Tabitha: Yeah. Well -- don't tease her, Timmy. Just put -- put the rope
around her neck so we can get her home.
Timmy: No problem, princess. Timmy could do this job in his sleep.
[Panther growls]
Timmy: Here, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty. Here, kitty, kitty,
kitty.
[Panther growls]
Sheridan: Oh, this is exactly what I needed. Oh! Where'd that come from? I'm
not going to let a little cramp stop me. Ow! Oh. Help!
Luis: Was that someone crying out for help? Must be hearing things.
Sheridan: Help me.
Conductor: Final call for the mountain line number seven on track B. All
aboard who's going aboard!
David: I could throttle Sam for doing this to you.
Grace: You know, don't say that. Something must have happened. Sam wouldn't
break a promise to me without a good reason.
David: Oh, I'm sure it is -- to him.
Grace: I am not talking about Ivy. Sam would never stand me up for Ivy --
never.
Sam: I'm on my way, Grace. I promise. Thank God Ethan’s going to be all
right. Theresa said she'd make sure of it.
Julian: As much as I’d like to stay and witness the fruits of my
brilliance, it must be wiser to seek cover.
Ethan: Julian, have you seen Theresa?
Julian: Theresa -- no,&nbsp;
Ethan: She's probably in the cubicle with Mother.
Rebecca: Oh, what the --














name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Friday 11/09/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
Passions Update Friday 11/9/01 Canada Monday
11/12/01 USA
  By Stephanie

[Panther growls]
Kay: What is it with this silly old book? I'm wasting time up here. I should
be downstairs trying to break Miguel and Charity up.
Reese: There it is!
Zookeeper: Men, take aim.
Miguel: We were wrong. I mean, this panther isn't the evil creature we
thought was threatening Harmony. It's a real panther that escaped from the zoo.
Reese: Ok, then why was its first stop Tabitha’s house?
Jessica: Maybe it was hungry and smelled fluffy's food.
Charity: No, Jessica, that's not it. Look, you guys, I don't know what it is,
but something is not right here. And, Miguel, I’m still sensing the same evil
I sensed before -- the evil that wants to destroy us and our love.
Zookeeper: Once the target's in your crosshairs, fire at will.
Timmy: Is princess sure this panther is really Kay?
Tabitha: Oh, of course I'm sure. How many panthers do you think are running
amok in Harmony tonight?
Timmy: Knowing Timmy’s luck --
Tabitha: Kay just simply read the wrong spell in the book of spells. Instead
of using its powers to win Miguel away from Charity, she poofed herself into a
panther. Now, go on, just put the rope around her neck so we can get her back to
the house before anyone sees her.
Timmy: Nice kitty. Here, kitty, kitty. Nice kitty.
Sheridan: This is exactly what I needed. Oh! Where did that come from? I'm
not going to let a little cramp stop me. Ow!
Sheridan: Help me!
Luis: I swore I heard someone call for help.
Sheridan: Somebod-- somebody help me!
Luis: I knew I wasn't imagining things.
Where are you? Answer me!
Where are you? Nothing. I was thinking about Sheridan. I imagined she was
calling out for help, only that's not possible. Sheridan's dead. I'll never hear
her voice again.
Sheridan: Ah! Help!
Conductor: Final call for the mountain line number seven on track b. All
aboard who's going aboard.
David: I could throttle Sam for doing this.
Grace: You know, don't say that. Something must've happened. Sam wouldn't
break a promise to me without a good reason.
David: Oh, I'm sure it is. To him.
Grace: I am not talking about Ivy. Sam would never stand me up for Ivy,
never.
Sam: Grace will understand when I explain why I’m late. I had to make sure
Ethan wouldn't do anything that he'd regret. What exactly, I still don't know.
But Theresa promised she'd keep whatever could set Ethan off under wraps. Grace
must be worried sick I’m going to miss the train. After everything that's
happened with Hastings, the last thing I want to do is upset her. Well, barring
some unforeseen disaster, I should make it to the station before the train pulls
out.
Julian: Go. Do it. Get it over with so we can get on with our lives.
Theresa: Oh, my God. Wait a minute, Julian --
Julian: No, no, shush. Don't think. Do it.
Harper: Horrible. Just horrible.
Julian: Two wives, one little lighter. Much as I'd like to stay and witness
the fruits of my brilliance, it might be wiser to seek cover.
Ethan: Julian, have you seen Theresa?
Julian: Theresa? No. Sorry.
Ethan: She's probably in the cubicle with mother.
Rebecca: Oh, what the --
[Explosion]
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life
[Panther growls]
Reese: Oh, look! The panther got away.
Zookeeper: Hey, it ducked out of sight, that's all! There's no way it can get
off the roof.
Guard: That cat is cornered.
Second guard: We'll find it. And when we do, we'll shoot it.
[Panther growls]
Charity: I'm still having a really bad feeling about that panther.
Miguel: Ok, it's because it's wild and dangerous. But it's not evil.
Simone: You really think so, Miguel?
Miguel: Yes. You know, evil in the guise of a panther wouldn't be trapped on
a rooftop. We were wrong. You know, there's no evil out there to destroy us.
Charity: No, Miguel. We were right. It is evil and it's close. It's very
close.
[Panther growls]
Timmy: Timmy thinks Kay is freaked out seeing him alive again.
Tabitha: Oh, Kay, dear, you're hardly in a position to think Timmy unnatural.
Now, just stop snarling and let us help you. We know you read the wrong spell
for winning Miguel away from Charity.
Timmy: Happens to Timmy all the time. He's turned his princess into a mouse,
a fish, even a mermaid.
Tabitha: So just let Timmy put the rope on you, dear, and we'll take you home
and undo the spell.
Timmy: Kay will be back to her bad self in no time.
[Panther growls]
Tabitha: We'll take that as a yes. Go on, Timmy, reel her in.
[Panther growls]
Timmy: That sounded just like the panthers on animal planet.
Tabitha: Honestly, Timmy. It's one thing to be afraid of fluffy -- she's a
real cat. But this creature is Kay with fur. Now, will you stop being queen of
the jungle and let us get you home?
Timmy: Princess is right. Kay and Timmy are on the same side. Kay wants
Miguel and Timmy wants her to have him so he can have Charity. So just lie down
and Timmy can do his rope trick.
[Panther growls]
Timmy: He said lie down. Good Kay.
Grace: I'm sorry, but could you please hold the train? My husband will be
here any minute and he's Harmony's chief of police. I think he's on official
business.
Conductor: I'm sorry, ma'am. The train's on a schedule. It has to leave now.
Grace: But I know he'll be here soon. I mean, he knows how important this is
to me.
Conductor: I'm sorry. My hands are tied.
Grace: You know, he's just around the corner. I'm going to call him on my
cell phone. Come on.
David: Grace? Grace, Grace, Grace -- hey, there's no use calling Sam. The
train's leaving. He's not going to make it.
Grace: Would you stop saying that?
David: No, Grace, you -- I know it's hard to face the truth, and I wish to
God that I could shield you from it. But the fact is this trip is more important
to you than it is to Sam.
Grace: No, you're wrong.
David: I'm sorry, Grace. The only thing that's important to Sam is Ivy.
Sam: Don't give up, Grace. I'm almost there.
Dispatcher: Attention, all units. There's been an explosion at Harmony
hospital.
Sam: What?
Dispatcher: Repeat -- an explosion at Harmony hospital.
Sam: Dispatch, this is chief Bennett. What the hell happened?
Dispatcher: I'm not sure, sir. All we know is the blast was centered inside
the emergency room.
Sam: Ivy.
Julian: Oh, God! It's a good thing we made it out of the e.R. In time.
Harper: Good God, Julian. Doesn't the fate of the three women in your life
concern you at all?
Julian: Of course it does! I'm not inhuman. But, Harper, in each of their own
ways, those three women forced my hand. But now, fortunately, the troublesome
trio will never tell anyone else that I married Theresa. There's no possibility
of survival.
Eve: Oh, my God. What happened?
Nurse: No one knows, dr. Russell.
Eve: Go get some help!
Gwen: Mother? Mother, where are you? Oh, my God. Mother? Mother? Mother?
Pilar: Oh, God! Theresa? God, mija! Theresa! Theresa.
Ethan: Mother? Oh, my God. Mother, are you all right? What -- what could've
made this happen? Mother? Mother, can you hear me?
Brian: Liz? It's Brian.
Liz: This had better be good. I was sound asleep.
Brian: I can't stop thinking about Diana.
Liz: What else is new, Brian?
Brian: Liz, come on. I'm worried about her. Earlier tonight she said she
thought she remembered more about her past. She said she felt a connection to
that new guest of yours -- you know, the guy from the states that lost the woman
he loved?
Liz: Yeah. And I was connected to my pillow before you came knocking.
Brian: Liz, I’m serious. Look, she was upset when I left her in her room.
She said that things weren't going right with her trying to remember everything
about her old life, and I was just wondering if you could go check on her.
Liz: Why can't you do it yourself?
Brian: Because I might startle her, you know? A guy being in her room in the
middle of the night. And besides, with the state that she's in, she might think
that I’m the guy that she loved and lost.
Luis: Sheridan, why do I have the feeling that you're so close by? That if I
reached out far enough, I could touch you, take you in my arms again? Get over
it, Luis. She's gone.
Sheridan: Help! Somebody help me! Help!
Luis: It's not my imagination this time. Someone's out there calling for
help. Hang on! I'm coming!
Julian: I just realized that for the first time in years, I will be a free
man. My days of having to sneak around in order to fulfill my biological needs
are over. I'm going to travel the world, have a woman in every port. No more
marriages, no more encumbrances. My father will see that I've finally done
everything that he's asked, and he'll realize that I deserve to be reinstated as
his heir. Julian crane will be back on top in more ways than one. What do you
say we go get a cocktail and celebrate?
Harper: I think Alistair would prefer that you return to the scene of your
crime. Show your face, express your grief, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Julian: Yes, quite right. Just another burden of being a crane, I suppose --
keeping up appearances for the masses. Well, if it must be, it must be.
Julian: Huh? Oh, dear God --
Eve: It's pure oxygen. That could've started the explosion. But what ignited
it?
Gwen: Dr. Russell!
Rebecca: Oh -- Gwen?
Gwen: Yes. Thank God you're alive.
Rebecca: Of course I am. What happened? Oh, no. Did the maid quit again?
Gwen: No. No, honey, we're at the hospital. There was an explosion. Don't you
remember?
Rebecca: Explosion? Oh, I remember now. It was all that tramp Theresa’s
fault.
Pilar: My baby. Somebody, please help my baby! Please.
Theresa: Mama?
Pilar: Theresa? Oh, thank God you're ok. Be careful, mija, please.
Theresa: What happened?
Pilar: I don't know. There was an explosion, but I don't know what caused it.
Careful, mija. Careful.
Theresa: An explosion? I remember.
Pilar: Are you ok?
Theresa: Well, yeah, I think so. Yeah.
Pilar: Thank God. Careful.
Sam: Eve, what happened?
Eve: I'm not sure, Sam, but the oxygen in Ivy's cubicle -- it must have
exploded.
Sam: Ivy? Is she going to be all right?
Ethan: Dr. Russell! Someone, over here! Help!
Sam: Ethan, how is she?
Ethan: She's still unconscious, but she's breathing.
Sam: Come on. Help me get this gurney up here. Come on, let's get Ivy on it.
Ethan: All right.
Sam: Careful. Ready? One --
Sam and Ethan: Two, three.
Ethan: How badly is she hurt?
Sam: Eve, will she make it?
Eve: She doesn't seem to be any worse than she was before the explosion. It's
a wonder she wasn't killed. And you, too, young man. I'm going to go see if
there's anybody else who needs me, and I'll examine Ivy more thoroughly later.
And you get that cut taken care of.
Sam: You sure you're ok, son?
Ethan: Yeah, I mean, I'm fine. I mean, what caused the explosion?
Sam: Well, eve thinks that the oxygen your mother was on could have ignited.
What could have caused it, I don't know. But I'm not leaving here until I know
exactly what happened.
Charity: I'm telling you, there is something strange about that panther.
Miguel: Strange how?
Charity: I'm not sure, but there's more to it than we know.
Reese: The panther's still up there, and it's on the prowl.
Zookeeper: Now's our chance, men. Shoot it.
Tabitha: Pull, Timmy! Pull!
Timmy: Timmy's pulling as hard as he can, but Kay won't budge.
[Panther growls]
Tabitha: Oh, stop your caterwauling and cooperate. You don't want Miguel to
see you like this, do you? If he does, he'll know that you're the embodiment of
evil, and that's a total turnoff for guys like Miguel.
[Panther growls]
Timmy: Kay needs to learn some respect for Timmy’s princess, and Timmy’s
just the one to teach her!
Man: Attention, citizens of Harmony -- a vicious panther escaped the zoo.
Clear the streets. Stay inside until authorities snag the beast, or risk being
eaten alive.
[Panther roars]
Timmy: Uh-oh! Wrong panther!
Tabitha: &quot;Uh-oh&quot; is right. Run, Timmy! Run! Run! Out! Out!
Grace: Sam wouldn't go back on his promise to meet me here unless something
terrible happened. Maybe he's in danger, or he's hurt. Or maybe --
David: Grace, Grace, stop torturing yourself, ok? I almost wish for your sake
that he was in danger, but I'm sure he's fine. Now, look, there's not much use
waiting around here.
Grace: I can't leave now. If Sam shows up, he'll be frantic that I’m gone.
David: For crying out loud. He stands you up, breaks your heart, and you're
still worrying about how he is?
Grace: I can't help it. I love him.
David: He doesn't deserve you or your love. There's nothing and no one in the
world that would have kept me from you tonight.
Grace: What are you doing?
David: I'm getting your luggage, and I'm going to take you to the hospital
and prove to you that Sam would rather be with Ivy than take a romantic trip
with you.
Grace: Well, you know what? I'm going to prove that you're wrong because I'm
going to show you that he's on his way here right now.
[Cell phone rings]
Grace: He's not answering.
David: Sam is obviously so wrapped up with Ivy that he didn't even notice you
calling him.
Grace: No. You know what? You're wrong, and I'm going to show you because I'm
going to go to the hospital right now. Sam loves me. He's not with Ivy. You'll
see.
Sam: Malloy, I'm glad you're here. I want you to question people about the
explosion.
Ofc. Malloy: Right, chief. Any leads so far?
Sam: Well, it's possible the oxygen in Mrs. Crane's cubicle could have
ignited, which caused the explosion, but I want you to find out what happened.
Did someone light a match and set it off accidentally, or was it done
deliberately?
Gwen: Eve, have a look at my mother. She was in Ivy's cubicle when the
explosion happened.
Rebecca: Oh, my nerves are frayed. My clothes are ruined, and it's all her
fault.
Eve: Who, Rebecca?
Rebecca: Theresa, of course. She's to blame for all this.
Gwen: Ok, that's harsh even for you, mother.
Eve: I agree with Gwen. I think whatever sense that you had must have gotten
knocked out of you during the blast.
Rebecca: Well, you're as rude as your daughter Whitney.
Eve: Get on the gurney, Rebecca. Or you could still suffer a serious injury.
Take her to observation.
Rebecca: You know, this is all Theresa’s fault. She'd better be dead from
this explosion. If not, I'm going to kill her myself!
Ethan: Theresa. Oh, thank God you're ok. I was on my way into mother's
cubicle to see you, and then all hell broke loose. I thought I lost you.
Theresa: No, you haven't lost me.
Pilar: At least not yet. I'm going to see if eve needs any help.
Theresa: Ok.
Ethan: Are you sure you're ok?
Theresa: Yeah. Oh, what about you? There's a cut on your forehead.
Ethan: I'm fine. I would've died if I’d lost you and mother.
Theresa: Oh, Ivy. Just open your hand and let me have the fax. I don't want
to hurt you, but I will do anything to keep Ethan from finding out that I
married Julian. Now, will you please just let me have the copy of the marriage
license?
Ethan: Theresa, what's wrong? You're trembling.
Julian: Tragedy. Theresa, Rebecca, Ivy, all in their prime -- or just past it
-- gone. I never knew that life-giving oxygen could be so deadly.
Sam: Wait a minute. What makes you think Ivy, Rebecca, and Theresa are dead?
And what makes you think oxygen caused the explosion?
Singer: You are my passion for life
Brian: Hey, how is she?
Liz: I don't know. Diana is not in her room.
Brian: I should have known that she was too upset to sleep. Where could she
be?
Liz: You saw her at the beach earlier. Maybe she went back -- take a
late-night swim, clear her head.
Brian: Well, I hope not because it's a little late for her to be out swimming
by herself. And besides, the undertow out there is just -- it's crazy, you know?
Liz: You're right. If she got caught, she might not be able to fight it.
Brian: Diana could drown. Come on.
Sheridan: My stomach! The cramps are getting worse! Oh, somebody help me!
Luis: Hang on! I'm coming!
Luis: There she is. No!
Ethan: Theresa, you're still trembling. I want you to see dr. Russell right
now.
Theresa: Oh, no, no. I'm fine. I'm upset about -- about your mother. You
know, I want to go see if I can do anything to help.
Ethan: All right. It means so much to me that you and mother are on good
terms again.
Ivy: Oh! I want Ethan up here -- oh!
[Ivy screams]
Ivy: Stop it, Theresa! Stop!
Theresa: Your mother knew I would do anything to make you happy.
Ethan: And you do, Theresa. Promise me you'll never leave me because I don't
know what I'd do without you.
Theresa: I promise, Ethan, I will never leave you. Never. I mean, you're
mine. Nothing will ever separate us. I won't let it.
Theresa's voice: I can't let Ivy show the fax of my marriage license to
Julian to Ethan. If Ethan sees it, he will never marry me. He'll kill Julian,
and my life will be over.
Sam: I'm waiting for an answer, Julian. What makes you think oxygen caused
the explosion?
Julian: I overheard one of the nurses saying --
Sam: Yeah, whatever. But your tears, real or not, are premature.
Julian: Wait a minute. The explosion was so strong; it had to have killed --
oh, my God, Rebecca. Oh! Oh, you're alive.
Rebecca: Yes, you bet I am. And so is Theresa, not for long.
Sam: Is Rebecca still angry at Theresa because she thinks she stole Ethan
from Gwen? Or is it something else?
Rebecca: Oh, no, Julian, please. Please, I know that you are capable of just
about every amoral, unspeakable act, but please tell me you're not.
Julian: I'm afraid so, dear. When I was in Bermuda, I married Theresa.
Rebecca: Oh, you filthy dog!
Julian: Rebecca, please, no! I -- I have no idea why Rebecca has it in for
Theresa.
Sam: I'm going to go find out.
Julian: But before you go, am I to glean that no one was killed in this
incident? Not even Ivy?
Sam: No one's dead, Julian. Ivy, Rebecca, and Theresa were all very lucky.
Julian: Bloody hell! I thought I was free man. Now I'm going to have to marry
that untamed shrew Rebecca after all. She knows I had my sister killed and that
I married Theresa in Bermuda. Damn it, how many lives do these women have?
Harper: More to the point -- how many lives do you have left? That lighter
you gave Theresa to force open Ivy's hand so that she could snatch the copy of
your marriage license has your initials engraved on it. We'd better find it
before chief Bennett does, or you're done for.
Julian: You're right. I wonder where that blasted lighter is.
Tabitha: Oh -- oh, thank Hades. A crowd. We should be safe from snagglepuss
here.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't see the panther anymore. Maybe he went back to the zoo.
Tabitha: Oh, forget that snarling beast. We've got to find Kay and turn her
human before anyone's any the wiser.
Timmy: In a minute, princess. Timmy wants to see what everyone's looking at.
Tabitha: Yes. Yes, I’m curious about that, too. Go into doll mode. I'll
suss out the situation. Simone, dear, what's going on?
Simone: The panther that escaped from the zoo -- it's trapped on the roof and
they're about to shoot it.
Tabitha: Oh. Oh, Timmy, this is awful. That's not the real panther under the
gun. It's Kay. We've got to get her off the roof before someone shoots her. Oh,
without Kay to lure Miguel away from Charity, we'll be all but extinct.
[Panther growls]
Charity: Miguel, why do I still sense evil nearby? I think it involves the
panther.
Miguel: Hey, it's a tense situation. Everyone's on edge. You know, this
panther may be threatening, but it's not evil.
Charity: Oh, my God. I know what it is about that panther.
Zookeeper: Fire, men! Shoot it!
Tabitha: I wonder if Kay was hit.
Julian: Those three women have lived to complicate my life for another day.
What am I going to do?
Harper: I'd say 20 to life if we don't find that lighter.
Julian: Whew.
Julian: There's what would have been exhibit A. It's a good thing lady luck
is still shining on me. If the police had found this, learned that I gave it to
Theresa and told her to light it in Ivy's cubicle, I’d have been arrested on
the spot.
Theresa: Ivy, I love Ethan, and Ethan loves me. Can't you let us be happy?
Open your hand and let me have the copy of my marriage license to Julian so I
can destroy it. And once I sign the annulment papers and marry Ethan, I promise
I will never lie about anything ever again.
Sam: Theresa?
Theresa: Yes, chief Bennett?
Sam: You were with Ivy when the explosion happened. Any idea what caused it?
Theresa: I really couldn't say. If you'll excuse me, I have to check on
Ethan.
David: Good lord.
Grace: Excuse me, what happened?
Nurse: There was an explosion.
Grace: My husband, chief Bennett -- was he here?
Nurse: He's in that cubicle with one of the victims.
Grace: Ok, thank you. Well, this is why Sam didn't make it to the station.
Not because he was with Ivy..
[Tabitha groans]
Timmy: They shot Kay dead!
Tabitha: I pity the poor taxidermist who had to stuff and mount her. Kay died
a half-human, half-panther freak.
Timmy: And heavy to boot.
Tabitha: I'm trying. Hurry, Timmy. We have to free ourselves so we can get
Kay out of here before the others find out.
Reese: Ugh -- the panther fell off the roof.
Zookeeper: Come on, men. Let's make sure we got it.
Charity: Wait, wait, Miguel. I don't think that was the panther that escaped
from the zoo.
Gwen: Mother, don't you think it's a little soon for you to be up and walking
around?
Rebecca: Well, I'll rest later. First I have to deal with this terrible news
that Julian gave me. That's why I got caught in the explosion. I had gone into
Ivy's cubicle to talk to that little gold digger Theresa.
Gwen: Wait, wait, slow down. What terrible news did Julian give you?
Rebecca: My husband-to-be told me that he and Theresa were married.
Theresa: I still can't get the copy of my marriage license to Julian out of
Ivy's hand. Ethan is bound to know the truth, and when he does, mama, he will
never forgive me and I'll lose the only man I’ve ever loved.
Ethan: Theresa, what's wrong? Did something happen that you're not telling
me?
Ofc. Malloy: Can I see what you just picked up, Mr. Crane? Chief Bennett will
want to know.
David: I'm sorry, Grace.
Brian: Diana, are you out there?
Liz: It's so dark, I can't see a thing.
Brian: Come on, let's try further down. Wait a second. This is her sarong,
isn't it?
Liz: Yeah.
Brian: She must have gone swimming.
Liz: Where the water's the most dangerous.
Brian: She could drown, Liz.
Luis' voice: I have to find the woman who called for help.














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



















 Monday 11/12/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Monday 11/12/01






Proofread by Anita
Gwen: What did you just say?
Rebecca: I said that Julian and Theresa are married. That's why I was in
Ivy's cubicle. I went in there to confront the little claim-jumper, and the
place exploded before I ever had a chance.
Gwen: It can't be. It just -- it cannot be.
Rebecca: Yeah, well, wake up and smell the sangria, Gwennie. Theresa got
Julian drunk, and she took advantage of his missing me.
Gwen: Now, mother, I hate Theresa more than anyone in the world. I think
she's a liar and a manipulator. But do you honestly think that she took
advantage of Julian?
Rebecca: That's what he told me. And that's why he couldn't marry me because
Theresa had tricked him into marrying her.
Ethan: Hey, Theresa, what's going on? Did something happen that you're not
telling me?
Theresa: I still can't get the copy of my marriage license to Julian out of
Ivy's hand. Ethan is bound to know the truth, and when he does, Mama, he will
never forgive me and I'll lose the only man I’ve ever loved.
Ethan: You know you can tell me anything, don't you?
Theresa: Anything? And you'll still love me?
Ethan: Yes, of course I will. I will always love you, Theresa. Always.
Officer Malloy: Mr. Crane, you just picked up something from what could be a
crime scene. I need to see what it is. Chief Bennett will want to see it, too.
Theresa: Well, I can't get that fax out of her hand.
Julian: Not to worry. I will show you how to get the fax without her knowing
it.
Theresa: How?
Julian: Simple. Use this.
Theresa: What? What are you saying? Burn the fax while she's still holding it
in her hand? No, no, no, no. I could never do that!
Julian: I would never ask you to do that. All you need do is just flick on
the lighter and just hold it close to her hand. She'll feel the heat, let go of
the fax. You grab it, burn it, run off with Ethan, and all our problems are
solved.
Sam: What did you say?
Ivy: Fax. Fax --
David: I told you, Grace. Sam's here for only one reason -- Ivy.
Sam: Grace. Grace --
Grace: Sam, what were you doing? Why were you holding Ivy?
Sam: It's not what you think.
David: Well, then what was it, Chief Bennett? What were you doing with Ivy
just now?
Miguel: I don't understand.
Charity: Look, I don't think that that panther that the guards shot escaped
from the zoo. I think it was something else.
Miguel: Something else? Like what?
Charity: I'm not sure. Miguel, I think it was part animal and I think it was
part human.
Miguel: Part human? Charity, that doesn't make any sense.
Charity: All I know is the evil that I sensed is close by. And it's
threatening not only our happiness but our lives, too.
[Timmy and Tabitha groan]
Timmy: Timmy's afraid. Kay's on top of Timmy and Tabby, and she's dead!
Tabitha: And we'll be next if we don't get out from under her and drag her
carcass home.
Timmy: Timmy's trying, but Kay’s a big cat!
Tabitha: Well, try harder! We can't let Ross and the others see Kay like
this. If they do, they'll know that she's the evil Charity was talking about.
And since she was spotted coming down from our attic, they'll find the book of
spells that turned her into a panther. And then Johnny Cochran himself wouldn't
be able to convince them that we weren't responsible. And you know what that
means don't you, Timmy? Eh? Come on, lift it.
Timmy: No!
Reese: I think the panther fell off the roof back here.
Tabitha: Hurry up! We've got to escape, or we'll be extinct on the spot.
Zookeeper: Whoa!
Reese: The panther. I think it's over there.
Tabitha: Lift, lift!
[Timmy groans]
Tabitha: Oh, dear.
Sheridan: It's you!
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life…
Sam: This is none of your business, Hastings, so butt out.
David: It is my business if you're hurting Grace. And, damn it, you are. She
sacrificed the chance to learn more about her past over dinner with me so that
she could go on this trip with you. And you stood her up to be with your first
love, Ivy.
Sam: Yeah, Hastings, about that dinner -- why did you suddenly show up with a
tempting invitation just when Grace and I are getting ready to leave on our
trip? How do you explain such perfect timing? Are you sure about this getaway? I
know how hard it is for you to leave the kids. And with this David situation --
Grace: Hey, you know what? The kids will be just fine. As far as David goes,
he will be here when we get back. Hey, I just think the important thing is that
you and I spend some time alone together after everything that's happened with
David and Ivy. I'm not going to let anything stop us from going on this trip.
David: Don't try and change the subject, Sam. Just tell Grace why you pulled
a no-show at the station. Admit it was because of Ivy.
Sam: Listen, back off, or you won't make your big photo shoot assignment
because you'll be behind bars.
Ivy: Julian, Theresa -- married. Ethan, don't. You can’t. You can't marry
Theresa.
Gwen: Ok, Julian and Theresa, married? Are you sure this isn't your
concussion talking?
Rebecca: I have never been more lucid. All our suspicions were real. And why
would Julian lie to me? He knew I had a gun.
Gwen: This means Ethan can't marry Theresa.
Rebecca: Not without committing bigamy.
Gwen: And he's going to be furious with her for lying to him once again, and
this time he's never going to forgive her and he's going to be mine again.
Rebecca: Yes! And Julian is going to be mine as soon as he gets his marriage
to that little tramp annulled.
Gwen: This is too good to be true.
Rebecca: Oh, but it is. I told you to listen to me. Mama knows best, and now
all of our dreams are going to come true.
Ethan: Just talk to me. Theresa, you know you can tell me anything.
Theresa: And you'll still love me, no matter what?
Ethan: Yes, of course I will. Well, unless it's a deep, dark secret that
you've been keeping from me. Remember that promise I made to Mother.
Theresa: I remember.
Ethan: I said if I ever found out that you were keeping something from me,
I’d break off our engagement. But listen, I wouldn't have made that promise if I
weren't so sure of your honesty and integrity.
Ethan: Look, Theresa, I love you so much because I know that I can trust you
to be honest with me completely. And I'll always treasure that.
Rebecca: I think it's time we brought the little tramp down, don't you?
Gwen: Down and out of Ethan’s life for good.
Julian: Flatfoot, be gone. I assure you that what I picked up is not related
to any sort of crime.
Officer Malloy: Sorry, sir, but I’ll be the judge of that.
Julian: Oh, police brutality! You're my witness, Harper. Ow!
Officer Malloy: Well, what do you know -- an explosion probably caused by a
flame igniting oxygen rocks the E.R., and here you are trying to pocket a
lighter. Now I know Chief Bennett will want to see this and you, Mr. Crane.
Charity: I still feel the evil, Miguel.
[Panther growls]
Simone: No, no!
Charity: Miguel!
Charity: We're the target, Miguel. The evil wants us.
[Timmy and Tabitha groan]
Tabitha: Oh, that wretched Ross is closing in. Hurry, Timmy. Hurry!
Timmy: Timmy's trying, but Kay’s all dead weight. Ow!
Zookeeper: You're sure you saw the panther fall off the roof?
Reese: I'm positive. It should have landed right back here.
Simone: Oh, my God! Oh, my God.
Sheridan: It's you! I finally found you.
Sheridan: Oh, I thought you were dead. Where have you been? How did you find
me? No! Where are you going? Don't leave me! Please, don't leave me! Don't go.
Don't leave me.
Brian: I'm not going anywhere, Diana. I'm taking you back to shore. I'm not
going to let you die.
Liz: Doc, its Liz. Listen, Diana went swimming and apparently got caught in
an undertow. Brian's bringing her to shore now, but I don't know what kind of
shape either one of them is going to be in.
Doc: Have Brian get Diana to her room if he's able. I'll be set up and ready.
Liz: Right. Please, God, let them be all right.
Luis: He must have seen her, too. I'd better him. This current is strong.
[Panther growls]
Reese: Nice kitty. Don't move or we're dinner.
Zookeeper: The kid's right. Everybody freeze.
[Timmy and Tabitha groan]
Tabitha: Oh. Oh, thank Hades we're free.
Timmy: What happened to Reese? Timmy thought he saw Timmy and Tabby.
Tabitha: Yeah, so did I. But Ross must have been sidetracked by something.
Well, maybe it'll give us enough time to drag Kay back to our attic.
Timmy: How, princess?
Tabitha: Well, we can't exactly call a taxi. I mean, the driver would wonder
what we're doing transporting a half-human, half-panther carcass. We'll just
have to drag her home, Timmy. Come on. Here, help me. We have to pull her.
Timmy: Pull?
Tabitha: You get that end. You get that. Pull, Timmy -- push, I mean. Push.
Miguel: Charity, why do you think that this panther isn't really a panther?
Charity: It's getting away! We can't let it.
Miguel: What, Charity? What's getting away?
Charity: The evil. It's trying to escape. We have to stop it.
David: Why not tell Grace what kept you, Sam? What was more important than
keeping your promise to go away with the woman you claim to love more than
anything?
Grace: David, please.
Sam: I told you it's none of your business, and I don't owe you any
explanations.
David: And what about Grace?
Sam: Back off, or I swear I’ll cuff you.
David: Try it.
Grace: Sam. Come on, this just isn't getting us anywhere.
David: Make him explain.
Sam: I told you to shut your mouth!
Grace: Sam! Now, listen, I tried to call you on your cell phone, and I didn't
get an answer. Was that because of the explosion? Is that why you didn't make it
to the train?
Sam: Yes. I was on my way when dispatch called and said there was an
explosion in the E.R. In my rush to get here, I left my cell phone in the squad
car. Grace, you know I love you more than anything. But I'm a cop. It's my job.
I had to come back.
Grace: Sam, I knew that there had to be a good explanation. Ok? So, what
caused the explosion?
Sam: I'm not sure. It could have been a spark that set off Ivy's oxygen.
That's why I was leaning over her. She was trying to tell me something. I
thought she might know what happened. Grace, I’m really sorry I missed our trip.
Grace: Hey, our trip? We can go another time, huh?
Julian: I will not have you trying to score points with Sam Bennett at my
expense. I saw that lighter on the floor, picked it up so no one would step on
it. End of story.
Officer Malloy: Is it, Mr. Crane? This could have caused the explosion. And
what do you know? The initials on the lighter are &quot;J.C.,&quot; As in Julian Crane.
Gwen: So when do we drop the bomb about Julian and Theresa being married?
Rebecca: No time like the present.
Rebecca: Theresa, how are you? Oh, not hurt in the explosion, I see.
Theresa: No, I'm all right. Are you ok?
Rebecca: Oh, me? I am amazingly resilient. But then, you were a lot closer to
the blast. I guess you're not as fragile as we all thought.
Gwen: No, not fragile at all.
Rebecca: Oh, and, Ethan, that was a really charming speech about Theresa’s
honesty and integrity.
Ethan: What would you know about either, Rebecca?
Gwen: Ethan, that's not nice.
Ethan: Well, I'm sorry, Gwen, but I've had it with your mother making snide
remarks about Theresa.
Rebecca: Well, if they're true, they're not snide, are they?
Ethan: What's that supposed to mean?
Rebecca: Well, I know a lot about honesty, and I have something to tell you
that is guaranteed to rock your world.
[Panther growls]
Reese: Tranquilizer darts. That's what he meant by &quot;bring the panther down.&quot;
You weren't really going to kill it.
Zookeeper: Well, I can't have a zoo full of dead animals. Funny thing is,
there's only one dart.
Guard: Only one? I could have sworn we scored a direct hit on the first one.
Second guard: I'm sure I did.
Zookeeper: Well, then, I wonder what happened to that first dart.
[Tabitha groans]
Tabitha: Come on, Timmy. Push!
Timmy: What's that?
Tabitha: What's what?
Timmy: Underneath Kay’s arm.
Tabitha: Oh. That's a tranquilizer dart.
Timmy: So Kay’s not dead?
Tabitha: No, no, she's just drugged. And she's becoming more human every
minute. We'd better keep her hidden until she completes her transformation.
Timmy: Timmy's glad Kay’s not dead.
Tabitha: Oh, as am I, lad. She's our very best hope to break up Miguel and
Charity before Blondie comes into her full powers. Come on. Come on, Timmy.
Push, push. Harder. Come on, use all your strength.
Miguel: Is the panther dead?
Reese: No, just tranquilized. They were shooting drug darts.
Simone: But we're all safe now.
Jessica: But, Miguel, you should have seen it. It was, like, growling and
snarling.
Simone: We thought for sure we were going to be dinner.
Jessica: Yeah.
Miguel: Charity, look. The panther's helpless. There's nothing to be afraid
of anymore.
Charity: No, Miguel. There's another panther. It's evil and it's trying to
get away, and we have to stop it. Miguel, we have to stop it or we're going to
regret it for the rest of our lives.
Ivy: Theresa and Julian -- married.
Ethan: You know, I'm not interested in anything you have to say, Rebecca.
Rebecca: Oh, you'll be interested in this, I promise.
Julian: Unhand me, you oaf! I'll have your badge for this!
Ethan: That sounded like Julian. He better not be trying to do something else
to mother.
Theresa: Ethan, wait!
Gwen: Oh, no, Theresa. It's over. It is all over.
Pilar: Get your hands off my daughter.
Gwen: Ugh! You know, Pilar won't be so quick to help her precious daughter
when she finds out the truth.
Rebecca: I'm sure she already knows the truth. That's why she's defending the
little tramp.
Gwen: Pilar? Oh, why would she help Theresa deceive Ethan?
Rebecca: Oh, please. Pilar is the one that raised Theresa to be the liar that
she is. Forget about her. We have Theresa. And it's just a matter of time until
she is history.
Officer Malloy: Chief Bennett!
Sam: I'd better see what's going on.
Grace: Ok.
David: Grace, I’m just going to tell you this because I care about you, but
don't take everything Sam says as gospel. You know what you saw when you walked
in there. Your eyes weren't lying to you. He was embracing Ivy.
Julian: Give me my lighter! It's private property. Harper, do something!
Harper: As Mr. Crane's attorney, I must insist that you obtain a search
warrant.
Ethan: Julian, what's going on here?
Julian: This Neanderthal stole my private property.
Officer Malloy: This could be evidence in a crime.
Theresa: Oh, my God, no.
Pilar: What is it, mija? What were Rebecca and Gwen talking about? What do
they know that makes them so smug?
Theresa: I don't know, Mama. I mean, Ivy still has a copy of my marriage
license to Julian, so it couldn't be that.
Sam: What's going on, Malloy?
Julian: Well, deputy dawg here saw me pick up my lighter, which I must have
dropped, and all but accused me of starting the explosion.
Officer Malloy: It was on the floor near the site of the explosion. I thought
it could be evidence.
Sam: Yes, it could. Hmm. One flick of this could've ignited the oxygen Ivy
was on.
Julian: I was nowhere near Ivy's cubicle when the blast occurred.
Nurse: That's right, Chief Bennett. I saw these two gentlemen in a corridor
right before the explosion.
Sam: Then how do you explain your lighter being at the scene, Julian? &quot;J.C.&quot;
-- This is your lighter, isn't it?
Julian: I have no idea how it got there.
Sam: Ok, then who could have used this near Ivy's oxygen?
Rebecca: I know who flicked that lighter. Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald. She tried
to kill Ivy, and she almost killed me to boot.
Luis: Liz, wait! Liz.
Liz: My goodness, I didn't know you were out there, too.
Luis: I went swimming. I heard a woman calling for help.
Liz: It's Diana. Brian rescued her, but she didn't look good. Are you ok?
Luis: Yeah. It just reminded me of what happened to my fiancée. I heard her
calling out my name. I just couldn't get to her in time. She was too far away.
Liz: I'm sorry.
Luis: I'm just glad this Brian guy saved Diana. Well, how is she? How are
they doing?
Liz: Well, he's taking her to a local doctor, but when he carried her to the
hotel, she was barely breathing. I'm not sure anybody can save Diana now.
Charity: You have to believe me, Miguel. The evil is trying to escape. We
cannot let it get away.
Reese: Hey, guys, check this out. Look at this. It looks as if an adult and a
small child were dragging something very heavy. The other panther! And I'll bet
you that adult is Tabitha and the small child is really her doll.
Miguel: Hey, hold on, Reese. Why would Tabitha try to save an animal that
could kill her?
Reese: I told you.
Reese and Jessica: She's a witch.
Jessica: Yeah, so you say.
Charity: Look -- no, Reese is right about one thing. There is another panther
or something that looks like one. It's the evil that's trying to kill us. We
have to find it and we have to find it right now!
Timmy: Timmy's too tired to carry anymore.
Tabitha: Oh, come on. Get up if you value your unnatural life. If we're found
with Kay in this condition, we'll both be burned at the stake. Now, come on,
Timmy. Up, up! One, two, three.
Tabitha: Now all we have to do is get Kay upstairs and into bed. Once that
tranquilizer wears off, she'll be back to her hateful normal self.
Timmy: But how are Timmy and Tabby going to get Kay upstairs?
Tabitha: Well, we can't very well beam her up there, Timmy. Come on.
Timmy: Not again.
Reese: What'd I tell you? The tracks lead straight to Tabitha’s house.
Tabitha: Oh, damn! It's that busybody Ross and those bloody kids!
Timmy: What are Timmy and Tabby going to do?
Miguel: You think this is where the evil ran to?
Charity: Yes.
Reese: Look, these tracks prove it. Tabitha and her little demon doll dragged
it here.
Charity: Now, look, I sense the evil here, but I don't know that it has to do
with Tabitha.
Reese: Of course it does. She's a witch.
Simone: Gosh, Reese, we are so tired of hearing you say that.
Miguel: Really.
Reese: Fine. We'll go inside and I'll prove it.
Tabitha: You hear that, lad? They're coming in!
Timmy: But Kay still has a tail! Tabby has to stop them.
Tabitha: I know that, lad. But the question is, how?
Rebecca: Have you lost your mind? I didn't start this explosion.
Ethan: You know, I wonder. You certainly have motive to kill mother.
Rebecca: What?
Ethan: You wanted her out of the way so she couldn't contest Julian’s
divorce.
Rebecca: That's insane!
Gwen: Yes, Ethan. How dare you say such things about my mother?
Rebecca: Yes, especially when Theresa had a much stronger motive.
Sam: Everyone just hold on a minute. I didn't say Rebecca caused the
explosion deliberately. The smallest spark was enough to ignite Ivy's oxygen
supply. I mean, look at all of your metal accessories. I mean, jiggled enough,
any one of these metallic surfaces could've rubbed up against each other,
accidentally causing a spark, which is what ignited the oxygen.
Rebecca: Oh, my. I was walking into Ivy's cubicle just seconds before the
blast.
Sam: Ethan was right. It would've been suicidal for Theresa to light Julian’s
lighter so close to Ivy. Rebecca, if I were you, I'd find a new designer. That
getup almost got you killed.
Rebecca: Oh, my goodness. I never would have thought that one of my drop-dead
gorgeous outfits might actually cause me to drop dead.
Sam: I'm sure you didn’t. Anyway, as far as I'm concerned, that's what
happened. Case closed. Malloy, do a write-up. I have to go to find Grace.
Officer Malloy: Yes, sir.
Rebecca: Hey, wait a minute! My outfit didn't cause this explosion.
Ethan: Rebecca, give it up. I don't believe a word you say.
Ivy: Well, then maybe you'll believe a word I say, Ethan.
Julian: That's it. I'm a dead man.
Theresa: It's over, Mama. It's all over.
Grace: David, if you're going to just put Sam down, we can end this
conversation right now.
David: Hey, I’m not trying to put Sam down. All I'm saying is that if I were
in Sam’s shoes, none of this would've happened tonight.
Grace: Oh, wait a minute. How is that?
David: Because I wouldn't have gone back to the hospital when I knew you were
waiting at the train counting on me to show up.
Grace: You saw what happened here. Sam had to come back.
David: Well, is Sam the only cop in Harmony? Why didn't he get one of the
officers to handle it?
Grace: Because he was worried about Ethan. I mean, that's why he came here in
the first place.
David: Ok, maybe he came back to check on Ethan. But something tells me
there's more to it than that. Maybe he never got Ethan’s mother out of his
system. Maybe he came back to see Ivy.
Sam: Just what in the hell are you trying to do?
Grace: Sam --
Sam: Answer me, Hastings. What game are you playing? Because it sounds to me
like you're trying to drive a wedge between Grace and me, plant seeds of doubt
of my love for her.
David: I'm merely stating the facts. You left Grace at the station so that
you could be with your first love and the child that love produced, rather than
have one of your officers handle it.
Sam: Grace, does this sound like a man who loves you, only wants to make you
happy?
David: Let me ask you another question, Sam. When you heard about the
explosion at the hospital, who were you more concerned about, Ethan or Ivy?
Dispatcher: Attention all units. There's been an explosion at Harmony
hospital.
Sam: What?
Dispatcher: Repeat -- an explosion at Harmony hospital.
Sam: Dispatch, this is Chief Bennett. What the hell happened?
Dispatcher: We're not sure, sir. All we know is the blast was cantered in the
emergency room.
Sam: Ivy.
Grace: You don't have to answer that question, Sam. I can tell by the
expression on your face. I know who you were thinking about when you heard about
the explosion.
Tabitha: Oh, my lost lambs. I'm so relieved to see you. I was worried sick
when I heard a vicious panther had escaped from the zoo.
Reese: Yes, speaking of panthers, Tabitha, where is it?
Tabitha: What? I beg your pardon?
Reese: Cut the innocent act. We know you and your little doll dragged a
second panther back here -- the one that was hit with a tranquilizer dart.
Tabitha: Miguel, what is Ross babbling about?
Miguel: I'm sorry; Tabitha, but we did follow some really strange tracks back
here.
Simone: Charity says that the second panther wasn't real, that it's something
evil.
Tabitha: Evil?
Reese: Yeah, Tabitha. So where is it? Where's the evil?
Tabitha: Don't you think that you kids are letting your imagination run a bit
wild? Timmy and I are here alone with Kay. And she's asleep, by the way, so keep
your voices down.
Jessica: Wait -- Kay’s asleep?
Tabitha: Yes, in there on the couch.
Jessica: Oh, well, that figures. You know -- ok, we're outside and we're
trying to destroy evil, and she just comes downstairs and decides that she's
going to catch some Zs? Kay! Kay, wake up.
Reese: Shh. Come on, jess. Let her sleep. She's probably traumatized after
being stuck upstairs with that panther. She's such a delicate little flower.
Timmy: Oy.
Tabitha: Well, it's getting late. I'm sure you must be exhausted after
chasing all that evil. Go on. Jessica, charity, up to bed you go. And the rest
of you get home safely. Even you, Ross.
Miguel: Just a minute, Tabitha. Charity, do you still sense evil?
Reese: Nah, I don't see anything evil. Except Tabitha.
Jessica: Reese, that's enough.
Simone: Yeah, Reese, hang it up.
Miguel: Charity, you didn't answer the question. Do you still sense evil?
Charity: Oh, my God.
Miguel: What is it?
Charity: Something's not right here. Not right at all.
Doc: Get her on the bed.
Brian: What's wrong with her?
Doc: I can't find a pulse.
Brian: No, doc, you have to do something. She has to live.
Doc: Help me give her C.P.R.
Luis: This woman, Diana -- you say she's barely breathing?
Liz: I'm not sure she's going to make it.
Luis: Well, maybe I can help her. Why don't you take me to her.
Liz: All right. She's in the room right next to yours. Number 6.
Luis: Number 6, ok.
Ethan: Mother, thank God. Oh, we were worried sick. Are you all right?
Ivy: I will be just as soon as I can tell you the truth about Theresa and
Julian.
Ethan: Theresa and Julian? What are you talking about?
Ivy: Rebecca was right. Theresa does have a reason to want to kill me.
Theresa: No, that's not true!
Ivy: Yes, it is! And now I can finally tell you what it is. I'm sorry to
shatter your rose-colored image of Theresa, darling. But she has been lying to
you this whole time, and now it's time you hear the truth.
Ethan: Lying to me? About what?
Ivy: Theresa and Julian were married in Bermuda. Your fiancée is Julian’s
wife.
  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading


















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 4.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Tuesday 11/13/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Tuesday 11/13/01 Canada
Wednesday 11/14/01 USA
  By Stephanie
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Grace: Sam, you don't have to answer that question. I know who you were
thinking of when you heard about the explosion.
Sam: Grace, please let me explain.
Grace: You don't have to. I know you're thinking about Ivy, and I know why.
David: So do I. It's because you still love her, isn't it, Sam? Admit it.
Admit you love Ivy so that Grace can be free and move on with her life.
Timmy: Huh. Kay weighs a ton. And Timmy hopes that tabby's couch can hold
her.
Tabitha: Hmm-hmm. It's not every night a half-human half-panther cat naps on
my sofa.
[Tabitha chuckles]
Tabitha: And I think I convinced the kids that evil is no longer close at
hand, so we can kick back a bit, Timmy.
Timmy: Good. Timmy will make a pitcher of martimmys and then turn in.
Tabitha: That sounds like a good plan, dollface. What the hell --
Timmy: The scroll!
Tabitha: Oh, the scroll. It must be here to tell us that something evil's
about to happen.
Timmy: Timmy remembers when he found the scroll up here, tabby was arguing
with the dark forces in the basement. And about Luis and Sheridan -- Timmy
couldn't believe it was about their past lives.
Tabitha: Hmm. Yes. It's a good read, if you like misery.
Timmy: Timmy feels bad for all the pain and suffering Luis and Sheridan had.
But tabby's right -- it does make for a great story.
Tabitha: Ah. The scroll has come back because of Luis and Sheridan. They're
headed for more pain, Timmy -- pain, pain, pain, much more pain.
Brian: I won't let her die, doc.
Doc: She'd be a goner without you. That's for sure. You're making a career
out of fishing her from the sea. Five -- breathe.
Brian: I thought she was a goner for sure this time, the current was so
strong. Come on! We got to save her.
Doc: Breathe.
Brian: Breathe, Diana. Come on.
Luis: Another woman almost drowning? See, it was after I lost my fiancée, I
had nightmares about her. I -- I heard her voice calling me, but there was
nothing I could do. I was knocked unconscious. Then later, I couldn't get to her
because of the storm.
Liz: Well, the last thing you need to do is feel guilty about what happened.
You did everything you could to save her -- almost too much from what you've
told me. You almost drowned yourself.
Luis: I'm not feeling guilty. I just don't want the same thing to happen to
this Diana woman that happened to my fiancée.
Ethan: Mother, what are you talking about? How can Julian and Theresa be
married?
Ivy: Because a justice of the peace married them in Bermuda. And as much as
it pains me to say this, Rebecca is right -- Theresa does have a reason to want
to murder me. She found out that I had uncovered their secret, a secret that
both Theresa and Julian were desperate to keep from you, Ethan -- Theresa,
because she knew she would lose you once and for all, and Julian, because he
knew you'd kill him. But the truth is out now. Theresa lied to you, Ethan.
Theresa and Julian are married.
Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss
the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and I would fly on the wings of the
bird I knew could take me highest breathe in, breathe out you keep me alive you
are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life
Sam: What in the hell are you talking about? Me in love with Ivy?
David: Tell Grace the truth.
Sam: I have.
Grace: David, you've got it all wrong. I didn't mean that Sam thought of Ivy
first because he's in love with her. He thought about her first when he heard
about the explosion because he knew that she was in the emergency room.
David: Oh --
Sam: That's right. When I heard about the blast in the e.R., I thought about
Ivy. I didn't even know Ethan was still there.
Grace: Of course. You couldn't have.
David: Of course he could!
Sam: I'm going to say this one last time -- Ivy is paralyzed, she's
unconscious, unable to get away from danger. I thought I might be able to help
her out. I didn't think about Ethan because I assumed he could take care of
himself.
David: Oh, well, if you assumed he could take care of himself, why did you
come running back when Pilar called you? Why did you leave Grace at the train
station and miss the trip?
Sam: I just told you.
David: If Ethan could take care of himself, then there's only one reason you
came back to the hospital, and that's because you love Ivy.
Timmy: More pain for Luis and Sheridan? Isn't what's going on with them on
that island enough?
Tabitha: According to my bosses, there's no such thing as enough pain. Maybe
it's the martimmy, but I sometimes wonder. Anyway, what's done is done and done
well.
Timmy: Timmy remembers when he read the scroll in January, the story that
Luis and Sheridan -- Luis thinking Sheridan was dead --
Tabitha: Hmm.
Timmy: But she's alive.
Tabitha: Yes. But now she's got amnesia, so she doesn't even remember Luis.
Oh! The thought of those two on the same tropical island clueless that they're
so close. Oh, it's heart-wrenching with a capital h. Hmm.
Timmy: Timmy doesn't get it. Tabby, how can Luis and Sheridan experience more
pain if they don't even know they're on the same island?
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy. The events that are going on there now were set in motion
eons ago. Hey, give me a refill and I'll tell you a bedtime story epochs in the
making.
Timmy: Timmy wishes Luis and Sheridan hadn't had so much pain. But the
story's so incredible; Timmy could hear it again and again.
Tabitha: Hmm, hmm! Well, in that case -- &quot;this is an epic saga of two
people who've loved each other throughout the ages, a bittersweet story of a
couple who want nothing more than to be together.&quot;
Timmy: So sweet.
Tabitha: Yes, well, bittersweet, Timmy -- hmm -- terribly, terribly bitter.
&quot;In their attempt to find happiness together, they are destined to
experience only agony and anguish.&quot;
Timmy: Poor Luis and Sheridan.
Tabitha: Indeed, indeed. Now listen to this, Timmy. Listen to this terrible
tale of pain and woe.
Brian: Stay with me, Diana. Hang on.
[Sheridan coughs]
Doc: There. That's better.
Brian: Yes.
Doc: I think she may be out of danger.
Brian: Good. For a moment there, I thought --
Doc: Whew. Didn't take you long to develop feelings for this girl -- strong
feelings.
Brian: Yeah. She's a very special woman, doc. I don't know what I would have
done if something -- something had happened to her.
Luis: I just have to make sure that this Diana woman's ok.
Liz: No, doc is good. He knows his stuff.
Luis: Yeah, well, still, the thought of another woman drowning? No, this
isn't going to be like what happened to my fiancée. I'm not going to let it.
Ethan: Mother, are -- are you sure you're feeling all right?
Ivy: Yes, well, except for being paralyzed, I feel better than I have in
months.
Ethan: You do realize that your accusations are completely preposterous? And
how can Julian and Theresa be married?
Ivy: Ethan, I told you -- they tied the knot in Bermuda.
Ethan: Look, mother, I think you hit your head harder in the explosion than
we thought.
Ivy: Ethan, listen to me. Theresa and Jul--
Ethan: Excuse me. Nurse, could you please get dr. Russell? My mother needs
some help.
Nurse: Sure.
Ivy: Ethan, will you listen to me? I am not delusional. I have proof.
Rebecca: Did you hear that, Gwen?
Gwen: Proof? Ivy has proof?
Rebecca: But what could it be?
Gwen: This is better than I thought. Theresa is finally going to be blown out
of the water -- torpedoed.
Rebecca: Hmm.
Theresa: When she shows Ethan the fax --
Julian: It's all over save our screams of agony.
Theresa: Ethan will know everything.
Julian: Doomed is what we are -- doomed.
Doc: I'm sorry. We have a sick woman in here.
Luis: I know. I came to see if she was ok, if I could help.
Doc: Well, Diana’s resting comfortably. Her breathing's normal again, her
pulse is strong, but she can't have any visitors for at least several hours. I'm
sorry.
Luis: So she's going to be ok, though?
Doc: With rest, I think she'll be just fine.
Luis: Well, that's good. I'm glad.
Doc: Yeah, and I'm sorry about shoving you out the door, but --
Luis: No, no, no. I understand.
Doc: Just the last thing Diana needs right now is a stranger in her room.
Luis: Right.
Liz: Ok. Now that we know that Diana’s going to be all right, let's get you
fixed up.
Luis: Me?
Liz: Yeah. You never did eat. Come on. I'll fix you my special b.L.T. Plus.
Luis: &quot;Plus&quot;?
Liz: Plus whatever's in the kitchen.
Luis: Well, maybe later. I'm -- I’m --
Liz: Now.
Ivy: Uh -- ow! Ow!
Ethan: Mother --
Ivy: Oh!
Ethan: What is it? What's --
Ivy: It's pain!
Ethan: Well, where's dr. Russell?
Ivy: No, you -- ow! Oh!
Julian: We better get while the getting's good.
Harper: Easy does it, Julian. Tear out of here now and Ethan will realize
what Ivy's saying is true.
Julian: That's a good point. We'll just inch our way to safety.
Ivy: Uh.
Theresa: Mama, what are we going to do?
Pilar: You go to Ethan right now and you tell him everything.
Theresa: What?
Pilar: Yes. Explain to him what happened. You must do it, Theresa.
Theresa: Oh, but he will hate me. Dr. Russell! You have to help me, please.
Eve: With what, Theresa?
Pilar: Can you get Ivy out of here, please?
Eve: Well -- out of here? Why? What's going on?
Theresa: I have to talk to Ethan a.
Pilar: Ivy's about to reveal that Julian and Theresa were married.
Eve: Oh, she's regained consciousness?
Theresa: And she has proof. She has a copy of my marriage license to Julian.
Eve: All right. I'll help you.
Theresa: Oh, thank you, dr. Russell, thank you.
Eve: But all I can do is buy you a little time. You have to tell Ethan the
truth.
Pilar: Eve is right. He has to hear it from you, no one else.
Theresa: He will, mama. I promise.
Ethan: Dr. Russell, my mother's in pain!
Ivy: Oh!
Eve: I think I'm going to examine her in another room away from all the
commotion.
Ivy: No -- no! Oh! No! Et
Ethan: It's ok.
Ivy: No.
Ethan: Theresa, look, I'm sorry for what my mother just said.
Theresa: Oh, Ethan --
Ethan: No, it had to be explosion. I mean, she must have got a concussion and
-- and I guess now she's hallucinating.
Theresa: Can we go someplace alone, honey, where we can talk?
Ethan: What's wrong?
Rebecca: I'll tell you what's wrong with her -- she's scared to death because
she knows what Ivy said is true.
Ethan: Rebecca, why are you always trying to stir up trouble?
Rebecca: And why are you blinded by this two-timing tart?
Ethan: Stop putting down Theresa! Look, you are the liar and the schemer, not
her.
Rebecca: Fine. If you don't want to believe me, how about a man that you
thought was your father for 20 years?
Ethan: What are you getting at?
Rebecca: Julian confessed it all. He told me himself that he and Theresa were
married in Bermuda.
Howling]
Sam: Grace, you were with me when Pilar called. She said that Ethan was here
and that he needed me.
David: What, a grown man needs his daddy? Come on, Sam. You can do better
than that. Ethan's an Ivy league graduate, an attorney at law. What could he --
Sam: I said stay out of this.
David: Ethan looked just fine to me.
Sam: Pilar said that Ethan might try to kill somebody tonight.
Grace: What? What, Ethan?
Sam: That's exactly what I said. But Pilar insisted that if I didn't stay
here with him that I’d have to -- look, and I know this is going to sound
crazy -- that I’d have to arrest him for murder.
Grace: Ethan?
David: Ethan's about as stable and as rational as they come. Why would he
want to murder someone?
Sam: I said butt out.
David: I'll butt out when you stop lying to Grace. At least be man enough to
tell the woman you claim to love what's really going on.
Sam: You know, you're a real jerk. You know that?
David: You love Ivy. That's the only possible explanation for the way you've
behaved.
Sam: I am warning you, Hastings.
David: You know, if you really loved Grace, you would have been there for her
instead of Ivy. So why don't you just admit it, Sam? Be a man. Say it's Ivy you
love and not Grace.
Luis: It's good coffee.
Liz: He said, trying to avoid a conversation.
Luis: About what?
Liz: Look, I know you've been through hell, losing the love of your life. But
it was the way you talked about your fiancée. I was very touched.
Luis: Oh, well. She said that we had been star-crossed lovers throughout
recorded history.
Liz: I don't understand.
Luis: Well, when she was a kid, she had this birthday party. And I'm not sure
how old she was, but there was a fortune-teller who was hired to give readings
to all the kids and to her.
Liz: That sounds like fun.
Luis: No, it wasn’t. You see, this fortune-teller, well, said some pretty
strange things, you know, things that a normal birthday fortune-teller wouldn't
say to a kid.
Liz: Like what?
Luis: That she had been seeking happiness with a man throughout the ages and
that she would never find it.
Liz: Wow. That must have been pretty tough to hear.
Luis: Yeah. You know, I can't even imagine how she must have felt, you know
-- she was only a little girl -- and having to hear such a horrible thing about
the rest of her life.
Timmy: You told that to a little kid? Timmy can't believe it.
Tabitha: Hmm. I was just doing my job, and I did it exceedingly well. The
poor girl was terrified. You should have seen the look on her face.
[Tabitha chuckles]
Timmy: Timmy's ashamed to admit it, but he wishes he had. Z it's like the
&quot;Larry winger show.&quot; Timmy knows he isn't supposed to watch it, but he
can't help it.
Tabitha: Yes. Sheridan and Luis -- star-crossed lovers that have sought each
other out through all their many lifetimes. Sheridan and Luis fell passionately
in love the first moment they laid eyes on each other. Yet time after time over
the eons, their budding relationship was crushed. Take, for example, when their
love bloomed again in ancient Rome.
[Sheridan coughs]
Tabitha: Luis and Sheridan did indeed experience great pain in all those
lives. But it was nothing compared to what was in store for them.
Timmy: What?
Tabitha: They were so close to happiness, so very, very close. But then my
bosses saw what was happening and they made me step in and ruin their chance of
bliss for all eternity.
Ivy: Oh, no, eve. You've got to take me back.
Eve: Just as soon as I look you over and give you some pain medication.
Ivy: No! I have to talk to Ethan. I need to show him the facts.
Eve: No, you're not going to talk to anybody right now.
Ivy: You know. You know! That's why you rushed me out of the room! You're
trying to protect Theresa!
Eve: Yes, and that's exactly what I’m doing.
Ivy: Why, eve? Why?
Eve: Because I don't believe that Theresa plotted or schemed to marry Julian.
Ivy: Oh, well, who cares what you believe? Ah!
Eve: I talked to Theresa. I know that Julian took advantage of her.
Ivy: Oh, please!
Eve: Ivy, we both know what kind of man Julian is.
Ivy: Yes. And that's why he was so susceptible to her doe-eyed innocent act.
No, Theresa went down to Bermuda for one reason and one reason only -- to get
Julian to marry her when her wedding to Ethan went bust.
Eve: How mind-boggling, Ivy, that you could believe that, that you could even
think it. She must really despise poor Theresa.
Ivy: Oh, you and everyone else in this town think that she is as pure as the
driven snow. Well, I know her for what she really is. She destroyed my life when
she scanned my paper into her computer and proof that Sam and I had had a past
and that Ethan was our son. Oh, no. When that truth came out, Ethan’s life was
shattered,
my life was destroyed, and Grace lost her baby. Does no one else ever stop to
think about that, that Theresa is the ultimate cause of Grace losing her baby?
Eve: No, Ivy! I don't blame Theresa for that. I blame you!
You should have told Sam about Ethan years ago.
Ivy: Oh, you're a fine one to talk, eve. As if you have no secrets.
Eve: I am just giving Theresa a chance to tell Ethan the truth. She deserves
a chance to be honest with him.
Ivy: Theresa has never been honest with Ethan and she never will be!
Ethan: Wait a minute -- Julian told you? I mean, he actually said that --
Rebecca: That he and Theresa are married.
Ethan: Julian! Look -- stop. Stop!
Julian: Uh --
Ethan: Come here!
Julian: Uh -- excuse me -- what?
Ethan: Look, is it true? Did you tell Rebecca that you were married to
Theresa?
Julian: Well -- well -- I --
Rebecca: It's true -- all of it. Julian told me that he and Theresa were
married in Bermuda. That's why he couldn't marry me down there. That's why she
was so hesitant to marry you. Oh, she didn't care about coming back to Harmony
to get married with her friends and family. Then, all she cared about was not
going to jail -- for bigamy.
Gwen: Listen to my mother, Ethan. Theresa has been lying to you.
Ethan: Theresa, why would Julian say something like that to Rebecca if it --
if it wasn't true? &nbsp;
Singer: You are my passion for life
Liz: You and your love had so many lives.
Luis: That's what the fortune-teller said.
Liz: But you don't buy it?
Luis: Me? Well, it sounded pretty crazy. Well, my fiancée bought it. And
that's why she believed in love at first sight. You see, she figured that if
people had known each other in previous lives, then when they met again, then
subconsciously they would still have those feelings.
Liz: Pretty romantic.
Luis: Yeah. Yeah, she was. She was everything.
Liz: So, what else did the fortune-teller say?
Luis: Hmm. Said that one time we -- we actually had the chance to be happy
and that in that life if we'd been able to stay together then -- then we would
have been happy for all eternity. But something came between us.
Liz: When did that happen?
Luis: Hmm. It was in the early 20th century. We were passengers on the
titanic.
Timmy: The titanic? Timmy loves this part.
Tabitha: Mm-hmm. Yes, it was terribly painful.
Timmy: Sheridan was an aristocrat?
Tabitha: Booked in first class. And Luis was an Irishman off to seek his
fortune in America.
Timmy: And he was in steerage.
Tabitha: Actually, Sheridan’s name was Susan in that lifetime, and Luis was
named Liam.
Timmy: That reminds Timmy of a movie.
Tabitha: Which they stole from yours truly. As Liam looked through the rails
that divided steerage from the first-class passenger deck, it was love at first
sight. Liam wasn't only handsome. He was resourceful, too. He invited Susan down
to steerage for a party. Perfect love is evil's greatest enemy, Timmy. My orders
were to stop it, and stop it I would.
[Music plays]
Doc: Music should help soothe her.
Brian: She's feeling a little warm. I'm going to go get a cool cloth for her.
Sheridan: Liam.
Eve: For you to even be thinking about revenge, Ivy, is just ridiculous.
Ivy: Please, eve. You have children. Don't you want to protect them?
Eve: Honey, Theresa didn't do anything malicious to Ethan or to you.
Ivy: But if Ethan marries Theresa, he will be miserable for the rest of his
life!
Eve: Ethan is a grown man. He is perfectly capable of taking care of his own
life without your interfering. Now, you are going to stay here until I talk to
Theresa and make sure that she told Ethan everything.
Ivy: No, eve, you have no right to --
Eve: Unless you want me to sedate you?
[Pager beeps]
Eve: Another patient needs me. I'm going to be right back.
Ivy: No, I have to get to Ethan. I have to warn him. I have to have my
revenge on Theresa and Julian and Rebecca. Oh. Excuse me, nurse? Yeah.
Theresa: Ethan --
Ethan: No, wait -- wait a minute. I know what's going on here. Yeah, I know
why Julian told you that he was married to Theresa. He wants to get out of
marrying you.
Rebecca: What?
Ethan: Rebecca, Julian is a weasel, and he probably doesn't want another
wife. He's more interested in playing the field. I mean, that's what he was
doing in Bermuda.
Rebecca: Oh, you can't be serious.
Ethan: No, I was chasing after Julian thinking that he was with Theresa, but
he wasn't!
Rebecca: Listen to me, Ethan. Theresa got Julian drunk and took advantage of
him. She tricked him into marrying her.
Ethan: Theresa got Julian drunk? That's so absurd, it's not even a
possibility.
Rebecca: You're the one who's being absurd by not accepting the truth.
Ethan: Rebecca, the only thing that this man has done with his life is take
advantage of women! And the younger the better! And you're telling me that a
poor girl from Harmony seduced Julian crane, one of the most powerful men in the
world?
Gwen: That's what I thought when you told me about all this.
Rebecca: Well, hearing it from Ethan’s point of view, it does seem
unlikely.
Julian: The boy isn't buying it. Perhaps we'll get out of this unscathed yet.
Theresa: Ethan, please, can we go somewhere alone where we can talk?
Ivy: Get your hands off of my son!
Ethan: Mother --
Ivy: I have proof, Ethan. This proves that Julian and Theresa are husband and
wife.
Rebecca: I never thought I’d be glad to see Ivy.
Ivy: Come here, Ethan, and see for yourself.
Theresa: Oh, honey --
Ethan: Oh, Theresa, look, don't worry. It's just a mistake.
Theresa: It's over, mama. This is the end.
Ethan: This fax -- these signatures -- I recognize them. You're really
married to Julian.
.
Sam: I love Grace more than any man could possibly love a woman. Especially
you, David. And unlike you, I'm totally upfront with Grace.
David: Oh, and how am I not upfront with Grace?
Sam: Constantly trying to undermine my relationship with Grace.
David: Looking out for her is what I’m doing.
Sam: Yeah, right.
Grace: Ok, would you guys just stop, please?
Sam: Yeah, right.
Grace: I just can't stand this fighting anymore. Now, look, Sam, I love you.
I believe you. And I would just like to go back to Tabitha’s now.
Sam: Grace, I would love to back to Tabitha’s with you, but I have to stay
here and read Malloy’s report on the explosion, make sure it's filled out
completely.
Grace: Ok. I'll see you at Tabitha’s later, then.
David: I'll take her home.
Sam: Over my dead body.
Liz: You and your fiancée were passengers on the titanic?
Luis: It sounds crazy, I know. That's what she believed. She believed we'd
been in love several times.
Liz: Crazy? Try utterly and totally romantic. You should write a book. I mean
it, it's perfect. Star-crossed lovers hoping to find each other lifetime after
lifetime.
Luis: Yeah. It's an incredible story. I just wish it had a happy ending.
Liz: Right, considering you've already lost your love in this lifetime.
Luis: Yeah, you're right. I've already lost her.
Tabitha: &quot;Ever after&quot; isn't in the cards for Luis and Sheridan,
just as it wasn't for Liam and Susan. The electricity between them positively
crackled. I could tell how much in love they were; how this would be the time
they'd stay together their whole lives. And you know what that would have meant
-- they'd be together for the rest of the millennium and beyond, every life more
happy than the last. Well, Timmy, the dark side couldn't have that. It just
couldn't. I was ordered to give Liam and Susan another obstacle to overcome. For
a while I was stuck, till I suddenly saw him right in front of me, wearing a
white officer's uniform. All I had to do was come up with a way to give my
bosses what they wanted.
Julian: I believe it's time for me to make tracks.
Harper: Before you're an organ donor here on the spot against your will.
Ethan: Mother, please tell me this fax -- what does it mean?
Ivy: Just what it says, darling.
Ethan: But it can't be real. It can't be true.
Ivy: Ethan,
look at the signatures.
Ethan: Theresa -- tell me this really isn't your signature.
Theresa: Let me explain.
Ethan: Oh, my God, it's true. I can tell by the look in your face. All of
it's true.
Gwen: She's finished.
Rebecca: Adios, Theresa.
Ethan: You lied to me, Theresa. You lied to me again!
Theresa: No, please -- but listen --
Ethan: No, you married Julian! You married him! Julian! And where do you
think you're going?
Julian: Now, don't -- don't do anything you'll regret, Ethan. We're both men
of the world. I'm sure that we can --
Ethan: Julian, damn it, shut up! You're not leaving, not till we settle this.
Grace: Please, Sam, let's just have a little peace here. Look, I'll see you
back at Tabitha’s, ok? I mean, it won't take that long, right?
Sam: I'll be there as soon as I can. I promise.
Grace: Ok. I'll see you soon, then.
Sam: That jerk isn't who he says he is, no, not by a long shot.
Brian: Diana, can you hear me?
Doc: Just let her rest. It's the best thing for her now.
Sheridan: Titanic. Liam.
Brian: What did she just say?
Doc: She said &quot;titanic&quot;? Then &quot;Liam,&quot; I think.
Brian: Well, what do you make of that?
Doc: No idea.
Sheridan: Liam.
Liam.
Liz: I'm sorry. I really didn't mean to hurt your feelings.
Luis: It's all right. Anyway, I wasn't talking about this lifetime. I was
talking about the lifetime that the fortune-teller had told my fiancée about,
the last one we shared, the lifetime that we were supposed to be together
forever. I shouldn't be doing this.
Liz: No, no, no. The best thing you can do is talk it out, you know, don't
keep it bottled up. What else did the fortune-teller say?
Luis: She said that something was going to come between us and that we would
never find happiness.
Liz: But in this lifetime, nothing has come between you.
Luis: No. I mean, there was no one. Nothing could tear us apart. We were
perfect together. I guess the fortune-teller was right. She's gone, my one true
love. We'll never have happiness together.
[Tabitha yawns]
Tabitha: Where was I, lad?
Timmy: The plan.
Tabitha: Oh, yes. Yes, the plan. Well, my bosses insisted that it affect Liam
and Susan from that lifetime into the next and the next and so on and so on
forever. In the end, it was quite simple, really. All I did was cast a little
spell on the smashing-looking officer I saw standing before me, and, voila, evil
come between Sheridan and Luis for the rest of eternity.
Tabitha: Hmm. Amazing, isn't it, Timmy? The spell I cast so many years ago is
still paying dividends for the boys downstairs. Oh, yes, Sheridan and Luis are
still alive, but they've got nothing to look forward to but pain and suffering.
[Tabitha chuckles]
Harper: Ethan, wait. You don't know the whole story.
Ivy: Oh, you know everything you need to know, darling.
Julian: Talk this out, Ethan. We're both civilized men.
Ivy: Theresa betrayed your love, Ethan. She betrayed your trust. She lied to
you. She led you on.
[Ethan yells]
Theresa: Ethan!
Ethan!
Ethan, stop!













  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;



















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 4.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Thursday 11/15/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">



&nbsp;



 &nbsp;


 Thursday 11/15/01-Friday 11/16/01-USA
 by Stephanie
&nbsp;
Hank: Going somewhere?
David: How very astute, Hank. Time for you and your brother Sam to pull out
the noisemakers and the party hats and celebrate my departure.
Hank: Nah, think we'll just pop a couple beers to celebrate never laying eyes
on you again. What made you change your mind?
David: I've been asked to go on an important photo shoot for &quot;newstime.&quot;
After that, I haven't really decided where I'm going to go.
Hank: Well, if you really loved Grace, it wouldn't be back here. You're
forever claiming that all you care about is her happiness.
David: That's because it's true. But I'm not convinced that Sam being with
Grace will make her happy. In fact, I’m sure it will lead to heartbreak and
tears. Sam may care dearly for Grace, but he's in love with another woman, and
that woman's name is Ivy.
Ivy: My son -- our son, Ethan -- he hates me.
Sam: No, he doesn't. Ethan loves you very much.
Ivy: No, not anymore. You saw the way he lashed out at me. Theresa is the one
who lied to him about being married to Julian, but he blames me as much as he
blames her. What am I going to do, Sam? He's all I have left.
Sam: That's not true, Ivy. You know that's not true.
Ivy: Grace, this isn't what it seems, really. I can explain.
Grace: Don't bother, Ivy. I've heard it all before.
Theresa: Ethan trusted me, and I betrayed him. I've never seen him so angry,
so out of control. And he has every right after what I did. But I'm scared. I
don't know where he went or what he'll do. God, I don't care what happens to me.
I deserve whatever you see fit. But please protect Ethan. Don't let him do
anything that he'll regret. And I swear I will do anything you ask of me if you
only help Ethan get through this terrible thing that I’ve done to him. Even if
it means that he never looks at me or speaks to me again.
[Door opens]
Theresa: Ethan?
Luis: Maybe the fortune-teller was right. Maybe someday in the future we will
get another chance together. But you know what I wish? You know what I wish more
than anything in this world? I wish that I could hold you in my arms again in
this lifetime. I swear I'd be there for you. I'd protect our love and never give
up on you.
Sheridan: Titanic. Iceberg!
Liz: Could it be?
Brian: What? Why are you looking at her like that
Liz: I know it's going to sound rather strange, but I think I know who our
Diana really is.
Whitney: It's only me.
Theresa: Should've known it wasn't Ethan.
Whitney: So, what happened? My mother called me and said that you might need
a friend right now.
Theresa: It's over, Whitney. Ethan left me for good.
Whitney: Oh, no, Theresa. Come on. Ethan is madly in love with you.
Theresa: No. Not anymore. Your mother didn't tell you?
Whitney: Tell me what? I don't understand.
Theresa: Ethan knows that I married Julian in Bermuda. Ivy showed him a faxed
copy of the marriage license.
Whitney: No.
Theresa: And I tried to explain that Julian got me drunk and that I didn't
know what was happening, but he wouldn't hear me. I've never seen him so angry.
It was worse than the night that he found out he wasn't a crane. Just one
betrayal too many.
Whitney: But, Theresa, you can't give up. Right? I mean, you're not a
quitter. You are Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald, a fighter till the end.
Theresa: This is different, Whitney. I mean, even if I could get through to
Ethan, Ivy made him promise that if he ever found out that I lied to him about
anything, he would break up with me for good. I've lost him, Whitney. And my
life might as well be over.
Whitney: Come here. It's ok.
Ethan: I love you, Theresa Lopez Fitzgerald.
Theresa: I love you, too, Ethan crane.
Ethan: This fax -- these signatures -- I recognize them. You're really
married to Julian. You lied to me, Theresa. You lied to me again. Why did you do
this to me?
Why did you do this to me?
Brian: Are you serious? You think you know who Diana really is?
Liz: Before I say anything more, promise me you won't think I’ve lost my
mind.
Brian: Just tell me.
Liz: All right. I've been talking to the guy who's staying in the room next
door.
Brian: Right, the guy you nicknamed number nine, the one who didn't come down
to have dinner with us.
Liz: Yeah, and I told you that he came down to sail his friend's boat back to
the states. Well, he's been telling me some more about his fiancée.
Brian: The one who died suddenly.
Liz: Well, not long after they fell in love, she told him about something
that happened to her when she was a young girl. A fortune-teller came to her
birthday party. Only the fortune-teller did much more than predict the child's
future.
Brian: What did she say?
Liz: Specifically? That the young girl would someday meet and fall in love
with a man that she'd fallen in love with many times before in previous lives.
Brian: Liz, come on. You don't believe that john Edwards stuff.
Liz: Just hear me out, ok?
Brian: All right, fine.
Liz: The fortune-teller said that the girl would meet this man and fall in
love with him again in this life, but tragically, and that, just as so many
times before, they would be torn apart.
Brian: By what?
Liz: The fortune-teller described their earlier lives, going way back. But
she went into a lot more detail when she got to the most recent past.
Brian: Liz, how much wine did you have to drink tonight?
Liz: Brian.
Brian: Go ahead. I'm listening. You know, this --
Liz: Ok, listen. The fortune-teller swore that this woman and this man sailed
together on the titanic, and they were young and carefree and they thought that
they would finally defy the odds and that they would live happily ever after
together.
Brian: Oh, and then they hit an iceberg, right?
Liz: Oh -- but there was another obstacle in their path before that. See,
there was another man onboard who was in love with the woman. And according to
the fortune-teller, that man came between them.
Brian: Wow. That is a great story. Now, tell me what in the hell that has to
do with Diana here.
Liz: You heard her. Come on. She keeps murmuring things about the titanic in
her sleep.
Brian: So? Maybe she has a crush on Leonardo Dicaprio.
Liz: I don't think that's it. But I can't help but wonder if she's
remembering something that happened to her.
Brian: Liz, come on. There's not -- wait a second. Are you suggesting that
Diana and this guy in the next room -- are you suggesting they have a
connection?
Liz: It's a stretch, I know, but --
Brian: &quot;A stretch&quot;? It's the craziest thing that I’ve ever heard
come out of your mouth, Liz. For starters, the guy that Diana loved -- he's
dead. And out of all the things that she remembers about her past, that is the
one thing that she is for sure about.
Liz: She's confused, Brian. Who knows what she remembers?
Brian: Ok. Ok, saying that she is confused does the guys next door -- does he
have amnesia, too? Because he told you that his fiancée -- he told you she died
in a tragic accident. Now, it can't be Diana, then, can it? She's very much
alive.
Liz: I guess not. Just can't help but think that there's some connection
there.
Brian: Yeah, in your dreams, Liz. You know, I never pegged you for being the
gullible type, especially to think all that woo-woo stuff about fortune-tellers
and stuff like that. I'm afraid on this one, you're all wet.
Liz: Well, I believe you're afraid, Brian -- afraid I’m right.
Susan: Oh, thank you. Liam.
Liam: Shh. If they find me up here with all you fancy folk, they'll toss me
overboard.
Susan: Thank you.
Liam: Meet me inside.
Susan: Ok.
Susan: You shouldn't have come. It's dangerous for you to be on this deck.
Liam: I couldn't stand being without you for another minute.
Susan: I want to be with you, too. That's all I want.
Liam: We'll find a way to make it happen. We'll find a way.
Sheridan: Titanic.
Hank: You've read the situation all wrong, pal. What my brother and Ivy crane
once had is long over. He loves one woman now -- his wife, Grace.
David: Correction -- Grace is my wife.
Hank: There's something that keeps nagging at me about your story, just
doesn't seem to add up.
David: Well, then, maybe you should brush up on your math skills.
Hank: You see, when Sam first found Grace in that fire in Boston, they
figured out her first name.
David: So what?
Hank: So, when she was admitted to the hospital, it was under the name Grace
doe. She was a patient there for quite a while. If you knew Grace had gone to
Boston, like you claim you did, why couldn't you find her? Surely one of the
first places you would have looked would be the hospital. You've got some
explaining to do, buddy.
Sam: Grace, I know what this looks like.
Grace: Yeah. The same way it looked earlier when I walked in on the two of
you together. What happened? Another explosion?
Sam: Grace, you have every reason to be angry, but, yes, there was another
explosion -- Ethan. He suffered a terrible shock tonight and almost killed
Julian. And if I hadn't been here, I honestly think that he might have gone
through with it.
Grace: What happened exactly?
Sam: He found out that Theresa had betrayed him.
Ivy: The little slut married Julian in Bermuda.
Grace: Theresa married Julian?
Sam: I'm afraid Ivy's telling the truth. She got her hands on a copy of the
marriage license. Even Theresa couldn't deny it when she was confronted with it.
Grace: Oh, my God. Poor Ethan.
Sam: Grace, he is devastated. Worse than that.
Grace: Well, of course he is. I mean, he's -- he's in love with Theresa. He
was so looking forward to finally marrying her.
Sam: Not anymore. He's in bad shape. He lashed out at Theresa, Julian, even
Ivy. And that's why I was here comforting her. We don't know where he is or what
he's going to do
Grace: I don't know what to say.
Sam: Just tell me you understand why I’m here with Ivy. Ethan my son. He's
in trouble.
Grace: Of course you need to try to help him. You both do.
Ivy: Thank you for being so compassionate, Grace.
Grace: Not so fast, Ivy. Just because I know how it feels to worry about a
child does not mean I trust you a damn with my husband. You have used every
trick in the book to try to steal Sam away from me.
Ivy: I would never use my -- our son, his pain --
Grace: You see? Ivy, I think you are capable of using just about anything
that comes along. And just because you and Sam need to see Ethan through this
crisis does not mean I will let you use this as an opportunity to drive a wedge
between the two of us. I'm putting you on notice, Ivy. I will not let anything
come between me and Sam, or anyone.
Grace: I'm not going to let you use this unhappy situation with Ethan as an
excuse to come between Sam and me.
Sam: Grace, I swear that would never happen. Ivy knows how much I love you.
Grace: Do you, Ivy?
Ivy: Absolutely. I have learned my lesson. Grace, I’m not proud of the
tricks I pulled in the past to try to get Sam to love me, and I don't blame you
for not trusting me.
Grace: Well, I'm so glad we finally understand each other, Ivy.
Ivy: At least it's a starting place. I'd give anything in the world if this
tragedy hadn't happened to Ethan, but it has, and he's going to need the support
of his mother and his father to get through it. Unless you're asking Sam to stay
out of his son's life.
Grace: Of course not. I would never do that. Not in a million years.
Ivy: No wonder Sam loves you so much. It's not every woman who could get past
her suspicions for the sake of her husband's child by another woman.
Sam: Grace isn't every woman. And you're right, Ivy -- that's why I love her
so much.
Ivy: I understand. It's just finding out about Theresa and Julian -- it was
such a blow to Ethan. I don't know where he is or what he's going to do. I
really just need Sam’s help with Ethan, that's all. You have my word.
Hank: You ask me, your story's full of holes. If you really tried to find
Grace back then, you would've been able to.
David: How would you know? When Grace disappeared, I was out of the country
on a photo shoot. When I came back and discovered she hadn't returned from
Boston yet, I rushed over there and tried everything I could think of to track
her down. I was out of my mind with fear. I made a complete nuisance of myself
checking every hospital, shelter, soup kitchen, anyplace that I could think she
could've turned up.
Hank: And nobody had any record of her?
David: Don't ask me why, but no. No, they didn’t. Maybe she'd been
released. I don't know. But the one thing I do know is -- that I didn't know
then -- is that during that time, Sam fell in love with Grace and he married
her.
Hank: Something you seem to have a hard time remembering.
David: Not true. I think about it every day and night. But, you know, the one
thing that -- the one thing that keeps nagging at me is how he pulled it off.
Hank: Pulled what off?
David: Marrying Grace and slipping her out of Boston without me even finding
her. I've checked around, hank, and I hear you haven't always been on the
up-and-up, so to speak.
Hank: What does that have to do with anything?
David: Well, I was just thinking, I mean, you've got a dark, shady side to
you. Maybe it runs in the family.
Hank: My brother's not like me at all. He's always been an open book --
honest, upstanding, highly respected.
David: Oh, respected enough to maybe pull a couple of strings with some of
his cronies on the Boston police force, maybe?
Hank: You're trying to turn this whole thing around to point the finger at
Sam when all the questions just lead right back to you.
David: Is that what you think?
Hank: Damn straight. There's something sketchy about you never showing up in
Grace's life -- until now, that is. I may not be as good a cop as my brother,
but I have pretty good instincts, and they're telling me that there's more to
you showing up here than you're admitting to. I think you're hiding something.
Brian: There is no way that Diana was on the titanic in a past life with the
guy next door.
Liz: So why is she talking about the same thing the man told me about just
tonight?
Brian: I have no idea. Actually, I've got it.
Liz: Since when does Diana have a boom box in her room?
Brian: Since I lent her mine. Doc said it would help her sleep. Oh, and guess
which C.D. She listened to last.
Liz: I am not in the mood for guessing games, Brian.
Brian: It's a cd. Of movie scores. And guess which tracks are on it. The ones
from the movie about the titanic.
Liz: Hmm.
Brian: So there's your answer right there. It was probably the last tune that
she listened to and now she's got it stuck in her mind. She's having a dream
about the movie. Case closed. Come on, Liz. You know that's it. She listened to
the music about the movie, and now she's dreaming about it. There's nothing
else. That's all.
Liam: I need to ask you a question.
Susan: Hmm?
Liam: Do you believe in love?
Susan: I do now.
Liam: I knew I loved you from the moment I laid eyes on you. Somehow, I know
I always will.
Susan: I will always love you, no matter what.
Liam: Forever?
Susan: Forever.
Liz: Part of me was hoping that she would turn out to be that guy's fiancée.
Brian: Even after he told you that she died?
Liz: Yeah. Because if what he said was true, then it wouldn't have to be the
end for them. You know, according to the fortune-teller, they had lived and died
over and over throughout ages. Guess I kind of liked the idea that there could
be a love so strong that it would survive throughout all time.
[Music plays]
Theresa: I might as well have shot a hole in his heart. The way Ethan looked
at me -- it was disbelief mixed with anger mixed with a kind of hurt that I’ve
never seen. I love Ethan with every fiber of my being, and this is what I’ve
done to him. He trusted me; Whitney, and I let him down in the worst possible
way.
Whitney: I really hate to ask you this right now, but does Ethan know that
you slept with Julian?
Theresa: No. And -- you know, it was bad enough that he found out Julian and
I were married. I don't think that he could've survived knowing that we spent
our wedding night the way we did. You know, as it was, Ethan tried to kill
Julian with his bare hands. And I think that he would have if Sam Bennett hadn't
pulled him off.
Whitney: Then, Theresa, what we have to do is we have to pray to God Ethan
never finds out the whole sordid story. Ok? Or nobody's ever going to be able to
keep him from killing Julian.
Singer: You are my passion for life
Theresa: There's no two ways about it. Ethan would've killed Julian for sure
if he found out that I slept with him.
Whitney: Then he can't find out.
Theresa: All I wanted to do was to prove to Ethan how much I love him. I
mean, that's why I went down there in the first place. How could an innocent
idea like that have backfired so badly?
Whitney: I hate to be the one to say that I told you so, Theresa, but you got
to understand.
Theresa: I know. I know you warned me not to go down there and try to
convince Julian into reinstating Ethan as his son. I'd give anything if I could
turn back the clock. I'd listen to you this time, Whitney. I swear I would.
Whitney: Oh, honey, what am I going to do with you?
Theresa: There's nothing anyone can do. It's -- it's too late.
Whitney: It's not too late. I mean, doesn't Ethan realize that Julian got you
drunk, that you didn't know that you were marrying him?
Theresa: Yeah, I -- I tried to explain that but Julian wouldn't back me up.
He was too busy saving his own neck with Rebecca.
Whitney: Oh, I totally forgot about Rebecca.
Theresa: He told Rebecca that I got him drunk, that I tricked him into
marrying me so that I could get my hands on the Crane money.
Whitney: Oh, that's ridiculous.
Theresa: Yeah, I know, but, you know, Rebecca hates me so much already
because of Gwen that she believed every word. And she gave Ethan an earful. But
it doesn't matter. The bottom line is I married Julian. And Ethan’s never
going to forgive me for that. To be the cause of -- of so much pain for the man
that I love more than anything in the world --
Whitney: And you don't know where he went?
Theresa: I have no idea. I keep picturing him, somewhere alone, all torn up
over what I did to him. And there's nothing I can do to make it better.
Ethan: God!
Luis: If only that fortune-teller you told me about was right all those years
ago. She said that we'd fall in love over and over again throughout history. If
that was true, then I’d have another shot with you. What I wouldn't give for
another shot. I would never let you go. Never.
Sheridan: Titanic. Liam. I love you.
Sheridan: You're here. I can feel it. I know you're near.
Ivy: I'm sure I’d feel the same way if our situations reversed.
Grace: Yeah, I don't doubt it for a minute.
Ivy: Which is why it is very important for me to convince you that I have
changed, Grace. Look at me. I'm sitting in a wheelchair, paralyzed from the
waist down for who knows how long -- probably forever.
Sam: Don't say that.
Ivy: It's I might as well accept it. My life as I knew it is over. And I can
honestly tell you both that I will never resort to any of my old game-playing
again. I mean, aside from the fact that I know better now, I also realize how
futile it always was.
Sam: What are you thinking, Grace?
Grace: I'm thinking that Ivy's saying exactly what I hoped she'd say.
Ivy: Well, it's from the heart, Grace -- every word. I just need Sam’s help
to support Ethan.
Grace: And you'll have it.
Ivy: Thank you, Grace.
Sam: We'll check back with you later.
Ivy: You're one in a million, Grace. A true saint.
Hank: Safe trip. Don't come back anytime soon.
David: If I stay away, it will be because I decided it's best, not because of
anything you said.
Hank: Suit yourself, Hastings.
David: Yeah, it's me. Look, I have tried everything to break Sam and Grace
up, and none of it is working. Yeah. I don't know what else to do.
Sam: And thank you so much for being so understanding about Ethan.
Grace: I'd do what I could for anyone who'd suffered a shock like Ethan just
did, especially your son. And as for all the kudos for being saintly, I don't
think I deserve them considering it was very obvious how suspicious I was when I
walked in on you and Ivy in her cubicle.
Sam: Well, I'd say that's pretty natural under the circumstances.
Grace: Yeah, maybe. But I need to get over my jealousy of Ivy. I'm just so
preconditioned to think the worst of her.
Sam: No. It's no wonder after all the stunts she's pulled. But I really get
this sense that she's gone through some kind of awakening. She's really thrown
in the towel this time. I mean, I think she realizes that I would never leave
you for her or anyone else. There's nothing she can do to hurt us.
Grace: That I believe.
Sam: Then no more worrying?
Grace: Ok.
Sam: Now, with Ivy on good behavior and David having left town on an
assignment, we can finally get our lives back to normal again. David did leave
town, didn't he?
Grace: Yeah. I think he should be gone by now.
David: I've even convinced Sam and Grace that I’m her first and only legal
husband, and it still doesn't pull any weight with them. Look, they're
unshakable. They're so damn in love; I don't think there's anything else I can
do.
Ivy: Well, I'll tell you what you are not going to do -- you are not going to
walk away from the mission I am paying you to complete. You will see it through
to the end by breaking up Sam and Grace forever.
Theresa: It's over, Whitney. I lost him forever. I betrayed the man I love in
the worst possible way, and now he'll never forgive me.
Whitney: Don't say that, Theresa.
Theresa: But it's true. You didn't see the expression on his face when it hit
him that I really had married Julian in Bermuda. He hates me. And do you know
what? I don't blame him. I doubt I’ll ever see him again.
Brian: You know I’m right, Liz. The man's fiancée is dead and Diana is
very much alive, so there's no way that these two are connected.
Liz: We'll find out for sure soon enough, won't we?
Brian: Oh, yeah? How's that?
Liz: St. Lisa's a very small island. This is a tiny hotel. Diana and number
nine are bound to run into each other sometime before this man sets sail for the
mainland. What are you worried about, Brian? If they don't know each other like
you say, then what difference is it that they meet?
Brian: None, I guess.
Liz: Then get over it. They'll probably bump into each other in the hall or
here at the cafe, will exchange a few pleasantries, and that'll be it. He'll go
on his way and Diana will still be here on the island with you.
Sheridan: Liam.















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 4.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Friday 11/16/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
Passions Update Friday 11/16/01 Canada Monday
11/19/01 USA
  By Stephanie
&nbsp;
 &nbsp;[Music plays]
Susan: Thank you. Liam.
Liam: Shh. If they find me up here with all you fancy folk, they'll toss me
overboard.
Susan: Thank you.
Liam: Meet me inside.
Susan: Ok.
Sheridan: Liam.
Theresa: You're back. You've forgiven me. Oh, thank God.
Ethan: Theresa.
Theresa: What's wrong? You have forgiven me, haven't you? Oh, my God. You're
leaving?
Grace: I got to say; it really feels good to be alone together for a change.
Sam: Yes, it does. We're very lucky, Grace. In spite of everything that's
happened -- our house being destroyed, losing our baby, and David coming into
our lives -- we're very lucky to have each other and that we've made it through.
Grace: Yep. It's just that it seems like everybody in our lives is having so
much pain and suffering -- Luis and Sheridan, Theresa and Ethan. And Ivy, doing
everything that she could to try to pull us apart. But she couldn't do it.
Sam: She couldn't do it any more than David can do it.
Grace: You know, I -- I pity her. I mean, she is all alone. She doesn't have
you. She doesn't have anyone.
Sam: I feel sorry for her, but I'm glad we'll always have each other.
Sam: You know, that's one of the things I love about you -- your loving and
forgiving heart. I mean, it's amazing that you can feel pity for Ivy after all
she's done.
Grace: Well, don't get me wrong. I mean, I am never going to trust Ivy. But
she's Ethan’s mother and you're his father, so she's always going to be in our
lives.
Sam: Unfortunately, you're right. But I can't say I feel pity for her.
Grace: No, I just -- I wouldn't want to be in her shoes. I mean, she's lost
Julian -- not that he's any prize.
Sam: You can say that again.
Grace: But he is the father of three of her children. And in losing the Crane
name, she's lost all that power and money and prestige.
Sam: That had to have been the hardest thing for her to lose.
Grace: Uh-uh. Hardest thing for her to lose was you.
Sam: Grace, she never had me to lose, not after I met you. She tried
everything that she could to pull me back into her life, and nothing worked. No
matter how many times I told her that I only loved you, she kept coming back.
Grace: Well, I'm glad I just finally had enough sense to fight for you once I
saw her in the bunkroom with you.
Sam: Grace, even if you didn't fight back, you were never going to lose me. I
love you so much.
Grace: I love you, too, Sam. And, you know, some good did come out of that
bunkroom incident.
Sam: Hmm.
Grace: Yeah. I mean, Ivy realized I was never going to stop fighting for you.
And she finally decided to give up on trying to steal you from me.
David: I could have killed you if I had wanted to, Ivy.
Ivy: You nearly did. What the hell is the matter with you?
David: Just making a point. You're awfully vulnerable right here in your
hospital bed, Ivy. I could have killed you, walked out of here, and no one would
have been the wiser.
Ivy: They'd catch you.
David: I wouldn't even be a suspect. We barely know each other. Remember?
Ivy: Do you want to kill me?
David: Let's just say that I don't like being blackmailed. If I were a
blackmailer, I’d be much more careful than you, Ivy.
Ivy: Well, you're a lot of things, David. But I don't think you're a killer.
David: Don't be so sure. People have been driven to murder for much less,
even yourself.
Ivy: If I were capable of murder, David, I wouldn't have hired you. I simply
would have killed Grace Bennett myself.
David: You really want Sam that badly that you'd even commit murder?
Ivy: Haven't you realized it yet? I will do whatever it takes to get Sam
back. I will not give him up.
[Music plays]
[Music stops]
Susan: Do I know you?
Liam: We've never met. But I feel like I do know you.
Susan: So do I. How is that possible?
Liam: I don't know. Maybe we met in another life.
Susan: That must be it. I feel as if I’ve always known you and you've known
me.
[Music plays]
Theresa: Where are you going?
Ethan: Well, I can't stay here, Theresa, not now.
Theresa: Please don't go.
Ethan: You expect me to stay here, knowing you're married to Julian?
Theresa: But I'm not. He's getting an annulment. Ethan, it was a mistake.
Ethan: Theresa, don't try to explain what happened. It happened, and you lied
to me.
Theresa: I know. I'm sorry. I was afraid to tell you the truth about what
happened in Bermuda. I was afraid that I would lose you.
Ethan: We've been over this. There's no reason to go over it again.
Theresa: Ethan, you can't leave. You can't -- you can't believe anything that
Rebecca says. I didn't marry Julian for the money. I hate him. I went there to
convince him to take you back into the family, and I -- I didn't get him drunk
like Rebecca said. Ethan, he kept pouring champagne into my glass.
Ethan: Theresa, don't, all right?
Theresa: But you have to know the truth. I went to Julian to help you. I
wanted to give you back everything that you lost when that tabloid came out
about you not being a crane. And I know that your mother hates me, but, Ethan, I
swear I never sent that e-mail to the tabloid.
Ethan: Theresa, I don't think you went down to Bermuda to get Julian drunk.
Look, you're a liar, but you're not conniving. Not like Rebecca. You know, the
truth is I may never know exactly what went down in Bermuda. But at this point,
I don't care.
Theresa: But you have to care. Ethan, I love you.
Ethan: Theresa, I don't care because what kills me, you know, what feels like
a knife in my heart is that you kept it from me. Now how many times did I tell
you that the woman I love has to be honest with me? You know, I can't stand
secrets or lies. No more.
Theresa: I know. Ethan, I swear I will never keep anything from you ever
again.
Whitney: Ethan? Ethan, you know about Julian marrying Theresa. But there is
something that you obviously do not know. Theresa, you said that you both woke
up. Does that mean that you and Julian slept in the same bed?
Theresa: Yes.
Whitney: Does that mean that --
Theresa: That's exactly what it means, Whitney. Not only did I marry Julian
crane, I had sex with him. @
[Music plays]
Liam: I'm never going to let go of you, you know.
Susan: I hope not. I want to be with you forever, for all eternity.
[Music stops]
Luis: Sheridan?
Luis: It was just a dream. It seemed so real. We were in another time. We
were dancing, and we kissed. It seemed like she was really here, really kissing
me. I told you I’d never let you go. But I did. I let you down. I failed you.
Luis: Sheridan?
Ethan: You said there's something else I don't know, Whitney?
Theresa: Please don't make things worse.
Ethan: Is it possible there's something you're still not telling me, Theresa?
Julian: What is it, sweet Theresa?
Theresa: Don't touch me! What are we doing in bed with each other?
Julian: Well, making love, of course.
Theresa: No!
Whitney: In spite of everything that Theresa has done, all the things that
she has done that have hurt you, you have to know that she did it all out of
love for you.
Theresa: It's true. I've been stupid, Ethan, but everything I did I did
because I love you.
Ethan: But I don't think love is enough. How can you live with someone you
can't trust? Hmm? How can you ever feel completely safe, completely loved if you
can't trust the person you're with? See, I just don't think it's possible. My
mother lied to me all these years about who I am.
Theresa: I know, and that was wrong. But she didn't want to hurt you.
Ethan: And neither did you, but you both lied to me over and over. Now, maybe
if my mother hadn't lied to me, I might be able to overlook the way you betrayed
my trust. But I can't because a marriage without trust is worthless. You know,
there is -- there's no future. There's no happiness in a marriage like that
Sam: You know, when you're young, you think love is all that matters. I mean,
look at Ethan and Theresa. I really think they love each other, but love isn't
enough.
Grace: No, they're missing the elements of truth and trust. But you know
what? I am not giving up on Theresa and Ethan. I didn't give up on us, and we
made it back together. I think they will, too.
Sam: Think so?
Grace: I hope so. I mean, what Theresa did was wrong, not telling Ethan that
she married Julian? But her intentions were right. I mean, she was afraid of
what Ethan would do to Julian when he found out.
Sam: You know, I really think that he would have killed Julian if I hadn't
stopped him.
Grace: Thank God you were there.
Sam: Yeah.
Grace: I just hope Ethan can find it in his heart to forgive her.
Sam: Just like you forgave me for not telling you about my affair with Ivy
all those years ago? But you and I have been married a long time. Ethan and
Theresa’s love may not be as strong as ours.
Grace: Yeah. And our love has really been tested -- I mean, first with Ivy
trying to come between us and then with David. You know, I really thought she
would use this situation with David to try to stir things up again.
Sam: Well, obviously, she had more sense. She knew that nothing could break
us apart.
David: You say you don't want to give Sam up. But I don't think he's yours to
give up.
Ivy: Well, he was mine once. I loved Sam before he ever met Grace, and he
loved me. I intend to have Sam Bennett back.
David: You can't get Sam Bennett back if Grace doesn't let him go. And I've
tried every trick in the book, and she's not letting him go. Look, I'm sorry,
but you have to face it -- Sam and Grace are very much in love, and there's
nothing you can do to tear them apart.
Ivy: I didn't go to all the trouble of creating a fake marriage license,
finding a fake priest, creating fake memories, I didn't scour dozens of
newspaper articles to make a past for you and Grace to give it all up now.
David: Look, I don't care what trouble you went to. I'm the one giving the
award-winning performance here. I even convinced Sam that Grace and I were once
married. I can doctor a photograph to make it look like something it isn't, but
I cannot doctor real life. It -- it didn't work. It's over. There's nothing more
I can do.
Ivy: Well, I didn't spend all those years as a crane for nothing. I know
where there's a will, there's a way. And, honey, I have the will. I want Sam
Bennett back, and I will have him.
Susan: Help! Over here! Hold on. There's a boat coming. We're saved.
Man: Susan. Thank God you're alive.
Susan: Liam. Get him into the boat. He's freezing.
Brian: Diana. There you are. I was worried about you. I thought something
might have happened to you. You know, you really should be in bed. You need as
much rest as you can get. Are you all right? Oh, man. She must be sleepwalking.
Come on, come on. I'm going to get you back to the hotel, ok? I'll take you
back, get you back in bed. I'm going to take care of you. I'll take care of you
forever.
Liz: Hey, number nine. You look like you saw a ghost.
Luis: I think I did. I dreamed I was onboard the titanic dancing with the
woman I love. The story was straight out of the one that my fiancée had told
me.
Liz: The one the fortune-teller told her about when she was a child?
Luis: Yeah. We were the same people, but we had different names. I guess the
story got stuck in my subconscious and now I’m reliving it.
Liz: Dreams can seen so real sometimes.
Luis: Yeah. Um -- I dreamed that she came into my room and kissed me. I -- I
woke up, and I could still feel her kiss on my lips, my fiancée’s.
Liz: But yet, you know she's dead.
Luis: Yeah. She was cremated. Yet every day I feel like she is more and more
alive and I keep expecting the door to open and for her to walk through.
[Door creaks]
Ethan: Up until now, I was your strongest defender. You know, my mother told
me that you would lie to me. Julian and Alistair told me. Rebecca and Gwen told
me. And I refused to believe them. I told them that they were wrong because they
didn't know you the way I did. I'm sorry, Theresa. Love isn't enough.
Theresa: Give me a chance. I'll prove to everyone how much I love you.
Ethan: I'm going to finish packing.
Theresa: No. It's not all lost, Whitney. You heard him. He says that he still
loves me.
Whitney: No, he said that he can't marry you, not so long as he can't trust
you.
Theresa: But I can change his mind, Whitney. I know I can. I just -- I need
time.
Whitney: No, you need to be completely honest with him. Stop hiding things
from that man. Tell him the truth, Theresa.
Theresa: I will, Whitney. I'll never lie to him again.
Whitney: Then prove it to him right now. Start right this second with a clean
slate and tell him that you slept with Julian.
Singer: You are my passion for life
Brian: I know you're troubled. You've been through a lot. That's probably why
you were sleepwalking. You were probably thinking about the man you loved.
Diana, you're going to have to let him go. He's dead, and he's not coming back.
I'm here for you. And if you'll let me, I'll take care of you for the rest of
your life. I'll love you as much as any man has ever loved you. Just give me
that chance.
Brian: I'll wait, Diana. I'll wait forever.
Liz: It was just the wind.
Luis: Yeah. But I thought she was going to walk in.
Liz: It's hard letting go. I know, I've been there. When you lose someone you
love, you start imagining all sorts of things. Actually, I wouldn't mind
believing in past lives. But where's the proof?
Luis: Yeah. There isn't any. I know it's just my mind playing tricks on me.
But why is it that I feel her so close to me down here? Why is that everywhere I
turn, I sense her there with me? And I swear, if it wasn't her in my room
tonight, well, then some other woman came in my room and kissed me. Oh was that
you?
Liz: Not unless I was sleepwalking. Well, look, if somebody really kissed
you, wouldn't you wake up?
Luis: Yeah. I guess so.
Liz: The only other woman around her is Diana. I think I'll go check up on
her, see what she's been up to.
Luis: All right.
Whitney: Theresa, what if Ethan finds out on his own that you had sex with
Julian? It'll be guaranteed that he'll never trust you again.
Theresa: I can't tell him, Whitney. Not yet. He'll never be able to look at
me again if I tell him that I slept with Julian.
Whitney: Honey, you don't know that.
Theresa: I do.
Whitney: Ethan is a grown man, Theresa. He could understand how this might
happen.
Theresa: Maybe. But not yet. I will tell him. Once he's forgiven me, once
we're back together.
Whitney: I'm going to go get a soda.
Theresa: Is there anything that I can do to change your mind?
Ethan: I wish there were. But when I think of all the times you lied to me,
all the deception, all the excuses that you made up in Bermuda why we shouldn't
get married, not wanting me to file the marriage license -- it was obviously
because you didn't want me to know that you and Julian were married. How can I
believe anything you say?
Theresa: You said you still love me. Doesn't that count for something?
Ethan: I thought it did. You know, what upsets me most is that I just can't
turn off my feelings for you. I love you, Theresa. And I believe you love me.
Theresa: I do. With all my heart.
Ethan: Well, it doesn't matter if I can't trust you. I mean, how could I be
sure that you're not keeping something from me right now? How can I be sure that
you're being totally open and honest with me? Once upon a time,
Sheridan: When will I ever stop dreaming about Liam?
[Knock on door]
Liz: Oh, you're awake. May I come in?
Sheridan: Oh, yeah, of course. Come on in, Liz.
Liz: Well, how are you feeling? You've had a very rough time, you know?
Almost drowned again.
Sheridan: I feel all right. I just keep having these dreams.
Liz: You want to talk about them?
Sheridan: I'm sorry. I'm just hoping the less I talk about them; the less
they'll come back.
Liz: Makes sense to me. Diana, have you been in your room all night?
Sheridan: Yeah. I've been sleeping. Why?
Liz: I was just wondering if you were up wandering the halls, kissing strange
men.
Sheridan: I don't think so. No, I've been in here dreaming up a storm.
Liz: Ok. You go back to sleep. I'll see you in the morning.
Sheridan: Ok. Good night.
Liz: Good night.
Sheridan: I wish Liam were here so I could tell him about my dreams.
David: Look, I admire your tenacity, Ivy. I do. But you can't get blood from
a stone. I can do no more.
Ivy: Yes, you can. And you will.
David: No. I've kept up my end of the bargain -- not that I had any choice in
the matter. But I've done everything I can to separate Sam and Grace, and none
of it has worked.
Ivy: Damn her.
David: No, look, you've lost, Ivy. It's over. And it's time for me to get on
with my life.
Ivy: Oh. No, no, no, no. You're not going anywhere. You're not leaving
Harmony until you help me get Sam back.
Ethan: Is there something else you're not telling me, Theresa?
Theresa: Are you leaving because of the deal that you made with your mother?
Because you promised her if you ever found out that I was keeping anything from
you, you would break up with me?
Ethan: No. I love my mother, and I respect her, even though she raised me to
believe that Julian was my father.
Theresa: She did it out of love for you, Ethan.
Ethan: I know. I'm not going to let my mother dictate my life. No, I made
that deal with her because I was convinced that you'd never keep anything from
me. I was so sure that you would never lie to me. You know, I was going to prove
to my mother that I trusted you. But I was wrong. You let me down. I was going
to spend the rest of my life with you. How can I? I'll always wonder if you have
some kind of hidden agenda.
Theresa: I don't have a hidden agenda. My only agenda, Ethan, is to marry you
and to love you every day for the rest of my life.
Ethan: Theresa, you say some really wonderful things. And I know you mean
them. And you may even for a moment believe that you're not lying. But how can I
know that you're not keeping something from me? I'm sorry, Theresa, but I -- I
can't forget what you've done.
Liz: They have a great fragrance, don't they?
Luis: Yeah. They remind me of --
Luis: They remind me of my father. He once planted a rosebush for my mother.
Liz: That's very sweet. Well, I'm here to report that if someone kissed you
in your sleep, it wasn't Diana.
Luis: Well, no, of course it wasn't. I mean, why would she kiss a perfect
stranger?
Liz: I thought I'd check. But she's been sleeping all night.
Luis: Yeah. I'm sure I was just dreaming. I'll tell you, that kiss felt so
real. I can still feel it on my lips.
Sheridan: Why do my dreams seem so real? I can almost feel Liam’s lips
touching mine. But that's ridiculous. He's not real. And even if he were, I’ve
been in here all night. There's no way I could have kissed anyone.
Sheridan: There's sand on my shoes. How did I get sand on them? I'm sure I
never left this room. Did I?
Sam: So, you think true lovers are destined to be together, maybe not in this
lifetime but the next?
Grace: Yeah, I do. Otherwise, life doesn't make sense. I think souls are
immortal, that sooner or later, true love is rewarded and lovers are united,
happily, for eternity.
Sam: I hope so. At least for Luis and Sheridan’s sake. Thankfully, we don't
have to wait for another lifetime to be together. Now that David’s getting
ready to leave town and Ivy's finally throwing in the towel, there's nothing to
stop us from having a long, happy life together.
David: Look, Ivy, I’ve told you there's nothing more I can do. Sam and
Grace believe that I am Grace's husband, and it doesn't matter.
Ivy: She's catholic. If she thinks you're married, she will never divorce
you.
David: She's talking about getting an annulment.
Ivy: Well, I don't care if she has an audience with the pope. I am not giving
up. Do you understand?
David: Oh. I don't -- I don't know what you think you can do.
Ivy: I convinced Grace that I’ve given up on Sam. She's vulnerable. Her
guard is down. It's a perfect time to strike.
Theresa: Ethan, you can't leave. I mean, where will you go?
Ethan: Hank's going to put me up for the night. I'll just figure out what I'm
going to do tomorrow. Right now, I need some time to think, figure out what I'm
going to do next.
Theresa: No. No. Ethan.
Whitney: It's ok.
Theresa: Oh, no.
Whitney: Shh. &nbsp;














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site





















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Monday 11/26/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Monday 11/26/01
  By Suzanne Lanoue
&nbsp;
 Sam: Hit star 69, hastings. Let's see who called you just now. 10 to one it's
linked to why you canceled your big photo shoot to stay here in Harmony.
 Grace: You know, sam, let's just not push it. I just want to go on our
special lunch.
 Sam: Grace, listen, don't worry, nothing will keep us from going on that
lunch. It's just my cop instinct tells me that he is hiding something --
something big -- and that phone call he got is part of it.
 David: This is absurd.
 Sam: Oh, really? I bet if i knew who called, I'd know exactly what you're &amp;
trying to hide.
 Ivy: Oh, you must be at the bed-and-breakfast with the little woman.

 David: Yeah, well, actually, a couple of people.

 Ivy: Sam, too ooh, my goodness. How's it going?

 David: Not well, I'm afraid.
 Ivy: Well, don't worry. I have a plan that's going to give you a lot more
time alone with grace.
 Sam: Come on, hastings. Tell us the real reason you stayed in Harmony.

 Ivy: I have to find ethan and convince him to dump theresa. I know she is
still keeping secrets from my son.
 Theresa: I can't be honest with ethan. Whitney, he'll hate me forever if i
tell him that i didn't just marry julian, I slept with him.
 Pi : Theresa? What have you decided to do? When ethan gets off the phone,
he's going to ask you if you're keeping anything else from him, and I hope that
you will tell him the truth.
 Ivy: Yes, theresa, I hope that you'll be honest with ethan for once and admit
that you're keeping another secret because it is obvious that you are. I can
tell by looking at your face that you're hiding something. And it must be a
whopper, considering everything else that you've done.
 Pilar: Por favor, mrs. Crane.
 Ivy: &quot;Adios&quot; is more ke it, pilar, because when theresa tells ethan the truth
and nothing but the truth, he will dump her in a flash.
 Harper: I'm glad theresa has been totally honest with you, ethan, and i'm
glad you found it in your heart to forgive her r everything.
 Julian: I went to bermuda with the express purposes of getting my divorce
from ivy and to carry out the plan to kill my sister. Instead I got drunk,
married and bedded my former son's fiancee, the delectable theresa.
 Harper: You must really love theresa to forgive her for doing what she did.


 Ethan: Yeah, well, if there's one thing I've learned, there's no substitute
for honesty. It's the single most important thing in a relationship.
 Harper: I hear you, ethan. And I'm happy theresa has owned up to everything
that's ppened with julian.
 Julian: Theresa told ethan we slept together? Oh, my God, he'll finish what
he started at the hospital. I'm as good as dead. Oh, God.
 Brian: Diana, wait. Look, et's not go down to the dock. Look, whoever cried
out sounded like they were really hurting emotionally. Maybe -- maybe we
shouldn't intrude.
 Sheridan: Brian, i know what &amp; you're thinking -- that the guest from the
states is still down at the dock and that somehow he and i are connected because
liz said we were both having memories or dreams about being on the titanic
together. I know liz meant wl, wanting us to meet. But I'm sure that there is no
chance that this man and I are connected. Like said, his fiancee is dead. And
one of the few things that i remember is that my fiance is dead, too.
 Sheridan: I know it's crazy to think that my dead fiance is down by the water
waiting for me.
 Luis: My little sister, married to the biggest letch in Harmony.

 Beth: Well, it's not for long, ok? I heard theresa is having the marriage
annulled.
 Luis: Still, how could she do such a thing?

 Beth: Well, I don't think it was her fault. I mean, julian got her d unk.

 Luis: So then he took advantage of her? I'm going to kill the bastard. I
swear to God i'm going to kill that bastard!
 Sheridan: Do you hear that? That man sounds like he's in emotional distress.
Maybe thers something we can Do to help. Let's go see.
 [Captioning made possible by the national broadcasting company]

 sam: I want the truth. Why are you still here in Harmony?

 Ivy: You're not going anywhere, david. You're going to stay and finish the
job I hired you to do -- break up sam and grace for good.
 Sam: Out with it, hastings. Why are you still here?

 David: Ok, I'll tell you. Because this has gone on long enough, and I am sick
of it.
 Grace: Sick of what?
 David: Of not being completely honest.
 Sam: I knew it.
 David: The reason i'm still here in Harmony is because of -- is because of
ivy crane.
 Sam: Ivy?
 David: Yes. Ivy is the reason I haven't left town.

 Julian: God. Why would theresa tell ethan that we shared a night of conjugal
bliss? Why would she fess up now? Unless she's trying to save her neck by having
ethan wring mine.
 Harper: Ethan, just a minu e. Julian, you don't understand. Theresa and ethan
are coming over here to sign the annulment papers.
 Julian: Ethan is coming here? Oh, my God! I've got to get packed, get the
crane jet readied, get the hell out of here before ethan kills me. I hear that
siberia is lovely this time of year.
 Ethan: Harper, are you there? What's going on?

 Harper: Ethan, i have to go. I'll speak to you later.

 Ethan: What -- I wonder what that was about. Doesn't matter. I'll get theresa,
we'll go to the mansion so she and julian can sign the annulment.
 Ivy: Unburden yourself, theresa. Tell poor, crippled ivy your secret. Save me
the trouble of having to find out for myself.
 Ethan: Mother, stop berating theresa. She's not hiding anything. Look, the
annulment papers are all set. We just have to go to e mansion, and then you can
sign them.
 Theresa: I'll be so glad when my marriage to julian is over. Then we can be
together the rest of our lives.
 Ivy: Excuse me. Need i remind you that theresa has never answered your
question? She has never admitted that she's finally out of secrets.
 Ethan: Mother, please.
 Ivy: Personally, I think she's keeping any number of secrets in order to hang
on to you. How about it, dear? Are you going to tell ethan yet another lie when
you promise him that you're secret-free?
 Ethan: Mother, I meant what i said. Stop badgering theresa. Look, I remember
my question, and I'm going to have theresa answer it. Listen, theresa, we can
get married and be together if you're honest with me from now on. So tell me --
can you promise me you have no more secrets?
 Ivy: Well, of course the little tramp is going to lie and say yes.

 Ethan: Mother, let her answer. Just tell me once and for all -- are you
keeping anything from me? Anything at all?
 Grace: Ivy?
 Sam: You couldn't leave town because of ivy crane?

 David: That's right. No, you didn't hire me, you blackmailed me.

 Ivy: Whatever. It all boils down to the same thing. You're going to stay in
Harmony until sam and grace's relationship is destroyed.
 David: Look, I told you, I've done everything i could think of to do exactly
that. But your manipulations are no match for the kin of love those two have for
each other.
 Ivy: Well, sam loved me once just as much, and he will love me again once
grace is out of his life. So you get her away from him, or i'm going to use what
i have on you to make you wish you'd never been born.
 Sam: What about ivy?
 David: I think you still love her, sam. I think that soon you'll finally
admit that you've never stopped loving her and then you'll leave poor grace so
that you can be with ivy.
 Sam: That is ridiculous.
 Vid: I came back here because I don't want grace to be alone when i know that
her life is bound to be blown apart. I came back here because i want to help her
pick up the pieces when you break her heart -- for the second time.
 Sam: Stop trying to come between us. I will never hurt grace. But you --
you're another story.
 Harper: Julian?
 Julian: I have to get out ofere before ethan arrives loaded for bear.

 Theresa: Get off of him, ethan!
 Julian: He nearly killed me at the hospital, and that was before he even knew
I slept with theresa.
 Harper: Oh, calm down, julian. Ethan didn't seem upset on the phone.

 Julian: You can't be serious.
 Harper: No, ethan seems to have accepted what happened between you and
theresa and moved on. I don't think the boy poses any threat to you.
 Julian: Really? Theresa told ethan that we slept together, and he isn't even
angry?
 Harper: Well, ethan said that theresa was totally honest with him about
everything.
 Julian: I can't believe it.
 Harper: Well, be that as it may, ethan and theresa are on the way over here
to sign the annulment papers. And your former son didn't seem upset at all, just
happy that theresa was honest with him and that they've patched things up.

 Julian: I guess there's no need to beat a hasty retreat, yes? Ah! Why don't
we have a cocktail --
 harper: Of course.
 Julian: To celebrate. Here's to a man being able to sleep with his ex-son's
foxy fiancee and get away with it. I still can't believe it. I never thought
theresa would tell ethan that we consummated our marriage.
 Theresa: I promise you i have no more secrets from you.

 Ivy: I cannot believe your nerve, theresa! You're hiding something. I know
you are.
 Ethan: Mother, please.
 Ivy: Ethan, look at whitney and pilar. They know that theresa is hiding
something.
 Ethan: No, mother, they're embarrassed by the way you're behaving.

 Ivy: Ethan, how can you be so blind?
 Ethan: Mother, stop it, all right? I'm going to marry theresa, + and you're
just going to have to live -- look, theresa, thank you for being honest with me.
I know mother and you have your differences, but I'm sure once she sees how
happy you make me, then she'll change her mind.
 Ivy: No, never. Theresa is a lying slut, and I will not rest until i prove
it.
 Ethan: Excuse me. I'm going toake my mother to her room, and then we'll go to
the mansion, theresa, and get your marriage to julian annulled.
 Ivy: Ethan may have a blind spot when it comes to you, theresa. I don'T. I
see you for what you are, and I will be watching you. Remember that. I'll be
watching you.
 Beth: I hate the way i upset you, luis. Please, just try and calm down, ok?


 Luis: Calm down? Beth, how am i supposed to be calm when julian crane is my
brother-in-law? I'm going to kill that pig for what he did to my sister.
 Liz: Hey, what's going on? Did you see diana? I sent her to look for you.

 Luis: No, I didn't see diana. I don't have time to see her now, anyway.

 Liz: Why? What's gotten you worked up like this?

 Luis: I'm sorry. It's a long story. I got to get out of here asap. I'm not
going to have time to sail the boat back.
 Liz: But your friend, she's counting on you.

 Beth: No, it's ok. I'm the friend. Beth.
 Liz: Liz. Nice to meet you.
 Beth: You, too.
 Liz: So, what do you want to do about your boat?

 Luis: I'm sure you'll be able to arrange something. I'm going to call for a
car to take us to the airport.
 Beth: About my boat -- I need huge favor.
 Sheridan: I could have sworn i heard someone cry out from here.

 Brian: Yeah, I know. Whoever it was, he must be ok now.

 Sheridan: I can't get the pain in that man's voice out of my head.

 Brian: Yeah, whatever caused him to cry out, it must have cut him to the
quick, that's for sure.
 Sheridan: I just hope whoever it was is all right now.

 Brian: You know, diana, you are such a good person.

 Sheridan: So are you, brian. You know, we better get back to the cafe, make
sure everybody's all right.
 ivy: Ethan, theresa has lied to you about everything short of the weather.
How you can believe she's telling you the truth now, it's beyond me.
 Ethan: Mother, she's learned her lesson.
 Ivy: Well, a snake may shed her skin but she's still a snake.

 Ethan: Look, not another word, all right? I love theresa, I'm going to marry
her, and there's nothing you can do about it. See you later.
 Ivy: Oh, ethan. There is something i can do about theresa. I can watch her
like a hawk. She has another secret. I know she does. And when i find out what
it is, I can finally get rid of that doe-eyed little sneak. And with theresa out
of the way, I can bring sam back into our lives. Oh, ethan, i promise, soon you
and sam and i will finally be a family. Well, I -- i better put my plan into
motion.
 Sam: I should have wiped the floor with you a long time ago.

 Grace: Ok, sam, just don't, all right? I mean, we have our special lunch,
remember?
 Sam: Grace, listen, i haven't forgotten. I love you too much to let anything,
even this troublemaker, stop us from going to lunch. Now, i promised you a
special time, and I'm not about to go back on my word.
 [Phone rings]
 sam: It could be the station house. Chief bennett.

 Ivy: Sam, i'm sorry to bother you, but i'm afraid something awful is about to
happen.
 Sam: Ivy, what is it? Are you all right?
 David's voice: Nice timing, boss.
 Ivy: Don't worry about me. I'll manage. It's ethan. I'm afraid he needs you
again, sam. Can you be there for him? Can you -- can you be there for our son?


 Julian: Oh, getting away with getting it on with theresa is almost as sweet
as her lips were. Trust me, harper -- talking is such a waste of that girl's
time. Talking. What about luis? If theresa told ethan that we made the earth
move, she'll tell her brother and he'll kill me.
 Harper: Calm down, julian. I checked on luis. He's still mourning sheridan's
death -- or should i say &quot;murder&quot;?
 Julian: Get to the point.
 Harper: Luis has gone back to the islands to grieve. He's hundreds of miles
away from Harmony.
 Julian: This is just too good to be true. Ethan knows I slept with theresa
and he couldn't care less, and theresa's big, bad brother doesn't have a clue I
slept with his little sister. I'm safe, harper, safe from harm.
 Luis: Crane's a dead man when i get back to Harmony. Beth? I got a car
waiting. If we hurry, we can catch the next flight ou .
 Beth: Ok. It was so nice meeting you. Thank you for everything.

 Liz: You're welcome.
 Luis: Beth, come on.
 Have to go.
 Beth: Ok.
 Liz: Wait! There's diana. Can you just wait, just a minute? She's dying to
meet you.
 On phone:Bill, I'm stuck at work.
 Singer: You are my passion for life
 julian: Harper, I -- i can't tell you how nervous i was about etn discovering
that i slept with theresa, especially since i got her looped to take advantage
of her nubile lushness. Now everyt ing's out inhe open. I feel as if a
tremendous weight has been lifted from my shoulders. To quote the bard,+ &quot;all's
well that ends well.&quot; What the -- I own this paper! Now the entire world is
going to know that i tied the knot with theresa. Oh, my God! What if luis sees
this?
 Harper: Relax, julian. &quot;The herald&quot; is a local rag. It'll never see the
newsstands in the islands.
 Julian: Yeah, perhaps. What about radio and television?

 Harper: I'm sure alistair is using his clout to keep that story suppressed as
long as possible.
 Julian: Hopefully. Yes. As long as luis doesn't know that i slept with
theresa and we coupled in conjugal bliss, i'm safe.
 Luis: Liz, look, i'm sorry, but if we don't leave now, we're not going to
have time to catch our flight. I just can't meet diana, all right? Come on.

 Liz: Bye.
 Sheridan: Guess they're not he, either.
 Liz: Who?
 Sheridan: Brian and I heard this man cry out in deep emotional pain down at
the dks. We went to go see if we could help, but there was no one there.
 Brian: Yeah, we thought he might have come up here.

 Liz: I guess that was our guest from the states. He got some bad news from
home and hightailed it out of here to the airport.
 Sheridan: I hope everything will be ok.
 Liz: I don't know if it will or not. I didn't hear the whole story. But I'm
just sorry that the two of you didn't get to meet. I think it could have change
your whole life.
 Brian: Liz, drop it. You've already got diana's hopes up for nothing.

 Liz: Look, I'm sorry. I -- i really didn't mean to hurt you. I just thought
if there was a chance that there could be some kind of connection, i owed it to
you to try.
 Sheridan: I appreciate your trying to help. But if this man were someone from
my past, we were meant to be together, then we would have met.
 Liz: Sounds like you believe in fate.
 Brian: I do.
 Sheridan: I just think that when two people share true love, nothing can keep
them apart. They'll find each other eventually.
 Brian: Thanks, liz. You had diana in tears earlier because you had her
believing this guy from the states could have been her lost love from the
titanic.
 Liz: Well, I was just -- - now,ait a minute. I think I have a way to make it
up to you for upsetting diana.
 Brian: Oh, yeah? What?
 Liz: The chanceo make your dream come true.

 Ivy: Sam, i'm sorry, but I'm afraid ethan might need you again.

 Sam: Why, ivy? What's going on?
 Ivy: Ethan and theresa are on their way to the house so she and julian can
sign the annulment papers and end their sick farce of a marriage.
 Sam: Hold on a minute. Ethan and theresa are back together?

 Ivy: Yes. I'm afraid it's true. Theresa swore to ethan that she was all out
of secrets, and he believed her. He can't see it, but i am afraid that theresa
is going to ruin his life.
 Sam: Ivy, i've known theresa since the day she was born. She's not a bad
person. It's just that she acts sometimes without thinking things through.

 Ivy: And then lies to cover herself.
 Sam: I'm just glad ethan and theresa worked things out. If she makes him
happy, then we should be happy for him.
 Ivy: But what about ethan going to the mansion? Sam, what if he gets angry or
upset and tries to kill julian again? I would -- i would go myself and keep an
eye on things, but I'm stuck in this damn wheelchair. Please, sam, please. Can't
you go and make sure there's no trouble?
 Sam: Now is not a good time, ivy.
 Ivy: Sam, i cannot have myon arrested for murder. If -- if theresa is hiding
something from ethan -- and i think she is -- then ethan will go crazy when it
comes out. If you can't go and be there as his father, then -- then go &amp; as
Harmony's chief of police and make sure there's no crime.
 Sam: Look, aren't you being overly dramatic?

 Ivy: You saw how ethan was at the hospital. If julian says the wrong thing,
he could snap.
 Sam: Ok. I'll head over there, then.
 Ivy: Thank you, sam. Thank you so much.
 David: Ivy wants you to do something for her. Right, sam?

 Sam: Ivy's worried that ethan will go off on julian again. She wants me to
meet ethan and theresa at the cranes' to keep the peace.
 David: You know, you say that grace is the most important person in your
life. But once again, ivy calls and, without a moment's hesitation, you blow off
your special lunch with grace.
 Sam: Shut up.
 David: Why don't you just admit it, sam? Admit that i'm right? Admit that ivy
is the most important person in your world -- ivy, not grace?
 Brian: Ok, liz. So, what's your great idea?

 Liz: It starts with this.
 Sheridan: The boat we fixed?
 Liz: Yeah. The new guest from the states was supposed to sail it back, but
now he's out of here, so the owner of the boat asked if i knew anyone who was
interested. How about it, brian? -
 Brian: Sure, if you'll be my crew.
 Sheridan: Aye, aye, captain, sir. Oh, just think of it, brian -- the two of
us out on the open sea. What a great adventure this is going to be.
 Brian: It'll be incredible.
 Liz: But you wanted more than an adventure. Right, brian?

 Brian: Liz, this is the turning point of mine and diana's relationship. By
the time we get this baby into home port, she is going to be head over heels in
love with me. And she won't even turn her head to look at another guy.
 Liz: You want her that bad?
 Brian: Oh, yeah. She's the one. I've known it since the first time i laid
eyes on her.
 Liz: Well, the owner left instructions on sailing it back. I'll go get them.


 Brian: Ok. Thanks, liz.
 Liz: See you later, diana.
 Sheridan: Bye, liz.
 Brian: Oh, this is going to be great.
 Sam: Not that it's any of your business, hastings, this is not about ivy.
It's about my son ethan. I'm worried about him. Ethan's on his way over to the
crane mansion so theresa and julian can sign their annulment papers, ending
their marriage. P grace: Well, I'm glad that theresa and ethan are back
together.
 Sam: Yeah, me, too. They have a great love, a strong love. And nothing could
break apart something that solid. Ivy called because she was concerned that
ethan would go off on julian again, given what happened at the hospital. And I
think she's right. I should be there for ethan so he doesn't do anything 'll

 pregret. I'm so sorry that we missed our special lunch today.

 Grace: Yeah, I'm disappointed, but I understand. And ethan's your son. We'll
get together later.
 Sam: Thank you. You sure you're going to be ok?

 Grace: I'm fine.
 David: I've lost count. How many times has ivy taken sam away from you?

 Grace: Ivy hasn't done anything any loving mother wouldn't do.

 David: You know, this is exactly why I've decided to stay in Harmony --
because eventually sam isoing to break your heart --
 grace: You know what? David, you are wrong.

 David: And when he does --
 grace: Sam loves me and only me.
 David: Grace --
 grace: You know what? I am just sick of you cutting down sam.

 David: No, I am --
 grace: Here. Sam, wait.
 David: Damn. I don't care what ivy says, it's bloody impossible to break
those two up.
 [Phone rings]
 david: Yes? What is it?
 Ivy: Is sam gone?
 David: Yes, he just left.
 Ivy: I old you i'd get him out of the way so you could work on grace alone.


 David: Look, this whole charade is a waste of time. Sam and grace are in
love, now and forever. I can't break them up any more than you could.
 Ivy: I didn't ask for your opinion, david.

 David: But it's the truth.
 Ivy: No, it's not. I know how to break up sam and grace for good. Just wait
till you hear the next step in my plan.
 David: Oh, I'm waiting onins and needles.
 Ivy: Spare me the sarcasm. Sam is going to be mine again, and you are going
to make it happen.
 David: Do tell.
 Ivy: Ok, well, first, I'm going to go back to the house and be there when sam
arrives.
 Pilar: Tu no aprende, theresa. Hmm? Telling ethan thatou're not keeping any
other secrets from him, after everything that's happened,as completely sealed
your fate, mija.
 Whitney: Your mother's right, &amp; theresa. I mean, do you not see a pattern
here? You lie, you get caught. You lie, you get caught. And for you to think
that ethan is not going to find out that you slept with julian crane is not only
naive, it's just lain stupid. You have to be honest with ethan this time,
theresa, or there is not going to be a next time.
 Theresa: You know, I appreciate your concern. But I know i did the right
thing. I even feel like luck is on my side. Fate is starting to smile on me
again.
 Whitney: No, laughing at you for being more naive is more like it, theresa.


 Theresa: No. Whitney, lighten up. Things could be a lot worse. Mama, luis is
out of town. If he would have seen this morning's newspaper, he would have gone
ballistic. He would have snapped julian's neck like a chicken. But now when he
gets back, everything will be settled. My marriage to julian will be annulled.
Ethan and I will be husband and wife. And everything will be behind me.
 Whitney: You are dreaming, theresa. You're dreaming.

 Theresa: No, whitney, i know when luis gets back, all he will do is wish me
the best.
 Luis: Wait a minute, beth. What about your boat?

 Beth: Oh. Um -- don't worry. Liz said that she had someone f om the island
that would sail it back to Harmony for me.
 Luis: Oh. Well, that's good.
 Beth: Yeah.
 Luis: I can't wait to get back to Harmony and get my hands on julian crane.


 Luis: Damn cranes. All they do is cause people pain.

 Beth: Easy, luis. God, i'm afraid you're going to give yourself a heart
attack before we even get back to Harmony.
 Luis: Can't help it. No one uses my little sister, especially a scum like
julian crane.
 Beth: You know, I was just wondering, why do you think that diana woman on
the island wanted to talk to you, anyway?
 Luis: I don't know. I mean, liz thought we had some kind of connection. Diana
lost the man she loved, and I lost sheridan.
 Beth: Maybe you could have helped each other.

 Luis: Talking about sheridan isn't going to bring her back. All right?
Nothing will. She's gone. I'm never going to see her face again.
 Sheridan: Wonder where we're sailing to.
 Brian: I don't know, somewhere in the states. Liz went to get the name of the
town and how we're supposed to get there.
 Sheridan: Can't wait to find out.
 Brian: Yeah. Diana, you know, i was thinking about something that you said
earlier.
 Sheridan: Really? What?
 Brian: Well, you said that if you and the guy from the states were supposed
to meet, that you would have met.
 Sheridan: Yeah, I believe that if two people are meant to be together, then
they'll be together.
 Brian: I was hopingou'd say that because i'm starting to think that we're
meant to be together.
 Sheridan: Really?
 Brian: Yeah. I mean, think about it. I rescueou out of the sea.

 Sheridan: Twice.
 Brian: You have these dreams or memories about you and I being on the
titanic. I know that I can convince you that we were meant to be together, if
you'll just give me that chance. I could show you that I'm the only man for you
-- just me and only me.
 Liz: Let's see. Beth wants her boat sailed backo -- Harmony? Harmony. I
wonder if --
 ethan: So, are you ready to go to the mansion, get your marriage to julian
annulled?
 Theresa: I am. Believe me.
 Ethan: Good.
 Theresa: Thank you again for forgiving me, for understanding why I didn't
tell you about julian.
 Ethan: Theresa, look, it's not a question of forgiving you. It's a question
of re-establishing trust in our relationship. Look, if you kept any secrets from
me, we couldn't be together. We could be friends, but I couldn't marry you if
you were still keeping
 psecrets from me.
 Pilar: Why does theresa make things so complicated? Why can't she just make
her life simple, just say the truth and avert disaster?
 Whitney: I don't know. I don't know. Maybe, you know, theresa's &amp; right.
Maybe this ime it will be different. Maybe somehow ethan won't find out that
theresa slept with julian. I don't know.
 Pilar: Oh, no, whitney. The truth always comes out -- trust me. And when it
does, theresa's going to need us more than ever because when ethan finds out,
it'll be the last straw. It will destroy their relationship forever.
 Theresa: Oh, I agree with you. Bui just don't think that anyone will alk. And
if everyone does keep quiet, how would ethan find out that theresa slept with
julian?
 Julian: You know, I can't wait for ethan to get here.

 Harper: How much brandy have you had?
 Julian: No, I'm serious. I feel a kinship with him that i haven't felt since
i found out he wasn't my son.
 Harper: I take it this has to do with ethan's benign acceptance that you and
theresa had slept together?
 Julian: Yes, exactly. Who knows -- maybe we can compare notes on what the
little tamale likes to do in bed.
 Harper: Don't push your luck, julian.
 Julian: Oh, nonsense, harper. Ethan's been most gracious about accepting the
fact that I bedded his bride-to-be, and i plan to tell him so.
 Ivy: I have to get to the mansion before sam does. I'll tell him that i was
too worried about ethan hurting julian to stay away, even though it put my life
at risk. Sam will feel protective towards me just like he used to. I must say,
my plan is coming together rather nicely. Then once I learn what theresa is
hiding, i'll use it to get her out of ethan's life for good. + Lying bitch.
Nobody takes advantage of my son and gets away with it. Hmm. Yep. I bet that
soon, ethan will be safe and i will have all the happiness I ever dreamed of.
Theresa will be history. And sam will be mine.
 Grace: Sam.
 David: I'm sorry, grace, but ivy left me no choice. I have to destroy your
relationship with sam.














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site





















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Tuesday 11/27/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Tuesday 11/27/01
  By Suzanne Lanoue
&nbsp;
 Miguel: I can't believe how
fast your house is going up, jess.
 Reese: Yeah, you guys
should be able to move in before christmas, huh?
 Jessica: I really hope so,
reese.
 Charity: Yeah, wouldn't
that be wonderful?
 Simone: Well, I know it
seems like you guys ve been living at tabitha's forever.
 Jessica: It does. It really
does. We're grateful to tabitha, you know, for letting me and charity and my mom
stay there while our house is being built.
 Charity: Yeah, well, it'll
be really nice to be in our own home. That is for sure.
 Jessica: Will it ever! I
don't know, staying at tabitha's has just been kind of odd.
 Charity: Yes.
 Reese: Well, of course it's
odd. Tabitha's a witch.
 Simone: Oh, reese, come on!
Stop it.
 Reese: Well, it's true! You
got to admit it's creepy in there. And ever since charity's been here, she's
been having bad vibes about evil. I'm telling, that evil -- it's tabitha.

 Miguel: You're way off
base, reese. All right, charity has vibes, but they're not always right. You
know, like she thought she sensed some book that was evil and then it turned out
to be a bible.
 Charity: Yeah, well, I
still don't understand what happened. I'm telling you, i was sure there was a
book that was evil, a book that would destroy us.
 Miguel: Just try to forget
about it, charity. It wasn't evil. It was your aunt grace's bible.
 Jessica: You know what?
Miguel's right. You know, your premonition was wrong.
 Miguel: Just like that one
you keep having about kay trying to break us up.
 Kay: There has to be a
spell in here that's going to help me break up miguel and charity.
 Tabitha: Kay's very smart
to have hidden the book of spells with charity sniffing around.
 Timmy: Yeah, kay pulled out
her mother's bible instead. And poor charity didn't even know what was going on.


 Tabitha: If &quot;poor charity&quot;
had discovered the book of spells, it would have spelled disaster for us, timmy.


 Timmy: Timmy's just worried
that kay will pick out the wrong spell and turn into a panther again.

 Tabitha: Hmm, panther or
worse. I know. I think we're going to have to help kay out a bit.
 Timmy: How?
 Tabitha: Well, when she
puts the book aside, i will pick out the perfect spell and mark it for her so
the next time she picks up the book, the right spell will be staring her in the
face and then -- poof! -- Miguel and charity will be finished.
 Sam: I feel terrible
leaving like this.
 Grace: Look, sam, don't. I
know you need to be there for your son. I know you got to help ethan through
this difficult time.
 Sam: I'm glad you
understand. I know david was doing his best to make you think that i was doing
this for ivy's sake.
 Grace: I know that this has
nothing to do with ivy. I know that you just want to help your son. I don't care
what david says.
 Sam: I'm just glad you
still believe in me.
 Grace: Of course I do. And
I'm going to talk to david later and tell him exactly where i stand, which is
right next to my husband, my true husband. That's you, baby.
 David: Ivy, i've done
everything i can to break them up. Their love for each other is -- it's
unshakable.
 Ivy: No, I don't accept
that. Now I am going to tell you the next step in my plan, and it's going to
work. I'm going to get sam back, and you're going to make it happen.
 David: Your plan is good,
ivy. It may just be the thing that will break sam and grace apart.
 Theresa: I'm so nervous.

 Ethan: Hey, look, theresa,
don't be, all right? I'm sure julian wants this annulment just as much as you
do. And all you have to do is sign the papers and then it's forgotten.

 Theresa: Thank you again
for forgiving me. I mean, marrying julian was a horrible mistake, and I will
make it up to you, ethan, I swear.
 Ethan: Theresa, i love you.
This isn't about forgiving you. This is about re-establishing trust in a
relationship.
 Theresa: I know. It's the
most important thing to you, that marriage be based on trust.
 Ethan: Right, it is, and I
believe you if you tell me there are no more secrets, because if there were, you
know, I couldn't marry you. The relationship would be over.
 Whitney: Are you all right,
mrs. Lopez fitzgerald?
 Pilar: Yeah, whitney. I'm
just nervous f theresa. You know, I want to be here in case anything goes wrong.


 Whitney: I know you're
scared it's going to come out that theresa has slept with julian.
 Pilar: My God, so many
lives would be destroyed if it does come out.
 Whitney: You know, I
actually think her secret is going to be safe. I mean, who's going to tell ethan?


 Harper: You were definitely
born under a lucky star, julian.
 Julian: You know, I think
you're right, harper. I can't get over how well ethan's taking the news that
theresa and I consummated our marriage, and he's actually forgiven her?

 Harper: It's amazing. You
know, he almost killed you when he found out you had married her. Why is he so
accepting that she slept with you?
 Julian: I don't know. I
guess the little tamale has very impressive powers of persuasion. Although i
must say, I don't think that i would be able to forgive her if the situation
were reversed.
 Harper: Isn't that a bit of
a double standard?
 Julian: Well, absolutely,
but a man is allowed his dalliances, but the woman he marries must remain
faithful. Ethan has always been such a straight arrow, so moral and full of
honor. I'm just amazed that he's being so open minded about this.
 Harper: It's baffling, to
be sure.
 Julian: So it is. You know,
I'm going to ask ethan when he gets here why he accepted this so calmly, how it
is that he was able to come to terms so easily with the fact that i -- I slept
with his future wife. Hmm.
 [Captioning made possible
by the national broadcasting company]
 ethan: Mother. I didn't
think you were supposed to be released from the hospital till later today. I
told you that I'd pick you up.
 Ivy: I had the hospital car
service bring me home. I couldn't stay there another minute. Besides, i wanted
to be here when you when theresa and julian sign the annulment papers.

 Ethan: Well, I appreciate
it, mother, but it's not necessary.
 Ivy: Don't be so sure. I
know she's still keeping something from you, ethan.
 Ethan: Mother, please.

 Ivy: Your father's on his
way over, too.
 Ethan: Sam? Why is he
coming here?
 Ivy: To support his son, of
course.
 Ethan: You're afraid i'm
going to attack julian again, aren't you? Look, mother, don't worry. I have my
anger under control, I promise.
 Ivy: Are you sure?

 Ethan: Yes, absolutely.
Look, I hate julian for what he did to theresa, but i'm not going to kill him,
unless i found out he did something else to theresa.
 Ivy: Well, who knows what
could happen?
 Maid: Oh, mrs. Crane,
welcome.
 Ivy: Excuse me, but as far
as i know, i am still the only mrs. Crane here.
 Maid: But the newspaper
said that pilar's daughter was married to --
 ivy: I don't give a damn
what the newspaper says! I am still the only mrs. Crane in this house! Now, get
out of my way!
 Theresa: Thank you.

 Maid: Oh, mrs. Crane. Let
me help you.
 Theresa: Thank you.

 Man: May I take your coat,
mrs. Crane?
 Theresa: Please.

 Ma did madam have a good
day shopping?
 Theresa: Madam had a
wonderful day. Thank you. Ok.
 Whitney: Theresa, what's
the matter with you? Come on.
 Theresa: Oh. Did you hear
her? I mean, she called me mrs. Crane.
 Whitney: I heard her,
theresa. She made a mistake. So what? Let's go.
 Theresa: But, you know,
I've always dreamed about being called mrs. Crane. But as ethan's wife, not
julian's.
 Whitney: Look, theresa, you
better pull yourself together. Stay in the here-and-now unless you want to risk
losing ethan forever.
 Theresa: No, don't say
that, ok? I mean, ethan forgave me, and we're going to be married, and we are
going to spend the rest of our lives together.
 Whitney: I still think that
you're playing with fire by not telling ethan the whole truth -- that you slept
with julian. If ethan finds out now, it could be the end of everything for you.


 Julian: Yes, I'm going to
do it. I'm just going to take ethan aside and ask him how it is that he was able
to accept the fact that i had a delightful romp between the sheets with theresa.


 Harper: You may want to
phrase that a little more delicately.
 Julian: Oh, yes. I suppose
you're right. But I'm just curious, that's all. As i said before, I expected
ethan to go berserk, considering the way he reacts to hearing about my marriage
to theresa -- packing a bag to get out of the country. He was taking it all in
stride.
 Harper: You still have to
face the wrath of her brother when he finds out.
 Julian: Oh, yes. Well, I
suppose it's too much to hope for that luis will be as understanding as ethan.
Yeah, you're wrong. I'm not that lucky. Well, at least i don't have to run from
ethan. I think he's achieved a high level of sophistication. He's much more
broad minded than he used to be. Well, whatever it is, I'm grateful. Oh, no.


 Harper: What is it?

 Julian: You don't suppo--
are -- are you sure that ethan knows that i slept with theresa? Is there any
chance he didn't find out?
 [Door opens]
 kay: Hi, guys. Hey, did you
get the snacks?
 Jessica: Well, we're not
going to die of starvation while we plan charity's birthday party.
 Kay: Great!
 Jessica: Hey, tabitha, do
you want a soda? We got plenty of junk from the b&amp;b.
 Tabitha: Oh, no. I don't
want to intrude. Just pretend i'm not here. I'm on my way to my knitting.

 Simone: So, kay, why don't
you help us plan the birthday party.
 Tabitha: Now's our chance,
timmy. We'll snag the spell book, find the perfect spell, mark it, then when kay
reads it, it'll be finito for charity and miguel.
 Timmy: Uh-oh. Timmy thinks
there's a glitch in tabby's plan.
 Tabitha: What do you mean,
a glitch?
 Oh, no! Oh, no, the book.
Oh, we can't let anyone see it.
 Miguel: What do you think
of this?
 Charity: Hmm.
 Jessica: I think we're not
going to do --
 kay's voice: Oh, no.

 Oh.
 Charity: There it is again.

 Miguel: What?
 Charity: Miguel, I know
you're going to think it sounds crazy, but i'm sorry. I feel the evil again. The
evil book is here. And it's a threat to us. I'm not imagining it! It's here! The
evil is here!
 Tabitha: Oh. We have to do
something, timmy, and fast.
 grace: I'm so excited.
It'll be so wonderful to have our own place again.
 Sam: You can say that
again.
 Grace: You know, I have an
idea. Instead of going out to dinner tonight, why don't we start painting our
new bedroom?
 Sam: Ooh. Tonight?

 Grace: Yeah. I mean, you
know, if we do some of the work ourselves, it'll be done sooner and we'll be in
there before you know it.
 Sam: So do you want to
start painting the bedroom tonight?
 Grace: Yeah, I do. You
know, sam, our house isn't just a roof over our heads. It's a safe place, like
the walls of a castle. And after everything that our family has been through, we
really need that safe place.
 Sam: You're right.
Everything will be better when we move in our own home. But for now, we have to
hold on to the love we have as a family. The strength of that love is what will
hold us together. And we're not going to let anything come between us.

 Grace: Uh-uh.
 Tabitha: Oh, timmy! Timmy!
We have to do something! If charity finds that book in my house, ross will be
able to prove that I'm a witch, and then those brats will destroy the book and
kay will never be able to come between charity and miguel.
 Timmy: And if charity and
miguel make love, timmy and tabby are doomed.
 Tabitha: Exactly!

 Timmy: What will timmy and
tabby do?
 Tabitha:H. Oh, I don't
know, timmy. But whatever it is, we're going to have to do it fast.
 Charity: I'm not crazy,
miguel. It's here. It's in the room, and it's going to destroy us.
 Ethan: Well, I finally got
mother all settled in, but I left my briefcase in the car, so i'll be right
back.
 Theresa: Ok.
 [Theresa sighs]
 theresa: Whitney -- no. You
are just going to have to believe that the truth about my sleeping with julian
is not going to come out. Ok, julian knows that ethan would kill him, so he's
not going to say anything and you're not going to say anything and mama's not
going to say anything and i am certainly not going to say anything.
 Whitney: But you should,
theresa. I mean, have you not learned anything yet? Secrets always have a way of
getting out, end of story.
 Theresa: No, no, I am going
to sign the annulment papers and put this whole mess behind me. And then i'm
going to marry ethan, the man that I love, and we are going to spend the rest of
our lives together.
 Whitney: You know, that is
just a beautiful dream, theresa, and i really hope it comes true. But there's --


 theresa: What?
 Whitney: Julian knows,
theresa, and what if it accidentally slips out? Or what if he doesn't know that
it's still a secret and brings it up to ethan?
 Theresa: Oh, my God. I
didn't think about that. I've got to do something. I've got to get to julian
before he talks to ethan.
 Pilar: I'll be so glad when
this is all over with.
 Ivy: This is far from over,
pilar, and you know it.
 Pilar: What do you mean?

 Ivy: Theresa is still
hiding something. I know it. And I saw the look between you and whitney, and i
know that you're covering for theresa.
 Pilar: Ivy, look, this has
been very painful for everyone involved.
 Ivy: Especially my son. I
know you're not going to tell me anything. You're going to protect your
daughter. Well, I am going to protect my son. So it's my job to uncover whatever
it is that theresa's hiding, and uncover it i will. You can bet on it.

 Julian: Now, you're
absolutely sure that ethan knows theresa slept with me?
 Harper: I'm sure ethan said
he and theresa talked it through and that she said there were no more secrets
between them.
 Julian: You're positive he
knows everything?
 Harper: Ethan said
everything was out in the open and that she wasn't keeping anything from him.
What else could he have meant?
 Julian: Good. Thank God.
Oh, it means there's nothing to worry about. Ethan knows the truth and he's
apparently come to terms with the fact that i slept with his fiancee. We can
talk about it openly like grown, mature men.
 Theresa: I have got to get
to julian before he signs the annulment papers. I've got to make sure that he
knows not to say anything about us sleeping together.
 Whitney: Well, how are you
going to do that, theresa? What are you going to tell ethan?
 Theresa: Uh -- you stall
him. Tell him that I -- i went to the -- the powder room. Oh, excuse me. Hi.
Where's mr. Crane?
 Maid: Your husband is up in
his -- I mean, your bedroom.
 Theresa: Oh, thank you. I
just need to get to him right away.
 Ethan: Theresa, where are
you going? We're meeting in the library. Why are you going upstairs?
 Theresa: Oh -- I was just
going to go
 the powder room.

 Ethan: Well, why don't you
just use one of the powder rooms down here?
 Theresa: Down here? Right.
I -- i didn't think of that. Of course I'll use one of the downstairs powder
rooms.
 Ethan: Well, I guess I'll
meet you in the library then and we can sign these papers and get on with our
lives.
 Theresa: Ok. I've got to
get to julian right away. I'll sneak up the back stairs.
 Ivy: Pilar, you know me
very well, and you know I don't give up on things easily.
 Pilar: Yes, I do know that
about you.
 Ivy: So you know that i'm
not going to give up until i uncover whatever it is that theresa's hiding from
ethan and expose her for the liar that she is.
 Pilar: Why do you hate her
so much? I know she's made mistakes, but you can't deny that she loves ethan.
She loves him with her whole heart. She would move heaven and earth to be with
him. He is her whole life. Don't you want that kind of love for your son?

 Ivy: Love isn't enough.

 Pilar: Why, ivy? Because it
wasn't enough for you?
 Ivy: Wh?
 Pilar: You always talk
about how much you loved sam. But it wasn't enough to leave julian all those
years ago, was it? You stayed in this loveless marriage so that you could enjoy
the wealth and prestige of being mrs. Julian crane. And you still can't give it
up. Now, love might not have been enough for you, but for most people, it's the
most important thing in the world.
 Ivy: You have no idea what
you're talking about. I have never stopped loving sam. I have always loved him,
and I always will! I will never give up on sam!
 Sam: What the hell are you
up to now, ivy?
 Simone: Kay, what's wrong?
You look scared to death.
 Kay: Nothing. I'm fine.

 Tabitha: Timmy, we have to
act now before charity sees the book.
 Charity: It's here, miguel.
It's -- it's here.
 Miguel: Charity, it's all
right. There's nothing here that can hurt us. Now, the book of evil was just
your aunt grace's bible, remember?
 Charity: No, miguel.
Something's wrong. That book was not aunt grace's bible when i felt the evil. It
was something else, something different, an evil book. Miguel, I'm just scared.
It's right there!
 singer: You are my passion
for life
 miguel: It's your aunt
grace's bible again, charity. There's nothing evil about it.
 Charity: Oh. I was so sure,
miguel. I don't --
 kay's voice: Where did it
go?
 Simone: What is wrong, kay?
What are you looking for?
 Kay: Nothing. I'm just
wondering what she's flipping out about, that's all.
 Charity: I don't
understand. The book i saw was a different book. It was an evil book.

 Miguel: Charity, i don't
know what you're so upset about, but this book isn't evil. Why don't we just get
back to planning your birthday party, ok?
 Reese: Come on, we'll
figure out what kind of food we want.
 Jessica: Yeah, you know,
and the music and costumes.
 Reese: I was thinking
something spicy.
 Timmy: Timmy's impressed.
Timmy's never seen his princess move that fast -- like lightning.
 Tabitha: Hmm.
 Timmy: And having timmy put
the bible on the desk -- that was inspired.
 Tabitha: Hmm. I may be an
old bird, timmy, but i've still got what it takes when I need it. Now, let's see
what we can find. Oh. We need the spell. We need to find the right spell and
then mark it, hide the book back in its hiding place, and then when kay finds
it, she'll be able to cast the spell.
 Timmy: And charity and
miguel will be finito?
 Tabitha: Hmm-hmm! Yes,
timmy -- finito! Finished forever.
 Miguel: This could be
really cool. What do you guys think?
 Jessica: No more island
themes, no.
 Reese: Yeah, we didn't have
very good luck with our last island.
 Jessica: We've all put our
opinions in. What do you want to do?
 [Noise]
 grace: Hello? I thought
you'd all gone home for the -- david.
 David: Hello, grace.

 Grace: What are you doing?

 David: I'm painting.

 Grace: Well, yeah, but why?

 David: Well, I helped with
the construction. I thought I'd help with the painting, get things finished for
you.
 Grace: Well, that's --
that's very nice of you.
 David: I know that your
house is something that you see as your only safe place, so i want you to have
the security.
 Grace: Thanks. I -- i don't
know what to say.
 David: There's nothing to
say. I love you. I want you to be happy.
 Grace: David --
 david: Listen, before you
say anything, I know that sam feels that he gets mixed messages from me, that he
thinks I have some sort of ulterior motive. But I hope you don't feel the same
way. I hope you know that i just want whatever is best for you.
 Sam: I heard what you said
to pilar. Now, did you call me over here because of ethan, or is this another
one of your schemes to try to rekindle our past?
 Ivy: I'm not going to lie
to you, sam. I meant what i said about loving you still. I will always love you.
But I'm not up to anything. I know that there's no future between us. I've
accepted that. But it doesn't change the way i feel about you.
 Sam: So you really are
worried about ethan?
 Ivy: Yes. That's the only
reason i asked you to come over here. Today is the first time ethan will see
julian since he found out that julian and theresa were married, and you saw him
at the hospital. He nearly killed julian.
 Sam: He was furio, d
rightfully so.
 Ivy: And you were the only
one who could keep him from doing serious harm to julian. That's why i wanted
you here -- in case something else happens.
 Sam: Like what? What do you
expect to happen?
 Ivy: I'm convinced that
theresa is lying to ethan.
 Sam: About what?

 Ivy: I don't know. But I am
afraid that if the secret comes out ethan could go crazy again.
 Sam: And that's the only
reason you wanted me here?
 Ivy: Yes -- to help your
son if he needs it. I'm not trying to rekindle anything between us, sam. Please.
How could I possibly undermine you and grace from this wheelchair? Spray.

 Ivy: You have made it very
clear that you don't love me, that you love grace, and that you always will. But
I can't help it if i still love you. But I know when to give up. I just, you
know -- I wish you would believe me when i tell you that I have.
 Sam: Look, I'm sorry I
jumped to conclusions. It was just that i've been on edge lately, david hastings
coming into town, saying he's grace's husband, trying to come between us.

 Ivy: I know.
 Sam: I do believe you, that
you're not still trying to come between grace and me. I'm sorry. Look, just
don't cry.
 Pilar: You liar.

 David: I hope you know that
i don't have any hidden agenda, grace. I mean, it's no secret that i still love
you and i want you back as my wife.
 Grace: Well, you've been
very upfront about that, david.
 David: Well, I also want
you to know that i've given up on that. I know that you'll never leave sam.


 Grace: You see, sam still
feels that you're a threat to our marriage and he doesn't see yet that you're
not.
 David: I'm -- i'm really
not.
 Grace: Well, you know, I
don't want to hurt your feelings, but i have to be honest. I don't love you.


 [David sighs]
 david: Well, I -- no. No.
Nothing.
 Grace: No, what? What were
you going to say?
 David: No, no. You'll just
think that i'm trying to --
 grace: No, I want to hear
it.
 David: No, you'll think i'm
trying to undermine sam, and --
 grace: I want to know what
you're going to say.
 David: All right. Look, you
say that you don't love me, and i understand and I accept that even though --
even though it hurts me deeply. But like i said, I want what you want. You have
amnesia. You don't remember our life, our marriage, or what we once had
together, so of course you don't see me as a threat.
 Grace: No, I don'T.

 David: Well, sam sees me as
a threat because he's coming from a very different place. Sam sees me as a
threat because he knows how he still feels about someone in his past.

 Grace: You're talking about
ivy.
 David: Yes. Sam still has
feelings for ivy.
 Grace: No. He doesn't.

 David: Yes, he does. Sam
loves ivy. And I'm afraid of what that's going to do to you someday.
 Grace: Well, david, I think
you should just keep your fears to yourself because sam loves me and he's not
going to let ivy or anybody else come between us.
 David: I hope you're right,
grace. And I hope that you're happy with sam. But I'm -- I'm sorry. I still have
my doubts.
 Theresa: Mr. Crane? Julian!
Mr. Crane, it's theresa. We have to talk before you go downstairs to sign the
annulment papers. It's urgent! Listen, ethan can never find out that we -- you
know, we actually -- well, we slept together, ok? You have to promise not to let
anything slip no matter what. Ok, if ethan found out the truth, he -- he would
go crazy and I would lose him forever and I'm afraid that he'd be so angry that
he wouldn't be able to stop himself. I'm afraid that he would kill you, julian!
Oh!
 Ethan: Hmm. I need a paper
clip or a stapler.
 Sam: Here. Here.

 Ivy: Oh.
 Sam: Ahem. Where is
everyone?
 Ivy: Julian should be in
soon. They're meeting in the library.
 Sam: Well, I'm going to
call grace. I'll be in the foyer till you need me.
 Pilar: You are such a liar.

 Ivy: And you are such a
hypocrite. Oh, it's all fine and dandy for your daughter to lie through her
teeth, to deceive my son about everything.
 Pilar: If anyone is a
hypocrite, it's you. You attack my daughter because she's keeping secrets. But
you are the queen of deception. You have no intention of giving up on sam.
Please. You're still plotting to take him away from grace.
 Ivy: That's not true.

 Pilar: Really? I saw the
smile on your face, ivy. You say that theresa's lies have hurt ethan. But yet
you say nothing about the pain that your lies have caused sam and grace. You
attack my daughter because you see yourself in her, don't you?
 Ivy: Oh, certainly not.

 Pilar: Don't condemn
theresa because what you have done is far worse than anything she's ever done.


 Grace: So, sam, how's
everything going over there?
 Sam: So far, so good.

 Grace: So ethan's ok?

 Sam: Well, I haven't seen
him yet. But as soon as the annulment papers are signed and I make sure ethan's
ok, I'm coming home.
 Grace: Good.
 Sam: How are things over
there?
 Grace: Fine. Um -- I talked
to david, and he accepts that I love you and that i'm committed to our marriage.


 Sam: Well, you think he
believed you and he'll finally back off?
 Grace: Yeah, I think so. I
mean, he says he just wants me to be happy.
 Sam: That's funny. Ivy said
the same thing, said that she's over trying to break us up.
 Grace: God. That's a
relief. You know, sam, i think -- I think everything's beginning to turn for us,
don't you?
 Sam: Yeah. I do.

 Grace: Well, pretty soon
we'll be moving into our new house and moving on with our lives.
 David: Yeah, I know i
promised i'd be there. Look, I'm on a -- I'm on a major photo assignment right
now, ok? How long? A lot longer than I planned. Yeah -- no, no, no, no. I'm not
even in the country right now.
 Timmy: Hold it, princess.
Timmy thinks he found the perfect one, nice and short.
 Tabitha: Oh, which one?

 Timmy: &quot;New life, new
strife, a newborn destroys everyone's life!&quot;
 Tabitha: Oh --
 oh, no, timmy!
 No, not that one!

 Timmy: What? What did timmy
do?
 Charity: Ah!
 Miguel: Charity --

 jessica: Oh, my God!

 Charity: Ah!
 Miguel: Charity, what's
wrong? Hey.
 Charity: Ah!
 Reese: Did she eat too many
chips?
 Jessica: Have some water.
Here, here, honey.
 [Charity gags]
 simone: Be quiet! She's in
some serious pain!
 Kay's voice: Now what?
What's the loony tune up to now?
 Jessica: Can I get you
anything?
 Charity: Oh! Uh-uh.

 Tabitha: That's what you've
done.
 Charity: Ah!
 Miguel: Tell me what's
wrong.
 Tabitha: You've opened up
the door for charity to have more premonitions, to see even more of the future.


 Timmy: Timmy doesn't
understand.
 Tabitha: Oh. Oh, you're
going to understand soon enough, timmy. I'm afraid we're both going to
understand soon enough.
 Charity: Ah!
 Miguel: Tell me what's
wrong. You ok?
 Charity: Ah!
 Theresa: Julian, can you
hear me? This is important! Under no circumstances can ethan ever find out that
we slept together. Do you understand? It would be disastrous if he did. Oh, I'm
just glad that i found you before you talked to ethan so you could be warned not
to let anything slip. Oh, I hate to think what could have happened!
 [Julian whistles]

 julian: Ethan. No one told
me you were here.
 Ethan: Well, I -- I'm here
to see you sign the annulment papers when theresa comes back. Where's harper?


 Julian: Uh -- he'll be down
shortly. Well, I must say, I'm relieved to see that you're in a better frame of
mind.
 Ethan: What makes you think
i am?
 Julian: Well, all I'm
saying is that I -- i understand your anger completely. I'm just happy to see
that you're not going to kill me today. You're not, are you?
 Ethan: No, not that i
forgive you for the way you took advantage of theresa. In fact, i feel like i
should tear you apart for what you've done, but i realize i'd only be hurting
myself.
 Julian: Oh, well, very --
very wise.
 Ethan: And I also recognize
that you are who you are. You're the same man I grew up with. It's in your
nature.
 Julian: Well, be that as it
may, i -- I think you're being very mature about this.
 Ethan: No, I'm accepting it
because I love theresa. Now, she told me everything that happened between you
two, and no more secrets between us. Look, I just want us to move on.

 Julian: Well, as i said,
very mature, very broad minded. I have to hand it to you, ethan. You've always
been such a stickler about the morality of things, i'm a little surprised that
you're taking this so well, much better than i myself might.
 Ethan: You? What are you
talking about?
 Julian: I'm talking about
all of it -- i mean, everything that happened between theresa and me.













  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;
















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Wednesday 11/28/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;

Wednesday 11/28/01
 Provided by
 Suzanne  Miguel:
Charity?
Reese: What's wrong with her?
Simone: We got to do something.
[Charity groans] -
Tabitha: Now look what you've done. You cast the wrong spell, Timmy.
Charity: Ow!
Timmy: &quot;New life, new strife. A newborn destroys everyone's life.&quot;
Tabitha: Oh -- oh, no, Timmy, no. Not that one.
Timmy: What? What'd Timmy do?
[Charity groans]
Tabitha: By using the wrong spell, you've opened the door for Charity to have
more premonitions to see even more of the future.
Reese: You know, she's probably just got one of those 24-hour flus.
Miguel: What is it, Charity?
Charity: I don't know, I don't know. It's getting worse.
[Charity moans]
Timmy: Why is Charity in pain?
Tabitha: Oh, Timmy, lad, you've put something in motion here that's going to
turn this whole town upside down.
Timmy: Well, isn't there any way to stop the spell?
Tabitha: I don't think so. Once a spell has been cast, it's very, very
difficult to reverse it.
[Charity groans]
Sam: Can't wait for us to move into our new house, have our own bedroom
again.
Grace: Neither can I. But tell me more about your conversation with Ivy.
Sam: It was good. She wasn't happy about it, but I think she's come to terms
with the fact that you and I love each other very much. There's nothing that's
ever going to separate us.
Grace: It's just like with David. I told him that I don't love him, that I
love you, and that he's just going to have to accept that.
Sam: Good. We have a wonderful life to look forward to, Grace.
Grace: In our wonderful new house. When are you going to get here?
Sam: Soon. I love you.
Grace: I love you, too, Sam.
David: Look, like I said, I'm on assignment right now. I'm not even in the
country. I'm going to have to call you back when I get to the states. All right,
bye. Hi, Jessica.
Jessica: Why'd you lie and say you were out of the country?

David: I'm sorry?
Jessica: Do you always lie?
David: Why do you say that?
Jessica: You know, I thought you were lying the other day.

David: The other day?
Jessica: When I walked in and just caught you looking at my mom and dad through
your camera, listening to them with headphones.
David: Spying? You're not serious?
Jessica: Your camera is pointed right into Tabitha's living room. You know,
and I can hear everything that my parents are saying on your headphones.
David: You're kidding?
Jessica: No, I'm not.
David: Let me take a look. I'll be damned. Well, the tripod must have shifted
when you startled me. I was actually taking some pictures of the construction site for your mother. She wanted some before-and-after photographs of the new
house.
Jessica: Are you going to lie to me again, David, or are you going to explain
to me why you were just lying o somebody else?
Pilar: You accuse my daughter of evil things, and you just lied a moment ago
when you said You weren't after Sam anymore.
Ivy: I'm not.
Pilar: Liar.
Ivy: Your daughter is the liar.
Pilar: My daughter is a young girl in love, not out to harm a soul.
Ivy: Please.
Pilar: While you -- you are a liar who's out to harm Grace, and you will stop
at nothing to break up her marriage and get Sam.
Ivy: Well, Sam loved me once just as much, and he will love me again once
Grace is out of his life. So you get her away from him, or I'm going to use what
I have on you to make you wish you'd never been born. There is only one liar
among us, Pilar, and it's your daughter Theresa. And I won't stop until I prove
it.
Theresa: I am so glad that I d a chance to talk to you before you talked to
Ethan. I mean, he doesn't know anything that happened between us in Bermuda. I
mean, about you and I sleeping together. I have kept it a secret, Mr. Crane. I
mean, if Ethan found out the truth, well, he would kill you and he'd never speak to me again. So you
can't say anything, ok? Not one word. Do you understand? Um -- Mr. Harper.
Harper: Theresa.
Theresa: Where's Julian? Is he in the bathroom?
Harper: No, just me.
Theresa: Oh, my God. Don't tell me he's gone downstairs.

Julian: I must say I'm very impressed, Ethan.
Ethan: By what?
Julian: Well, you've matured a lo recently. Of course, it would be inaccurate
for me to say you were a chip off the old block.
Ethan: Not your block, that's for certain.

Julian: Well, nonetheless, I'm proud of you.

Whitney: Ethan and Julian appear to getting along just fine. I guess Theresa
got to Julian and told him not to tell Ethan that they slept together.
Ethan: Proud of me? Why?
Julian: Well, for one thing, as I said, you're much more broad-minded. You
used to be so morally principled about everything, so, shall we say, bourgeois in your attitude toward life -- much like your future brother-in-law
Luis.
I'm told he's out of town for a while.

Ethan: Yes, he is.
Julian: Ah. Thank God for that. Luis is not as flexible as you are. When he
finds out what I did to Theresa, God only knows -- what is it, sweet Theresa?

Theresa: Don't touch me. What are we doing in bed with each other?

Julian: Well, making love, of course.
Theresa: No!
Julian: So I will leave it to you to explain things to Luis.
Ethan: Explain things?
Woman: Ladies and gentlemen, we are beginning our descent into Harmony.
Please make sure your seat belt is fastened and your seat is in the upright
position.
Beth: I hate seeing you like this, Luis.
Luis: Like what?
Beth: So wound up, angry. I mean, I'm starting to think I just -- I made a
mistake coming down to the islands and getting you to come home.
Luis: You think that I would've stayed down there Beth, you did the right
thing, all right? Julian Crane is going to pay for what he did. Getting my
sister drunk so that he can marry her? I'm going to kill him.
Theresa: Could Julian be in another bathroom down the hall?
Harper: I really couldn't say.
Theresa: On the phone? On a long drive?
Harper: I don't know where Julian is, but I doubt he went on drive. The wet
bar would be more like it. I imagine he's down there pouring himself a stiff
ink, and I don't blame him because God only knows what Luis will do when he sees
him.
Theresa: No. No, no, no, no, no. That's not going to happen. It's all going to
work out!
Harper: Oh, I left my ring in the bathroom.

Theresa: I've got to get to Julian. I've got to make sure --
Harper: Well, at least Ethan will be sitting this one out. He's come to terms with you and
Julian
sleeping together.
Theresa: What are you talking about? No, no, no, Ethan knows nothing! Oh, my
God. I've got to get to Julian before he talks to Ethan. Oh!
Whitney: You're still here. Good.
Theresa: What happened?
Whitney: Ok, I just wanted to make sure that you did tell Julian not to tell
Ethan that you two slept together.
Theresa: No, no, no, I --
Whitney: What do you mean, no? I just saw them talking in the library.
Theresa: Who, Ethan and Julian?
Whitney: You've got to get down there. Go. Run! You got to tell Julian --
Theresa: Ow!
Whitney: What? What happened? What's wrong?

Theresa: I don't know. Whitney, I'm going to be sick.
Whitney: Ok, ok, it's probably from all the tension. Just relax.
Theresa: No, no. I don't know what this is. I've never felt like this before.
[Charity groans]
Miguel: Are you feeling any better?
Charity: A little. The pain in my stomach is not as bad.
Miguel: You want me to get you some water or something?
Charity: Miguel -- Miguel, when I first started feeling the pain, I saw a
baby. Miguel, this baby -- it's destroying people's lives.
Simone: Are you saying that you had another premonition?

Charity: Yeah.
Miguel: But how can a baby destroy people's lives?

Simone: I don't know what's going on, Kay, but I got the feeling that Charity's premonition has to do with you wanting to seduce
Miguel and getting
pregnant with his child. If you go through with this plan --
Kay: Simone --
Simone: Your baby is going to --
Kay: Simone- I love Miguel, ok? And if I have to get pregnant to be with him,
then so be it. And Charity's having these premonitions, so that means it's all
going to come true. I am going to have Miguel, and I'm going to have his baby.
Tabitha: Kay is rather charmless, but you have to admire her determination.
She's a girl after my own heart.
Timmy: Timmy still doesn't understand what's going on.

Tabitha: Charity is having labor pains.
[Charity moans]
Timmy: Charity's premonitions is about having a baby?
Tabitha: Shh. - Yes. But it's not Charity's. It's someone else's baby.
Timmy: Whose by? Who's pregnant?
[Charity moans]
Jessica: You're not saying anything, David.
David: What's to say?
Jessica: Why were you lying on the phone just now?

David: Where are you manners, Jessica? Don't you know it's impolite to eavesdrop
on your elders? Especially your stepfather.
Jessica: I don't know who you are. All I know is that you just showed up one
day. And I think you were spying the other day on my parents.
David: I explained that. I was taking pictures of the construction site of the
new house to give to your mother as a memento.
Jessica: You had head hones on.
David: I explained hat, too. I often use a headset to get a feel for the
atmosphere I'm shooting. Jessica, I 's not spying on your parents.
Grace: Hey, jess. What's wrong, sweetheart? What's going on?
Jessica: When I came in the room just now, I caught David lying on the phone
to someone, saying he was out of the count On an assignment.
David: Your daughter's right, Grace. I was lying. I just needed a good excuse
to get out of the overseas assignment I told you about, and I didn't want to
have to explain why I was still in Harmony and hadn't left yet. So I told a little
white lie and I'm sorry if it upset you.
Jessica: I still don' believe you.
Grace: Jessica, you don't need to talk to David like that.
David: Oh, it's ok. It's not a problem.
Jessica: Oh, really? Because it just seemed to be a problem a minute ago.

Charity: Oh!
Grace: That sounded like Charity.
Jessica: I think it's coming from Tabitha's house.
Grace: We should go.
Jessica: All right.
Pilar: You watch your tongue when you talk about my daughter.
Ivy: I am looking out for my son. His life means everything to me, and I will
not let Theresa ruin it.
Sam: You're wrong about Theresa.
Ivy: Sam.
Sam: From what I can tell, Ethan and Theresa love each other very much, and
that's good enough for me.
Ivy: You don't know Theresa like do. She is full of deceit and lies.
Pilar: I warn you, Ivy.
Ivy: She will hurt Ethan again. I know it.
Sam: Ok, so she's impulsive sometimes, but her intentions are always good.
Pilar: Always.
Sam: And I've known Theresa since she was a baby. Now, she's a good person
with a good heart.
Ivy: Well, you'll see that I'm right. When the truth comes out, you'll feel the
same way about Theresa that I do. I just hope it's not too late.
Sam: I believe Ethan is wise enough to know what's good for him. But I didn't
come here to tell Ethan and Theresa what to do. I came here to make sure Ethan
didn't lose his temper and go after Julian again. And he seems fine and everything - seems to be under
control, So I'm going home.
Ivy: No, wait, Sam! You can't leave.
Lease. Ethan's future -- it's at stake. You have to save him from a
disastrous
marriage.
Ethan: I'm not sure I follow you, Julian. You said I used o be morally
principled and bourgeois and now I'm not? What are you getting at?
Julian: All I'm saying is that everything with you used to be so black or
white, right or wrong, you know? No in between. No, shall we say, understanding
among men.
Ethan: God, Julian, how any drinks have you had?
Julian: What? Oh, this is my first. Oh, don't tell me you have a rule about
how many cocktails a man may have before dinner.
Ethan: I don't care how many drinks you have before breakfast, all right? I
just want to make one thing clear. You are not my father anymore, and I am
neither for giving nor forgetting what you did to Theresa.
Julian: Yes, but you're nothing like Luis, ready to kill, you know? You
understand that these things happen.
Ethan: What, to get Theresa drunk and then marry her? What you did was the
lowest of lows, Julian.
Julian: I don't want to argue with you, but I d not force her to drink. I
didn't pour it down her throat.
Ethan: Damn it, Julian, you got Theresa drunk, and she's an innocent.
Julian: Look, if you think I got he drunk just so I could -- you know --
Ethan: So you could what?
Julian: Um --
[Theresa moans]
Whitney: Ok --
Theresa: Whitney, it hurts.
Whitney: Ok, just relax. Relax. Take a big, breath.
Theresa: Ok.
Whitney: Try to relax.
Theresa: Ok. It's easing off a little.
Whitney: Listen to me. As soon as you're feeling better, you have to run --
don't walk -- and stop Julian from telling Ethan that you two slept together.
Theresa: Oh, gosh --
Harper: You mean Ethan doesn't know?
Theresa: No! No.
Harper: Oh. This is going from bad to worse.

Theresa: Oh, my God. Ethan's never going to forgive me.

Whitney: Shh, shh, shh.
[Charity moans]
Simone: Re.
Miguel: Thanks.
Tabitha: This is a dangerous situation for us, Timmy. If Charity sees too far
into the future, she's liable to see you hand in everything. Here, lad. Here. You try
and find the right spell to undo the one you just cast -- and make it quick.
What seems to be wrong with Charity, Miguel?
Miguel: I'm not sure.
Tabitha: Perhaps I should have a look at the poor little thing.

Reese: I wouldn't let that witch anywhere near my girl.

Miguel: Could you just give It a rest, Reese?
Grace: What happened?
Jessica: We heard a scream.
Grace: Charity? What's wrong, sweetheart?
Charity: I just started to feel these sharp pains in my stomach.
Grace: Pains? They're sharp pains?
Charity: Yeah, and they're really intense, and then --
Tabitha: It could be appendicitis.
Grace: Are the pains localize or are they off tone side?
Charity: No, they're not. They're all over here, aunt Grace.
Grace: Really? Well, it almost sounds like it could be, I mean, labor pains,
but it couldn't be --
Miguel: That's impossible.
Charity: No. No. We've never --
Kay: I'll be Miguel's first.
Grace: I wonder what this could be?
Timmy: All Timmy knows is that he has got to find the spell to undo this one or
he's in big trouble.
[Theresa groans]
Theresa: My stomach -- it hurts, Whitney. I got to get up. I got to go
downstairs.
Harper: Ethan told me you two had no secrets.

Theresa: Just this one.
Harper: You didn't tell him you'd slept with his former father?
Theresa: No, and if I admitted it, he'd walk out of my life. He would never
speak to me again.
Harper: Oh, I see your point, Theresa, but this doesn't help the situation.
Julian is bound to bring this up.
Whitney: How can you be so sure?
Harper: Because Julian thinks Ethan is ok with it.
Theresa: Oh.
Harper: And when he does and he hears what went on, what will Ethan do?
Whitney: He's going to kill Julian. -
Theresa: Oh, my gosh. It'll be the end of Ethan and the end of me. I've got
to get downstairs, Whitney.
Whitney: Careful.
[Theresa moans]
Ethan: What am I missing here, Julian? You got Theresa drunk, and then you
married her. That was you reason.
Julian: Well, actually the subject of marriage never came up between Theresa
and me. I didn't promise her anything. One minute, we were inking champagne. The
next thing I knew, we were married.
Ethan: And that's all you remember?
Julian: Well, I certainly didn't go down to Bermuda looking to marry the
girl. That's absolutely the last thing on my mind.
Ethan: You didn't answer the question.
Julian: I'm the first to admit that one too many drinks of an evening can
lead to regrets in the morning, but --
Ethan: You don't remember anything else?
Julian: Would that I could. I'm sure it was something. You're a lucky man.
You can look forward to many memorable nights with Theresa.
Ethan: Don't you think that's getting a little personal?
Julian: Considering what happened between us --

Ethan: What happened between you?
Theresa: Julian, no.
Ivy: I know Theresa.
Pilar: No, you don't.
Ivy: I can read her like a ok. I know when she's not telling the truth. Our
son told Theresa he would marry her on one condition -- no more secrets, no more
lies. Ethan asked Theresa if she was sure she had told him everything, and she
swore she had, but she is lying. And if she is willing to risk everything by
lying -- oh, the lie must be a big one. -
Sam: You're assuming a whole lot here, Ivy.
Ivy: No, I am telling you --
Pilar: Don't listen to her, Sam. Please. I know the way Ivy thinks. She sees herself in
Theresa. And because she lied to you, she believes that
all women lie to men. Ivy is so used to lying, she can't tell the truth about -
anything.
Ivy: Oh. I am getting dangerously close to firing you, Pilar.
Pilar: Go ahead. Re me. I don't care. You can do whatever you want to me, but
don't you dare go after my children. My family means everything to me and I will
not let you touch them!
Ivy: I have family, too, Pilar. And I swear, someone will have to kill me
before I will sit by and let your daughter ruin my son's life!
Luis: The pig ruined my sister's life, and he's going to pay.

Beth: You know, you don't know all the facts, Luis. I mean, maybe Theresa
secretly, you know, wanted to marry me. I don't know.
Luis: Wanted to? Beth, he's scum. Everyone in my family hates Julian Crane and
for good reason, all right? You're way off. There's no way that Theresa of her
own free will would ever marry Julian. She loves Ethan.
Beth: I know it's unlikely --
Luis: It's impossible, all right? This is just another typical Crane move.
Julian with all his money and power and fancy lawyers -- he does this stuff time
and time again and gets off. Not this time. This time he's going to pay. Julian
Crane's a dead man.
[Charity moans]
Grace: Sweetie. Did these pains come on all of a sudden, or were you sick to
your stomach first.
Charity: No, I was fine before, and --
[Charity groans]
Grace: Oh. Shh.
Miguel: Any idea what this could be, Mrs. Bennett?
Grace: No, this is just really strange.
Reese: You know, when the pain first started, Charity had a premonition about
babies -- a baby destroying somebody's life.
Grace: A premonition?
Miguel: Yeah, but, I mean, since it can't be labor pains, then it's probably
not that.
Grace: Whose baby was this premonition about, sweetie?
Charity: I don't know. I don't know.
[Charity groans]
Grace: Oh baby, please, just take a deep breath. You know, try to breathe
through it.
Charity: It's going away.
Grace: Ok.
Kay: This means my wish is going to come true.

I'm going to have Miguel's child, and he and I will be together forever.
Timmy: Nah. Uh-uh. That one definitely won't work. What about this one? Maybe
this one can undo the spell that Timmy cast on Charity before.
Tabitha: I'm not sure, Timmy. - Time is running out. I think we'll just have to
give it a try. Come on.
Timmy: &quot;Babies can bring You happiness. They can bring you sorrow. You want
them today but wish they were gone - tomorrow!&quot;
Tabitha: Oh, no, Timmy. What have you done, now?
Sam: You're both saying things that you're going to regret later.

Pilar: I won't regret a word.
Sam: Look, the best thing to do is to move away from each other here and calm
down. Now I have to go see Grace, but first I'm going to go say good-bye to
Ethan and make sure everything's ok. Everything all right here?
Ivy: Don't think for one minute that I didn't mean every word I said. Theresa
will get Ethan over my dead body.
Pilar: I hope you're wrong, Ivy, for your sake and my daughter's.
Ethan: Theresa, what is it? Are you all right?
Theresa: Yeah, I just -- I have this, like, stomachache.
Ethan: Well, maybe it's something you ate.
Theresa: No. I don't know what it is. It feels weird, and it seems to come
and go. Right now it's going, it's going.
Ethan: Look, maybe you should go upstairs and lie down.
Theresa: Oh, no, no. I don't want to lie down. I just -- I want to be with
you.
Ethan: You know, - Theresa, when you just came in, why did you call out
&quot;Julian&quot;?
Theresa: I was afraid that he was talking about what happened, and I didn't
want you fighting with him again.
Julian: Au contraire, Theresa. Ethan has been a true gentleman. Much
the opposite of what your brother Luis might be like if he we e here. God knows
what it'd be like to deal with him.
Beth: Think about it Luis. If you do anything to Julian, who's going to be the
one to pay?
Luis: Him, with his life.
Beth: You will end up in prison. Ok, your life is going to be over. Think about
it. You lost Sheridan. Do you want your family to lose you?
Luis: If I let Julian get away with what he did to Theresa, my family will
never respect me. I'll never be able to look at myself again in the mirror. Now,
he's going to pay for what he did.
[Charity moans]
Grace: Oh, sweet me.
David: What's going on?
Reese: Charity gets these advanced extrasensory perceptions -- glimpses into
the future.
Grace: Oh, baby. Can you tell me anything more about the premonitions? What do
you know about this baby, huh?
Charity: All I know is it's going to cause a lot of pain.
Kay: Mom, I'm sorry, but this is just too weird. Charity, babies bring happiness and joy. They don't bring pain.
Charity: Well, this one does. It's going to tear a man and woman apart.
Simone: If you try to seduce, Miguel, you will lose him. Then you won't have
anybody to love.
[Noise]
Reese: Did you hear that?
Miguel: What?
Reese: In the kitchen. I can't tell what it is. I'm going to go check it out.

Tabitha: Oh -- oh, Timmy, Timmy, what spell is this? What have you done now?

[Babies cry]
Reese: Oh, my God!
Tabitha: Oh, we're dead.
Ethan: I can only imagine how Luis will react when he hears.
Julian: Well, I'm counting on you two to put in a good word for me.
Ethan: You don't deserve it, but we'll talk to him. I just want to get this
behind us so we can get married.
Julian: I wish you two all the happiness in the world. But a word of advice,
Theresa. As long as you stay open-minded like Ethan here and don't become
puritanical like Ivy, you'll have a very successful and happy marriage.
Ethan: What do you mean, puritanical? About what?

Harper: Julian, I need to talk to you.
Julian: Well, can it wait? I'm --
Harper: No. Ethan doesn't know about you and Theresa and your wedding night.

Julian: You mean -- oh, go help me.
Harper: What are you doing?
Julian: Protection. Ethan, excuse me, but a bit of business came up.
Sam: Oh, Ethan, there you are. Got a minute?
Ethan: Yeah, sure, Sam. What's up?
Sam: I was hoping to have a word with you and Theresa. I know the obstacles
you guys have already aced have been pretty tough. They're about to get tougher.

Ethan: How so?
Sam: Ivy, for one.
Ethan: What has my mother done now?
Sam: I want you both to know that I have faith in your bond. I was hoping to
offer some advice
Ethan: All right.
Sam: As you know, Grace nearly left me because of a secret I kept -- not
telling her that had an a fair with your mother, Ethan, before I met Grace.
Well, the best advice that I could give you is that secrets and lies kill
relationships. And I told Ivy she's wrong to think that you were keeping anything
from Ethan.
Ethan: Thanks. But, you know, Theresa and I have talked, and she knows we could
never get married if she were keeping something from me, and she assures me that
she isn't. Theresa's assurance is all I need. Theresa, there's nothing -
standing in our way now. All you have to do is sign the annulment papers, and we
can get married.
[Pounding on door]
Ivy: Oh, who is banging on the door?
[Pounding]
Julian: I can't believe that Ethan doesn't know what we surely did. I knew it
was too good to be true.
Harper: Julian, calm down.
Julian: But he doesn't know. I've got to get out of here.

Harper: Just thank God Luis isn't here.
Pilar: Luis. Mijo.
Luis: Bastard. - - Julian: No.
Pilar: Luis -- no!
Charity: Miguel, it hurts.
Miguel: There's got to be something that we can o, Mrs. Bennett. Should we
call an ambulance, get her to a hospital?
Grace: No, her state isn't medical. It's the premonition that's causing this
pain -- these visions of a baby destroying lives.
Miguel: There's got to be something.
Grace: Oh. Oh, sweetheart, you're going to get through this. How could you do
this, Kay?
Kay: Mom, I'm your daughter and I'm pregnant, so why don't you give me some of
that love and attention?
Grace: Because, Kay, you are wicked.
Kay: Mom!
Grace: You are only having Miguel's child so you can try to steal him away
from sweet chary here.
Kay: It's always Charity.
Reese: Oh, my God. You guys have got to come see this.

Grace: Oh, what is it, Reese?
Reese: Tabitha and her little doll are in the kitchen with room full of
babies.
Miguel: Get off it, Reese.
Simone: I thought I heard a baby cry.
Reese: No, no, no. Not a baby. Dozens of them. It's the weirdest thing you've
ever seen.
Miguel: But how?
Reese: Tabitha. She cast a spell -- a witch's spell. Well, come and see!
Timmy: Oh, this one won't work. An elephant? No.
Tabitha: Hurry up, Timmy. The kids are coming. Hurry.
Timmy: Timmy thinks he und one. &quot;When in doubt, just say poof &quot;poof!&quot;
Reese: They're gone. They're all gone.
Simone: What's gone?
Reese: The babies. The bassinets. They're all gone.

Tabitha: Babies? Reese: Yeah, babies.
Kay: Reese, you're really losing it.
Reese: No, I swear. A minute ago, this kitchen was filled with bawling
babies.
Tabitha: Well, I'm sorry, Ross. The only thing close to a baby here is my doll,
good old Timmy.
Reese: You said you heard a baby.
Simone: Well, I thought I heard --
Tabitha: The cat -- the cat sometimes sounds like a baby.
Reese: A cat?
Tabitha: Yeah, when she meows. Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
Reese: It wasn't a cat.
Kay: Reese --
r ese: It was babies.
Kay: Get over it.
Reese: The kitchen was full of them. I've got to hand it to you, Tabitha. You
made them all disappear pretty quick.
David: She's your sister's kid, right?
Grace: Yes.
David: Must run in the family.
Grace: What?
David: Premonitions. I remember you used to go through the same thing
yourself.
Grace: What exactly?
David: One of the last premonitions that you had before you disappeared -- it
was about a man and his children taking you away from me. I remember when you
told me, you cried and cried. Must have been Sam and his kids. Listen, I know
you have a lot going on in your mind right now. You take care of Charity, and
we'll talk later.
Ivy: Oh, my.
Luis: I'll kill you!
Julian: I urge you to reconsider.
Luis: Tricking my sister into marrying you. You have ruined her life.
Pilar: Luis, lease!
Beth: You're choking him.
Pilar: He's not worth it -- not for you to go to jail.

Luis: You are going to pay for what you've done.

Pilar: Luis, no!
Luis: You got away with his with my papa, but not this time.

Pilar: Sam! Chief Bennett!
Ivy: Let is kill him. It's one less hindrance in my life.
Pilar: Sam!
Sam: That sounds like Pilar.
Ethan: Hey, Theresa, I'm going to go check it out. Stay here, all right?
Theresa: Ok. Oh, Whitney, I have to know what's going on out there. If Julian
lets it slip, Ethan and I are finished.
Whitney: We should just thank God that Luis isn't here, Theresa.
Theresa: Oh, please help me up.
Whitney: Ok. Careful.
Theresa: Ok.
Sam: Luis!
Julian: Get him off me!
Ethan: Come on.
Julian: I hate you.
[Theresa and Whitney scream]
Theresa: Oh, my God.
Kay: For the billionth time, Reese, would you just lay off the witch stuff?

Tabitha: Oh, I don't mind, dear. Kids have a way of thinking of us wrinkly,
old ladies as witches. I've come to accept it. But you should've seen me in my
prime, Ross. I was the belle of the ball.
Reese: Yeah? What century was that?
Kay: Reese.
Jessica: I need air. There's too many weird things going on in here.
Simone: I'm right behind you. Come on, Reese.
Tabitha: Why don't you go and see your cousin, dear, see if she isn't feeling
any better.

Tabitha: Lucky for you, you found the right spell and poofed away those
babies. If we don't find t right spell for Kay to get Miguel, we're going to be
poofed away, too.
Timmy: If Timmy and Tabby could figure out which baby Charity's talking about,
then Timmy could find the right spell.
Tabitha: No. A lot more brats will be born. It could be any one of them. Come
on. Let's find out what miss premonition is up to.
Charity: The secret will come out. It will tear everybody apart. The gun!
Miguel: Charity!
Theresa: Oh, my God. Please, Ethan, Luis --
Pilar: Luis --
Whitney: Stop --
Sam: Julian, put the gun away.
Julian: If you don't get the hell out of my home, I will shoot, I swear.
Luis: You're a dead man.
Sam: Luis --
[gunshot]
[Theresa screams]














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Friday 11/30/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Friday 11/30/01
  By Suzanne Lanoue
&nbsp;

 Grace: Charity, i won't say there's nothing to your premonitions. I mean, I
get them myself. But this feeling that there's
 evil in tabitha's, -- you know, I just don't sense - that. Maybe you're over
tired or you're just anxious from fainting earlier.
 Charity: No, aunt Grace. There's evil. It's nearby, and it's trying to
take miguel
away from me. I am so sure of it.
 Grace: Maybe you're sensing something that happened earlier or you're
misreading what your mind is trying to tell you.
 Charity: Aunt grace, what i'm feeling is real! +

 [Charity sighs]
 charity: There's evil.
 Pit's in this house. It's nearby in a book -- a book of evil. I sense it so
strongly. + + It's trying to break up miguel anme. And it's trying to do it
right now.
 Kay's voice: I bet uptight charity never kissed miguel like this before.

 Miguel: Wow.
 Kay: [As charity] what?
 Miguel: Dging by that kiss, You must be f eling a lot better than youere
earlier.
 Kay: How could I no be? Your lips are as sweet as the ice cream that you
brought me.
 Miguel: So all your
 remonitions are gone?
 Kay: I feel perfectly fine now. + In fact, I feel like a whole new person.


 Tabi ha: Our kay has quite a gift for the understatement.

 Timmy: If timmy didn' know -better, he'd swear tha was the real cha it .

 Tatha: The spell we led kay to find is working perfectly.

 [Kay sig]
 kay: [Normal voice] ok. Spin to the left, spin to the righ , spin me into the
one miguel loves.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 Kay: [As charity] talk about aakeover.
 Tabitha: Even miguel doesn't
 prealize that it's kay he's kissing and not charity.

 Timmy: Tabby's plan is working.
 Tabitha: Oh, yes,ad.
 Patong last, kay is poised to s eal her cousin's unkarama

 pboyfriend, and we'll get an ndefinite re rieve from oivion. Judging by tOoks
of it, kay is well on her way to having her way with migue
 p liz: Are you telling me + the truth? Doou really want to stay here just to
with ana, or is there another reason you don't + wanto go to Harmony? Pis it
this beth or this guy luis?
 Sheridan: Ok. I've been thinking.
 Doc: An excellent idea. If more eople used &amp; thei noggins,h y wouldn't end Up
in the rmuda triangle.
 Liz: Diana, what were you about to say?
 Sheridan: Well, for some reason, this town Harmony has a realold one. It's as
if i'm being drawn to it.
 Brian: What do you mean exactly?
 Sheridan: Look, don't get mad at me, ut i've changed my ind. I want to sail
there with you after all.
 Liz: Diana, b ian has changed his mind. He's decided not to go.

 Etha : Look, I wanto ead to the mansion, see what's taking dr. Russell so
long to exami e theresa.
 Luis: Yeah I know she fainted because lian fired his gun by accident, but, ++
Well, it's not like he shot her. She should be up to signing those annulment
papers by now.
 Ethan: You wanto come with me?
 Luis: Go on ahead. I'll be in soon.
 Ethan: Is place reminds you of sheridan, doesn't it?

 Uis: Well, yeah. I mean, ethan, this was sort of a special spot for us, you
know? And I feel close to her here, connected.
 Ethan: I'm sorry you're hurting, luis. I mean, I can only imagine the ain i'd
be feeling if somethingap ened
 ohe esa.
 Luis: Yeah. Well, hey,ook -- just because it didn't wo k out for me and
sheridan -- I mean, doesn't mean i won't -fo you guys.
 Ethan: Oh, yeah. Theresa and I went through a rough patch, but eveThing's
going to be ok. Now that she's told me here's no more secrets, i can't pconceive
of anything coming between us.
 Eve: The resu ts are in, theresa, and this @ime there's - no room for ubt.


 Theresa: Well, what oes his + mean?
 Eve: Thisest came out positive, too. You're definitely pregnant.

 Theresa: Tell me this isn't happening.
 Eve: I'm so sorry, oney.
 Theresa: God, i'm -- I'm pregnant with julian crane's baby! + My life is ove
. I'm going to lose ethan forever.
 P[captioning made possible by the national broadcasting company]

 theresa: My dream of a life with ethan is -- it's over. It's hopeless. Dr.
Ussell, it's hopeless.
 Eve: Oh, that damn julian. This is all his faul for getting you drunk - and
marrying you and then having sex with you. God ou think he would've &amp;
 Theresa: I -- don't under tand.
 Eve: It's just I'm sure this isn't e first time that julian s gotten young
woman - into this situation, that's all.
 Theresa: What am I going to do? P p eve: Oh, sweetheart. It's not going to be
easy, - but you' eoing to have to be honest with ethan. You're going to have to
tell him the truth.
 Theresa: No. + I can't! I promised ethan that I wasn't Keeping anything else
from him. I hated lying to him, but I couldn't tell him that julian nd slept
togethe . I knew that ifou get the marriage annulled that he would never find
out. But now if i tell him that'm pregnant wi h julian's child, he'll go+ crazy.
You kn, he'll -- he'llate me pr betraying his trust. He'll never get ast this, .
Ussell. &amp; What man could?
 P eve: Oh --&amp; I hink thathen you tellthan the truth, he's going to be angry
with you, yes, + but -- butisury is going to be cused on julian and what he did
to you!
 Theresa: Wel , that's eve worse. Etn anis are outside right now, waiting for
me to sign the annulment papers. And they were eady o ripim apart when they
learned that we were married.
 Pi mean, if they foun out that -- that julia not only slept with me but he
got me
 regnant, they'll kill him fo sure. My brother and the an that I loveilspend
the rest of their lives behind s, and it will e all my fault!
 P sheridan: You to me that you werexcitedo be out atea again, hat sailing the
boat to new england would be a great trip and that you needed the money. +

 Liz: Ain't that the truth.
 Sheridan: What happened to change your mind?

 Brian: The more i thoug t + about it, the more i realized -that it wasn't a
good idea after all.
 Sheridan: Why?
 Brian: I can't put it intoords exactly.
 Sheridan: Do you not want to take this t ip because &amp; you found out you'have
to sail
 pthe boatack to Harmony? Look, is there someone or something you don't want
toee there?
 |ú|ú|ú|ú|ú| |ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú| |ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|
|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|
|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú| |ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú| |ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú| |ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|
|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|
 Kay's voice: Just kissing miguel is such a turn-on. How charity's kept
herirginity all this time is beyond me. But althat will change when miguel makes
love to me --
 pthe new and uninhibited charity. &amp;
 Miguel: Charity, &amp; your kisses -- I don't know how

 o say this, but they're, like, way more intense than usual.

 Kay: [As charity] well, it's just that i feel so free and&amp; -uninhibited now
that my premonitions are gone. + It- it's like i can finally show you how much I
eally love you.
 Miguel: I love you, too, charity. , -
 Timmy: Is it hot in here, or is it just them? -

 [Tabitha chuckles]
 tatha: It's kay, doll-face.
 Pshe's eal making her move toteal miguel away - from char ty. And if she
succeeds, she'll stop blondie and the bod from eve Making love. Charity won't
come into her full powers and the threat of goodness to our side will be gone-
as will kay's virginity.
 Timmy: Timmy still doesn't understandowhis wo ks. Ifiguel thinks tt's the
real charity and not kay, then what happens if charity figures out what kay's
doing?
 Tabitha: Well, for starters, there'll be a huge catfight that will give
fluffy pause. But that may not happen. The way &quot;kiss me&quot; kay is going, the real
cha itynd miguel are going to be over andut. ,
&nbsp;
 P p grace: Earlier you had a vision of kay with aook of evil. Do you think
she's trying to come between you and miguel?
 Charity: I have had premonitions about her and miguel making love. I don't
really know what to make of them.
 Grace: Come on -- Kay and miguel? I mean, that's nonsense. Miguel loves you,
only you. I mean, no one -- especially kay -- could come between youwo.
 Charity: They've been friends + since chiloo +

 grace: Exactly. I mean, they're like brother and sister, nothing more.

 Charity: I guess.
 Grace: You know, I think there's some similarities between your relationship
and mine with sam and ivy. I mean, you know tha ivy was sam's first love and
that they even had a child -- ethan -- togethe . Now, i was really afraid that
ivy was going to t y to come between sam and me. Bu I know that sam loves me and
there is no way that ivy could take him away from me. I mean, you and miguel --
you have that same love. And if kay or anybody tried to come between you two,
they just couldn't. I mean, even ivy has given up trying to come between am and
me.
 Grace: Whats it, charity? You have another premonition?

 Eve: The tests prove that that's julian's child. You can't hide it. + You
have to tell ethan.
 Theresa: But it will estroy him, dr. Russell. Ethan's always talked about us
having a family, how much he's oked forward to us having our first child. He'll
never be able o get past this -- rst because he'll know that I've kept another
secret f omim, and, second, because I'm pregnant&amp; with another man's baby, a
man+ that ethan used to think was + his father!
 Eve: Theresa, i know it won't be easy, sweetheart, &amp; but -- but you're going
to start
 Phow. Pyou' e not goingo be able
 ptoeep it secret. You have to tell ethan before - heinds it out for himself!


 [Knockn door]
 ethan: Hey, wha's -- what's going on? What -- what s itou have to tell me?


&nbsp;
 Grace: Did you justave another premonition?

 Charity: I saw sam and ivy. And they were laughing ogether, and they were
kissing each other.
 Grace: Sweetie. Don't wo Y. I mean, that's @ust not going to happen. + Sam
ves me, he's committed toe, and there is nothing that ivy can do to get sam away
from me. I mean, your premoni ion is + wrong. It's just way off base, and --

 Charity: I'm reallyorry. &amp;
 Pyou know i didn't mean to upset you. I wish that my premonit ons wouljust go
away altogether. I -- don't want to see intohe future. It's not a gift. It's a
curse.
 Grace: I know, sweetie, and I know that it's really difficult for you. But,
you know,ou're not going to be alone in this. I will always -- i will always be
here for you. Ok?
 Kay's voice: I can't believe how wellhis is goi g. Miguel'sractically eating
out of my hand.
 Timmy: Timmy hates to admit it, but miguel's one smooth dude.

 Tabitha: Oh, no, lad. He's merely gone hormonal.

 Timmy: Miguel likesuys?
 Tabitha: No, you twit. Miguels merely responding to kay's -- a laharity's --
advances. He has no idea that he's getting- -it on withisrue love's scming
cousin.
 Timmy: How could miguel know? Timmy can't even see the difference.

 Tabitha: I know, timmy. That's what's so perct about this s ell.

 Kay: [As charity] thanks again foratisfying my cravings. I feel so much
better now.
 Miguel: I'm glad you're not having any more premonitions. You know, that one
about someone having a baby that would cause pain really scared me. I can't
imagine how a baby could hurt someone. You know, they're supposed to bring joy
to people's lives.
 Kay: I know. I think having baby is the most wonderful thing that can ha pen
to a couple.
 Tabitha: That kay's a clever one. She's already laying the groundwo k for her
plan of getting pregnant by miguel so that he will leave charity and marry her.


 Miguel: I think about us having our own baby all+

 he ime.
 Kay: Eally? &amp;
 Miguel: I love babies. You know, I can't wait for us to havene- That is when
we're married + and we can afford it, of course.
 Kay: I can't wait, either.&amp; I think having a baby will bring so much closer
together.
 Tabitha: This is going to work out even better than i hoped for, timmy.
Miguelasn't got a clue that he's playing right into kay's nursery plans.&amp;

 Beth: Luis?
 Luis: Hey.
 Beth: You've een go so long, i was starting toorry.

 Luis: Yeah. I'm ok. Ateast i will be once theresa signs those annulment
papers. We can forge that she was ever maied to julian,nd -- and theresa and
ethan can get marriejust like they planned.
 Beth: For once, a haY ending.
 Luis: No, I still hate tha julian took advantage of theresa. Just the thought
of him just touching her andutting that ring on her finger --
 beth: Hey -- why n't I get you out of here, you know, away from julian? +

 Luis: No. Theresa hasn't signe the annulment pape s yet. And besides, you
know, ts --&amp; this placeeminds me of sheridan. It was a special place fors.
Sheridanlways loved that my father built this gazebo for my mom when we lived on
the estate and he e en
 lanted special rosebushes for her.&amp; Sheridan loved the fragrance of those
rosebushes. We spent a lot of time here. I even asked her to marry me here. She
said yes.
 Beth: I'm sorry. I didn't know.
 Luis: You know, I've ust been standing here, thinking about all the good
Times we had together, all the plans we made and dreams we shared. Everywhere i
look, you know, it remin me of sheidan. I just don't see that changing.
 Beth: You know, it's so soon after --
 luis: And I know sheridan wouldn't want me to mourn forever. - She'd want me
to move on. I just don't see how i can. She's iny heart, my soul. She always
will be. I love her. And I miss her God, miss her so much.
 Sheridan: Well, brian? Is there someone or something that you're trying to
avoid + in Harmony?
 Brian: No. It's just that since you decided not to sail back with me, I
ealized i didn't want to be away from you that long, so i decidedo stay here
instead.
 Sheridan: But I want to go now. I don't know why, but I just feel like
Harmony has someind of link t my past. - But I won't be able to find out until I
see the place firsthand.
 Brian: It's just -- it's betterf we stay here on the island, you know?

 Sheridan: Is there something morehat you're not telling me? Because you were
so excited bere.
 Brian: I know. I know i was, and I changed my mind, hat's all.

 His woman, beth -- &amp; shs just going to have to nd somebody else to sail that
boat back to Harmony because I'm not going to do it.
 Ethan: Is everything ok? You two have been in here &amp; soong, i was starting +
to wor y. + Theresa, you've been crying. Something's wrong. Are you sick? Is
that why she fainted earlie ?
 Pplook -- theresa, it's going to be ok. Whatever is wrong, we'll get through
this together. Now, just tell me what it is. Te me what's w ong.
 Singer: You are my passion for life
 miguel: Charity, you know, I'm -- i'm reay happy that you're as excited + as
i m about having children. And -- and i think having a baby really bonds a
couple together.
 Kay's voice: That's wha I'm countingn. &amp;

 Kay: [As charity] &amp; i know a baby bonds a couple together.

 Miguel: Charity, i think that i should b ing those to theitchen. I'll be
right back.
&nbsp;
 Kay: Miguel said how much a babyonds Couple toge her. Now i know my plan will
work.
 Kay: I have miguel so turned - on, we'll be picking out baby names before he
knows it!
 Charity: I know that evil is in this house and it's trying to hurt me.

 Grace: Charity, i wis you would just go back to bed and rest.

 Kay's voice: Oh, no. That sounds like my mom and charity are heading
downstairs. I can' le them see me this way.
 P kay: Ok. I ve to tu nyselback into kay, and fast!

&nbsp;
 Grace: Charity,ince you won't lay down and rest, - I think I'll make you some
warm milk. Maybe that'll relax you and make these premonitions sto .
 Charity: I wishhey'd stop for good.
 Grace: I don't think that's going toappen, sweetie. I think you're always
going + to have them. &amp; But, you know, i have them, too, androm what david says,
I guess I always have. You know, it may not seem like it but God gave us this
gift.
 Charity: Kay and jessica
 pdon' seemo have premonitions.
 Grace: No. But hey are standish women, - so maybe they wi l gethis same gif .
And then they can he youight &amp; foGoodness
 charity: Yeah. Unless this giftakes them in different direction -- away from
good ess. &amp;
 Luis: You know, I'm -- i'm
 eally sorry that I wasn't able to sail your dad's boat back to Harmonyor you
+
 th: Don't worry about it. I talked to l z -- that woman

 hatuns the hotel + + in st. Lisa's -- and she said she'd find some peopo sail
it back fo me.
 Is: That's great.
 Just being on that island was so s range, hough.

 Beth: How so?
 Luis: I know it soun wei d. When i'm in mony, i think about sheridan all the
time, but I know tha she's gone. But when ias down there on that island, I
didn't ust think about e . I felt her, like -- like she was real, like i could
reach out and touch her. And I wonder why that was. What was it that was down on
that island that made her elo close to me?
 Sheridan: Thanks, liz.
 Liz: Sure.
 Liz: You must really have a good reason for not wanting to o to Harmony.
Look, I knowt's taboo around here to ask about people'sas . It -- it just seems
like you're trying to avoid the boat owner, + beth, or her friend, luis. I mean,
why else would ou tell diana that you refuse to leave
 pnow t at younow she's changed her mind and wants to go? &amp;

 Brian: Well, swordfish isn't the only thing you grill around here, liz.&amp;

 Liz: Brian, i know you were + &amp; looking forward to spending time alone with
her on the boat. You were hoping she'd all &amp; in love with you.
 Brian: She can fall in love with me here just as easy on dry land.

 Liz: All ight,ook. Everyone's iding something re. That's howe ended up n this
island. I'm just letting you know that - if you ever want to talkbout why you
don't want to go to Harmony, then i'm here.
 Brian: Right back you,
 iz. Onl there's nothing to talk abou@.
 Liz: Brian's hiding something. But, then, so am i.

 &amp;
 Ethan: Hey --
 ook, heresa, i love you. But if you're sick, I'm here fo you all the way.
Look, and I can tell you're scared, alGht, but it's going to be ok. You remember
our promise not toee any secrets from eac other. + So isomething's wrong, i nee
to know the truth.
 Theresa: It'sothing. No, nothing is w ong.

 Eve: Theresa's fine. It's just her blood pressure drop ed and she fainted.
That's all. &amp;
 P ethan: I mean, are you sure she's al righ ? That'sll it is? +

 Eve: Yes.
 Ethan: Wait. No, some hing's going on, &amp; and I think I knowT it is. ñ?

 Wisdom om heoo
 Grace: Why do you think kay and jessica's owers could take them in a
different rection, away from goodness? -
 Charity: I don't know, but -- but i cannot shake the feeling that evil is in
this house.
 Grace: Oh, and if it is, it's certainly not coming from my girls. I mean, ok,
kay isownstairs and she's certainly not perfect, But she's not evil.
 Charity: Ok. I dn't say that she was. + - I can't help what I've seen in my
premonitions. + &amp;
 Here's something or omeone - working to try and tear miguel&amp; and me apart.


 Pthat i know. P grace: Well, I loveay, and I can't believe she is the source
of this evil that + you are eling, and iertainly can't believe At she's trying
to tear miguel away om you. - -But,harity, ifay were to eve urt you or to try to
come between you and miguel, I would stand by you.
 P charity: Evenhough kay is your daughter and I am just your niece?

 Grace: Swee heart, you have never been just a niece to me. I love you like
you'rey own &amp; &amp; daughter. &amp; And I would suppor you while i tried toelp kay come
to her senses. Ok? Come on.
 Kay's voice: I haveo tur myself back into me before charity and myom see me
like -this. They'd think was the evil that charity's feeling.
 Timmy: Uh-oh. - If grace and charity come downstairs, they'll see kay as
chari y.
 Tabitha: Yeah. Good thing miguel's in kitchen &amp; so kay has time to change he
self back.
 Miguel: Charity? -
 Tabitha: Me and my big mouth.
 Miguel: Hey. - Kay: [As charity] hey.
 Miguel: I just remembere &amp; thatou wanted some pizza earlier with your ice
cream. Should i heat you up a sce?
 Kay: Yes! That is such a great idea. Just make sure it's suer hot, &amp; ok?

 Miguel: Ok. + Anything for you, charity. &amp;

 Kay: Oh.
 Tabitha: Go, gi l, go. You haven't go much time. -

 Kay: I have to change myself -back, and fast!

 Eve: Ethan! -
 Ethan: What? No, I just -- I noticed you made a ote here about theresa being
on bir h con rol. I mean, is that what caused he blood pressureo drop, pmaking
her faint? P eve: No. Birtcontrol didn't causeTheresa to faint.&amp; It was julian
discharging his weapon.
 Ethan: Well -- I mean, I just want to make sure theresa being on birth
control &amp; is safe.
 Pi mean, we do want to have children someday, but not until &amp; I get my law p
actice up and running. I mean we can'tven think about having children until
then. T if the pill is making theresa sick, then we should, you knownstry
something else.
 Eve: No. - No, the pill isn't a problem.
 Ethan: Oh, good. I was -- I was st afraid thatt was making her sick. Well,
hopefully you won't have + to be on the pill that long. I can' wait to have
children. I'm really looking forward to the first time heresa's pregnant. You
know, it's just --&amp; it's amazing thinking -- knowing that my child is growing in
theoman i love. &amp;
 Ethan: You know, when found out I wasn't a crane i was real uet.- But now,
aer julian's latest &amp; stunt,'M so glad thereon't be a drop of c ane lood in
theresa's and my children.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 Ethan: If you're eling ok, why don't we sign these annulment papers, get
julianut ofur lives forever.
 Theresa: Yeah. - I'm ust going to freshen up.

 Ethan: Al right. Well, I'll go get luis, and then we'll meet in the livingoom.


 Theresa: Ok.
 Theresa: You heard what &amp; &amp; he said, dr. Russel . There's no way ethan could
eve ge past he fact that i'm pregnant with julian'saby. - What have I done? &amp;
What have I done?
 Brian: You've been at that a while.
 Sheridan: Yeah, I -- i felt
 plooking at the map andhe towns - that are surrounding Harmony might spark a
memory. But it didn'T.
 Brian: I'm sorry.
 Sheridan: Me, too. Maybe Harmony sounds familiar

 ecause I -- i passed through there on a skirip like you anliz did. Maybe
someone just happened toention it one day. I don't know. For some reason, this
rmony
 pstrikes a chord withe.
 Brian: Going back to Harmony -- it means a lot to you, doesn't it? -

 Sheridan: Yes, brian.
 Piteans t world to me.
 Brian's voice: I can't do pit -- not now. Not when beth and luis could be in
the mix. But look at diana. It'll break her heart if she doesn't go to Harmony.
I couldn't live withyself for hurting her.
 Brian: All right.&amp; Fine, I'll go. P sheridan: What? +

 Brian: We'll sail this beth &amp; womas boat back to Harmony.

 Sheridan: Oh, brian --&amp; thank you, thank you, thank you!

 Ian: Yeah, anything fo you, diana.
 Sheridan: You know, I don't know what this Harmony means+ to me, but i just
have a feeling that it's t e ight thing o do by going there.
 Brian: I hope so.
&nbsp;
 Kay: There has to be a spell in here to turn myself back to me!

 Charity: I hope i'm wrong about kay.
 Grace: Well, I'm sure you are.
 Kay: Oh, no. Charity and my mom are coming down!

 Grace: I mean, she would never try to split you&amp; and miguel up. And if she
did, how could she possib make miguel love her?
 [Kay groans]
 kay: I -- i -- I can't go out the front door. If go out, charit and my mom
will see me. Ifo out he back, miguel will see me. He's in the kitchen. If i
can'tind a spell to change me back, i'm done for! &amp; &amp;
 Timmy: The jig is up, princess.- Kay's a goner.

 Tabitha: Yeah, if she's caught, our role in this oppelganger disaster will be
-exposed, and we'll be gone along wi h her. Oh.














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site





















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Monday 12/3/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Monday 12/3/01
  By Suzanne Lanoue
&nbsp;

 Grace: Charity, i won't say there's no hing to your premonitions. I mean, I
get them yself. But this feeling that there's
 pevil in tabitha's, -- you know, I just don't sense - that. Maybe you're ove
tired or you're just anxious from fainting earlier.
 Charity: No, auntrace. There's evil. It's neaY, and it's trying toake miguel
away from me. I am so suref it.
 Grace: Maybe you're sensing something that happened earlier or you're
misreang what your mind isrying to tell you.
 Charity: Aunt grace, what i'm feeling is real! +

 [Charity sighs]
 charity: There's evil.
 Pit's in this house. It's nearby in a book -- a book of evil. I sense it so
strongly. + + It's trying to break up miguel anme. And it's trying to do it
right now.
 Kay's voice: I bet uptight charity never kissed miguel like this before.

 Miguel: Wow.
 Kay: [As charity] what?
 Miguel: Dging by that kiss, You must be f eling a lot better than youere
earlier.
 Kay: How could I no be? Your lips are as sweet as the ice cream that you
brought me.
 Miguel: So all your
 remonitions are gone?
 Kay: I feel perfectly fine now. + In fact, I feel like a whole new person.


 Tabi ha: Our kay has quite a gift for the understatement.

 Timmy: If timmy didn' know -better, he'd swear tha was the real cha it .

 Tatha: The spell we led kay to find is working perfectly.

 [Kay sig]
 kay: [Normal voice] ok. Spin to the left, spin to the righ , spin me into the
one miguel loves.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 Kay: [As charity] talk about aakeover.
 Tabitha: Even miguel doesn't
 prealize that it's kay he's kissing and not charity.

 Timmy: Tabby's plan is working.
 Tabitha: Oh, yes,ad.
 Patong last, kay is poised to s eal her cousin's unkarama

 pboyfriend, and we'll get an ndefinite re rieve from oivion. Judging by tOoks
of it, kay is well on her way to having her way with migue
 p liz: Are you telling me + the truth? Doou really want to stay here just to
with ana, or is there another reason you don't + wanto go to Harmony? Pis it
this beth or this guy luis?
 Sheridan: Ok. I've been thinking.
 Doc: An excellent idea. If more eople used &amp; thei noggins,h y wouldn't end Up
in the rmuda triangle.
 Liz: Diana, what were you about to say?
 Sheridan: Well, for some reason, this town Harmony has a realold one. It's as
if i'm being drawn to it.
 Brian: What do you mean exactly?
 Sheridan: Look, don't get mad at me, ut i've changed my ind. I want to sail
there with you after all.
 Liz: Diana, b ian has changed his mind. He's decided not to go.

 Etha : Look, I wanto ead to the mansion, see what's taking dr. Russell so
long to exami e theresa.
 Luis: Yeah I know she fainted because lian fired his gun by accident, but, ++
Well, it's not like he shot her. She should be up to signing those annulment
papers by now.
 Ethan: You wanto come with me?
 Luis: Go on ahead. I'll be in soon.
 Ethan: Is place reminds you of sheridan, doesn't it?

 Uis: Well, yeah. I mean, ethan, this was sort of a special spot for us, you
know? And I feel close to her here, connected.
 Ethan: I'm sorry you're hurting, luis. I mean, I can only imagine the ain i'd
be feeling if somethingap ened
 ohe esa.
 Luis: Yeah. Well, hey,ook -- just because it didn't wo k out for me and
sheridan -- I mean, doesn't mean i won't -fo you guys.
 Ethan: Oh, yeah. Theresa and I went through a rough patch, but eveThing's
going to be ok. Now that she's told me here's no more secrets, i can't pconceive
of anything coming between us.
 Eve: The resu ts are in, theresa, and this @ime there's - no room for ubt.


 Theresa: Well, what oes his + mean?
 Eve: Thisest came out positive, too. You're definitely pregnant.

 Theresa: Tell me this isn't happening.
 Eve: I'm so sorry, oney.
 Theresa: God, i'm -- I'm pregnant with julian crane's baby! + My life is ove
. I'm going to lose ethan forever.
 P[captioning made possible by the national broadcasting company]

 theresa: My dream of a life with ethan is -- it's over. It's hopeless. Dr.
Ussell, it's hopeless.
 Eve: Oh, that damn julian. This is all his faul for getting you drunk - and
marrying you and then having sex with you. God ou think he would've &amp;
 Theresa: I -- don't under tand.
 Eve: It's just I'm sure this isn't e first time that julian s gotten young
woman - into this situation, that's all.
 Theresa: What am I going to do? P p eve: Oh, sweetheart. It's not going to be
easy, - but you' eoing to have to be honest with ethan. You're going to have to
tell him the truth.
 Theresa: No. + I can't! I promised ethan that I wasn't Keeping anything else
from him. I hated lying to him, but I couldn't tell him that julian nd slept
togethe . I knew that ifou get the marriage annulled that he would never find
out. But now if i tell him that'm pregnant wi h julian's child, he'll go+ crazy.
You kn, he'll -- he'llate me pr betraying his trust. He'll never get ast this, .
Ussell. &amp; What man could?
 P eve: Oh --&amp; I hink thathen you tellthan the truth, he's going to be angry
with you, yes, + but -- butisury is going to be cused on julian and what he did
to you!
 Theresa: Wel , that's eve worse. Etn anis are outside right now, waiting for
me to sign the annulment papers. And they were eady o ripim apart when they
learned that we were married.
 Pi mean, if they foun out that -- that julia not only slept with me but he
got me
 regnant, they'll kill him fo sure. My brother and the an that I loveilspend
the rest of their lives behind s, and it will e all my fault!
 P sheridan: You to me that you werexcitedo be out atea again, hat sailing the
boat to new england would be a great trip and that you needed the money. +

 Liz: Ain't that the truth.
 Sheridan: What happened to change your mind?

 Brian: The more i thoug t + about it, the more i realized -that it wasn't a
good idea after all.
 Sheridan: Why?
 Brian: I can't put it intoords exactly.
 Sheridan: Do you not want to take this t ip because &amp; you found out you'have
to sail
 pthe boatack to Harmony? Look, is there someone or something you don't want
toee there?
 |ú|ú|ú|ú|ú| |ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú| |ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|
|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|
|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú| |ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú| |ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú| |ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|
|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|
 Kay's voice: Just kissing miguel is such a turn-on. How charity's kept
herirginity all this time is beyond me. But althat will change when miguel makes
love to me --
 pthe new and uninhibited charity. &amp;
 Miguel: Charity, &amp; your kisses -- I don't know how

 o say this, but they're, like, way more intense than usual.

 Kay: [As charity] well, it's just that i feel so free and&amp; -uninhibited now
that my premonitions are gone. + It- it's like i can finally show you how much I
eally love you.
 Miguel: I love you, too, charity. , -
 Timmy: Is it hot in here, or is it just them? -

 [Tabitha chuckles]
 tatha: It's kay, doll-face.
 Pshe's eal making her move toteal miguel away - from char ty. And if she
succeeds, she'll stop blondie and the bod from eve Making love. Charity won't
come into her full powers and the threat of goodness to our side will be gone-
as will kay's virginity.
 Timmy: Timmy still doesn't understandowhis wo ks. Ifiguel thinks tt's the
real charity and not kay, then what happens if charity figures out what kay's
doing?
 Tabitha: Well, for starters, there'll be a huge catfight that will give
fluffy pause. But that may not happen. The way &quot;kiss me&quot; kay is going, the real
cha itynd miguel are going to be over andut. ,
&nbsp;
 P p grace: Earlier you had a vision of kay with aook of evil. Do you think
she's trying to come between you and miguel?
 Charity: I have had premonitions about her and miguel making love. I don't
really know what to make of them.
 Grace: Come on -- Kay and miguel? I mean, that's nonsense. Miguel loves you,
only you. I mean, no one -- especially kay -- could come between youwo.
 Charity: They've been friends + since chiloo +

 grace: Exactly. I mean, they're like brother and sister, nothing more.

 Charity: I guess.
 Grace: You know, I think there's some similarities between your relationship
and mine with sam and ivy. I mean, you know tha ivy was sam's first love and
that they even had a child -- ethan -- togethe . Now, i was really afraid that
ivy was going to t y to come between sam and me. Bu I know that sam loves me and
there is no way that ivy could take him away from me. I mean, you and miguel --
you have that same love. And if kay or anybody tried to come between you two,
they just couldn't. I mean, even ivy has given up trying to come between am and
me.
 Grace: Whats it, charity? You have another premonition?

 Eve: The tests prove that that's julian's child. You can't hide it. + You
have to tell ethan.
 Theresa: But it will estroy him, dr. Russell. Ethan's always talked about us
having a family, how much he's oked forward to us having our first child. He'll
never be able o get past this -- rst because he'll know that I've kept another
secret f omim, and, second, because I'm pregnant&amp; with another man's baby, a
man+ that ethan used to think was + his father!
 Eve: Theresa, i know it won't be easy, sweetheart, &amp; but -- but you're going
to start
 Phow. Pyou' e not goingo be able
 ptoeep it secret. You have to tell ethan before - heinds it out for himself!


 [Knockn door]
 ethan: Hey, wha's -- what's going on? What -- what s itou have to tell me?


&nbsp;
 Grace: Did you justave another premonition?

 Charity: I saw sam and ivy. And they were laughing ogether, and they were
kissing each other.
 Grace: Sweetie. Don't wo Y. I mean, that's @ust not going to happen. + Sam
ves me, he's committed toe, and there is nothing that ivy can do to get sam away
from me. I mean, your premoni ion is + wrong. It's just way off base, and --

 Charity: I'm reallyorry. &amp;
 Pyou know i didn't mean to upset you. I wish that my premonit ons wouljust go
away altogether. I -- don't want to see intohe future. It's not a gift. It's a
curse.
 Grace: I know, sweetie, and I know that it's really difficult for you. But,
you know,ou're not going to be alone in this. I will always -- i will always be
here for you. Ok?
 Kay's voice: I can't believe how wellhis is goi g. Miguel'sractically eating
out of my hand.
 Timmy: Timmy hates to admit it, but miguel's one smooth dude.

 Tabitha: Oh, no, lad. He's merely gone hormonal.

 Timmy: Miguel likesuys?
 Tabitha: No, you twit. Miguels merely responding to kay's -- a laharity's --
advances. He has no idea that he's getting- -it on withisrue love's scming
cousin.
 Timmy: How could miguel know? Timmy can't even see the difference.

 Tabitha: I know, timmy. That's what's so perct about this s ell.

 Kay: [As charity] thanks again foratisfying my cravings. I feel so much
better now.
 Miguel: I'm glad you're not having any more premonitions. You know, that one
about someone having a baby that would cause pain really scared me. I can't
imagine how a baby could hurt someone. You know, they're supposed to bring joy
to people's lives.
 Kay: I know. I think having baby is the most wonderful thing that can ha pen
to a couple.
 Tabitha: That kay's a clever one. She's already laying the groundwo k for her
plan of getting pregnant by miguel so that he will leave charity and marry her.


 Miguel: I think about us having our own baby all+

 he ime.
 Kay: Eally? &amp;
 Miguel: I love babies. You know, I can't wait for us to havene- That is when
we're married + and we can afford it, of course.
 Kay: I can't wait, either.&amp; I think having a baby will bring so much closer
together.
 Tabitha: This is going to work out even better than i hoped for, timmy.
Miguelasn't got a clue that he's playing right into kay's nursery plans.&amp;

 Beth: Luis?
 Luis: Hey.
 Beth: You've een go so long, i was starting toorry.

 Luis: Yeah. I'm ok. Ateast i will be once theresa signs those annulment
papers. We can forge that she was ever maied to julian,nd -- and theresa and
ethan can get marriejust like they planned.
 Beth: For once, a haY ending.
 Luis: No, I still hate tha julian took advantage of theresa. Just the thought
of him just touching her andutting that ring on her finger --
 beth: Hey -- why n't I get you out of here, you know, away from julian? +

 Luis: No. Theresa hasn't signe the annulment pape s yet. And besides, you
know, ts --&amp; this placeeminds me of sheridan. It was a special place fors.
Sheridanlways loved that my father built this gazebo for my mom when we lived on
the estate and he e en
 lanted special rosebushes for her.&amp; Sheridan loved the fragrance of those
rosebushes. We spent a lot of time here. I even asked her to marry me here. She
said yes.
 Beth: I'm sorry. I didn't know.
 Luis: You know, I've ust been standing here, thinking about all the good
Times we had together, all the plans we made and dreams we shared. Everywhere i
look, you know, it remin me of sheidan. I just don't see that changing.
 Beth: You know, it's so soon after --
 luis: And I know sheridan wouldn't want me to mourn forever. - She'd want me
to move on. I just don't see how i can. She's iny heart, my soul. She always
will be. I love her. And I miss her God, miss her so much.
 Sheridan: Well, brian? Is there someone or something that you're trying to
avoid + in Harmony?
 Brian: No. It's just that since you decided not to sail back with me, I
ealized i didn't want to be away from you that long, so i decidedo stay here
instead.
 Sheridan: But I want to go now. I don't know why, but I just feel like
Harmony has someind of link t my past. - But I won't be able to find out until I
see the place firsthand.
 Brian: It's just -- it's betterf we stay here on the island, you know?

 Sheridan: Is there something morehat you're not telling me? Because you were
so excited bere.
 Brian: I know. I know i was, and I changed my mind, hat's all.

 His woman, beth -- &amp; shs just going to have to nd somebody else to sail that
boat back to Harmony because I'm not going to do it.
 Ethan: Is everything ok? You two have been in here &amp; soong, i was starting +
to wor y. + Theresa, you've been crying. Something's wrong. Are you sick? Is
that why she fainted earlie ?
 Pplook -- theresa, it's going to be ok. Whatever is wrong, we'll get through
this together. Now, just tell me what it is. Te me what's w ong.
 Singer: You are my passion for life
 miguel: Charity, you know, I'm -- i'm reay happy that you're as excited + as
i m about having children. And -- and i think having a baby really bonds a
couple together.
 Kay's voice: That's wha I'm countingn. &amp;

 Kay: [As charity] &amp; i know a baby bonds a couple together.

 Miguel: Charity, i think that i should b ing those to theitchen. I'll be
right back.
&nbsp;
 Kay: Miguel said how much a babyonds Couple toge her. Now i know my plan will
work.
 Kay: I have miguel so turned - on, we'll be picking out baby names before he
knows it!
 Charity: I know that evil is in this house and it's trying to hurt me.

 Grace: Charity, i wis you would just go back to bed and rest.

 Kay's voice: Oh, no. That sounds like my mom and charity are heading
downstairs. I can' le them see me this way.
 P kay: Ok. I ve to tu nyselback into kay, and fast!

&nbsp;
 Grace: Charity,ince you won't lay down and rest, - I think I'll make you some
warm milk. Maybe that'll relax you and make these premonitions sto .
 Charity: I wishhey'd stop for good.
 Grace: I don't think that's going toappen, sweetie. I think you're always
going + to have them. &amp; But, you know, i have them, too, androm what david says,
I guess I always have. You know, it may not seem like it but God gave us this
gift.
 Charity: Kay and jessica
 pdon' seemo have premonitions.
 Grace: No. But hey are standish women, - so maybe they wi l gethis same gif .
And then they can he youight &amp; foGoodness
 charity: Yeah. Unless this giftakes them in different direction -- away from
good ess. &amp;
 Luis: You know, I'm -- i'm
 eally sorry that I wasn't able to sail your dad's boat back to Harmonyor you
+
 th: Don't worry about it. I talked to l z -- that woman

 hatuns the hotel + + in st. Lisa's -- and she said she'd find some peopo sail
it back fo me.
 Is: That's great.
 Just being on that island was so s range, hough.

 Beth: How so?
 Luis: I know it soun wei d. When i'm in mony, i think about sheridan all the
time, but I know tha she's gone. But when ias down there on that island, I
didn't ust think about e . I felt her, like -- like she was real, like i could
reach out and touch her. And I wonder why that was. What was it that was down on
that island that made her elo close to me?
 Sheridan: Thanks, liz.
 Liz: Sure.
 Liz: You must really have a good reason for not wanting to o to Harmony.
Look, I knowt's taboo around here to ask about people'sas . It -- it just seems
like you're trying to avoid the boat owner, + beth, or her friend, luis. I mean,
why else would ou tell diana that you refuse to leave
 pnow t at younow she's changed her mind and wants to go? &amp;

 Brian: Well, swordfish isn't the only thing you grill around here, liz.&amp;

 Liz: Brian, i know you were + &amp; looking forward to spending time alone with
her on the boat. You were hoping she'd all &amp; in love with you.
 Brian: She can fall in love with me here just as easy on dry land.

 Liz: All ight,ook. Everyone's iding something re. That's howe ended up n this
island. I'm just letting you know that - if you ever want to talkbout why you
don't want to go to Harmony, then i'm here.
 Brian: Right back you,
 iz. Onl there's nothing to talk abou@.
 Liz: Brian's hiding something. But, then, so am i.

 &amp;
 Ethan: Hey --
 ook, heresa, i love you. But if you're sick, I'm here fo you all the way.
Look, and I can tell you're scared, alGht, but it's going to be ok. You remember
our promise not toee any secrets from eac other. + So isomething's wrong, i nee
to know the truth.
 Theresa: It'sothing. No, nothing is w ong.

 Eve: Theresa's fine. It's just her blood pressure drop ed and she fainted.
That's all. &amp;
 P ethan: I mean, are you sure she's al righ ? That'sll it is? +

 Eve: Yes.
 Ethan: Wait. No, some hing's going on, &amp; and I think I knowT it is. ñ?

 Wisdom om heoo
 Grace: Why do you think kay and jessica's owers could take them in a
different rection, away from goodness? -
 Charity: I don't know, but -- but i cannot shake the feeling that evil is in
this house.
 Grace: Oh, and if it is, it's certainly not coming from my girls. I mean, ok,
kay isownstairs and she's certainly not perfect, But she's not evil.
 Charity: Ok. I dn't say that she was. + - I can't help what I've seen in my
premonitions. + &amp;
 Here's something or omeone - working to try and tear miguel&amp; and me apart.


 Pthat i know. P grace: Well, I loveay, and I can't believe she is the source
of this evil that + you are eling, and iertainly can't believe At she's trying
to tear miguel away om you. - -But,harity, ifay were to eve urt you or to try to
come between you and miguel, I would stand by you.
 P charity: Evenhough kay is your daughter and I am just your niece?

 Grace: Swee heart, you have never been just a niece to me. I love you like
you'rey own &amp; &amp; daughter. &amp; And I would suppor you while i tried toelp kay come
to her senses. Ok? Come on.
 Kay's voice: I haveo tur myself back into me before charity and myom see me
like -this. They'd think was the evil that charity's feeling.
 Timmy: Uh-oh. - If grace and charity come downstairs, they'll see kay as
chari y.
 Tabitha: Yeah. Good thing miguel's in kitchen &amp; so kay has time to change he
self back.
 Miguel: Charity? -
 Tabitha: Me and my big mouth.
 Miguel: Hey. - Kay: [As charity] hey.
 Miguel: I just remembere &amp; thatou wanted some pizza earlier with your ice
cream. Should i heat you up a sce?
 Kay: Yes! That is such a great idea. Just make sure it's suer hot, &amp; ok?

 Miguel: Ok. + Anything for you, charity. &amp;

 Kay: Oh.
 Tabitha: Go, gi l, go. You haven't go much time. -

 Kay: I have to change myself -back, and fast!

 Eve: Ethan! -
 Ethan: What? No, I just -- I noticed you made a ote here about theresa being
on bir h con rol. I mean, is that what caused he blood pressureo drop, pmaking
her faint? P eve: No. Birtcontrol didn't causeTheresa to faint.&amp; It was julian
discharging his weapon.
 Ethan: Well -- I mean, I just want to make sure theresa being on birth
control &amp; is safe.
 Pi mean, we do want to have children someday, but not until &amp; I get my law p
actice up and running. I mean we can'tven think about having children until
then. T if the pill is making theresa sick, then we should, you knownstry
something else.
 Eve: No. - No, the pill isn't a problem.
 Ethan: Oh, good. I was -- I was st afraid thatt was making her sick. Well,
hopefully you won't have + to be on the pill that long. I can' wait to have
children. I'm really looking forward to the first time heresa's pregnant. You
know, it's just --&amp; it's amazing thinking -- knowing that my child is growing in
theoman i love. &amp;
 Ethan: You know, when found out I wasn't a crane i was real uet.- But now,
aer julian's latest &amp; stunt,'M so glad thereon't be a drop of c ane lood in
theresa's and my children.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
 Ethan: If you're eling ok, why don't we sign these annulment papers, get
julianut ofur lives forever.
 Theresa: Yeah. - I'm ust going to freshen up.

 Ethan: Al right. Well, I'll go get luis, and then we'll meet in the livingoom.


 Theresa: Ok.
 Theresa: You heard what &amp; &amp; he said, dr. Russel . There's no way ethan could
eve ge past he fact that i'm pregnant with julian'saby. - What have I done? &amp;
What have I done?
 Brian: You've been at that a while.
 Sheridan: Yeah, I -- i felt
 plooking at the map andhe towns - that are surrounding Harmony might spark a
memory. But it didn'T.
 Brian: I'm sorry.
 Sheridan: Me, too. Maybe Harmony sounds familiar

 ecause I -- i passed through there on a skirip like you anliz did. Maybe
someone just happened toention it one day. I don't know. For some reason, this
rmony
 pstrikes a chord withe.
 Brian: Going back to Harmony -- it means a lot to you, doesn't it? -

 Sheridan: Yes, brian.
 Piteans t world to me.
 Brian's voice: I can't do pit -- not now. Not when beth and luis could be in
the mix. But look at diana. It'll break her heart if she doesn't go to Harmony.
I couldn't live withyself for hurting her.
 Brian: All right.&amp; Fine, I'll go. P sheridan: What? +

 Brian: We'll sail this beth &amp; womas boat back to Harmony.

 Sheridan: Oh, brian --&amp; thank you, thank you, thank you!

 Ian: Yeah, anything fo you, diana.
 Sheridan: You know, I don't know what this Harmony means+ to me, but i just
have a feeling that it's t e ight thing o do by going there.
 Brian: I hope so.
&nbsp;
 Kay: There has to be a spell in here to turn myself back to me!

 Charity: I hope i'm wrong about kay.
 Grace: Well, I'm sure you are.
 Kay: Oh, no. Charity and my mom are coming down!

 Grace: I mean, she would never try to split you&amp; and miguel up. And if she
did, how could she possib make miguel love her?
 [Kay groans]
 kay: I -- i -- I can't go out the front door. If go out, charit and my mom
will see me. Ifo out he back, miguel will see me. He's in the kitchen. If i
can'tind a spell to change me back, i'm done for! &amp; &amp;
 Timmy: The jig is up, princess.- Kay's a goner.

 Tabitha: Yeah, if she's caught, our role in this oppelganger disaster will be
-exposed, and we'll be gone along wi h her. Oh.














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site





















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Tuesday 12/4/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Tuesday 12/4/01
  By Suzanne Lanoue
&nbsp;

 Kay: Mom and charity will be down here any second. If they see me as charity,
it will be all over. I have goto find a spell in here to change me back to
myself.
 Timmy: Timmy never thought he'd feel sorry for kay, but he does. She really
blew it this time.
 Kay: Spin to the left, spin to the ight, spin me into the one miguel loves.


 Tabitha: She'd better turn herself back into kay quickly before anyone else
finds out what happened. If i force her to tell about the book of spells, it'll
come out that i'm a witch and it'll be over for both of us.
 Grace: She would never try to split you and miguel up. And if she did, how
could she possibly make miguel not love you? Charity, i don't want you to worry.
I mean, I don't think she would, but if kay were to do anything evil, I would
stand by you.
 Kay: Oh, my God. I've got to hurry.
 Timmy: Better do something fast, princess.

 Tabitha: There's nothing i can do!
 Sheridan: You really changed your mind? You're really going to sail back to
Harmony with me?
 Brian: As soon as we get the boat loaded.
 Sheridan: Brian, thank you. Thank you so much. I don't know why it suddenly
means so much to me to go to this town, this Harmony, but it does. I don't even
know if i've ever been to this part of the country, but for some reason i'm
drawn to it. I don't know why, but I have a feeling that this tripould change my
life.
&nbsp;
 Brian's voice: I'm taking a chance going to Harmony. But if that change in
your life includes me, it'll be worth it.
 Ethan: Luis. Where's beth?
 Luis: She left.
 Ethan: You ok?
 Luis: Yeah. I just feel close to sheridan when i'm here. It's where i
proposed to her.
 Ethan: Yeah, I know.
 Luis: You know, the strange thing is when I was down on the island, i felt
even closer to her. Sometimes when i was down there, I -- i swear I felt like i
could reach out and touch her. Maybe I'm going nuts thinking about her.
 Ethan: If something happened to theresa, I could never stop thinking about
her.
 Luis: The worst thing has already happened. Theresa married julian, which is
as bad as it's going to get. As soon as theresa signs those annulment papers,
she'll never have to lookt that lowlife julian again.
 Pilar: I know ethan said theresa is ok, but why is she still in the library
with eve?
 Sam: You know what kind of a doctor eve is. She's he best, thorough. She just
wanted toake absolu ely sure theresa was ok.
 Pilar: I just can't imagine why she fain ed.

 Sam: She was probably just startled because julian fired His gun. How ivy
could live under the same roof wi h that man, even for a day --
 pilar: Julian is a pig. But even i could never imagine that he could do this
to my daughter.
 Julian: What is keeping theresa?
 Harper: Well, for your sake, I hope nothing'srong.

 Julian: Her fainting certainly wasn't my fault. Stress, that's all.

 Harper: Perhaps not just stress. The girl could be pregnant.

 Julian: God.
 Theresa: God, what I have done? This will keep ethan and me apart forever.


&nbsp;
 Theresa: This thing inside me -- it can't be ethan's? It's julian's? God. My
life is over. I don't know how i'm going to go out there and face ethan now.

 Eve: Shh. Don't say anything. I'll be r ght back.

 Eve: How long have you been out here, ivy?

 Ivy: Long enough.
 Eve: And what did you hear?
 Ivy: Oh, plenty. I knew i was right about theresa. I knew she was keeping
something from ethan.
 [Captioning made possible by the national broadcasting company]

 eve: If i were you, ivy, i'd be careful what i say.

 Ivy: Don't tell me that you're going to efend her, eve. I heard theresa admit
it.
 Eve: Admit what?
 Ivy: That she had done some hing that would separate her and ethan forever.


 Eve: Ivy --
 ivy: Oh, please. Don't deny it.
 Eve: And don't you jump to any destructive conclusions.

 Ivy: I will do whatever i have to do to protect my son. I told him that
theresa was a conniver and a liar + that she had a secret. Well, maybe now he'll
believe me. So, what is it?
 Eve: You are so way off base, ivy.
 Ivy: No, I don't think so.
 Eve: All theresa is worried about is what ethan will think about her for
inting.
 Ivy: Fainting?
 Eve: She's afraid that he's going tohink that she's frail and he won't want
to marry her.
 Ivy: Oh, please. Don't hand me that.
 Eve: All you heard were the fears of a young woman desperately in love with a
young man who happens to be your son. So just go spy someplace else, ivy, while
i reassure my patient that ethan will always love her no matter what.
 [Door slams]
 ivy: Oh, I don't believe you, eve, not forne minute. Theresa is hiding
something, and I intend to find out what it is. I will stop this marriage if
it's the last thing i do.
 Theresa: How can I ever thank you? I mean, if you would've told ivy that i'm
carrying julian's child, she --
 eve: Honey, this isn't over yet. Now, i don't know how long you're going to
be able to keep the truth from ethan and your family.
 Theresa: And luis, he --
 eve: But the longer that you can keep ivy from hearing First, the better off
you'll be. Ivy takes no prisoners. And I would hate for you to be suffering when
it should be the most wonderful time of your l fe.
 Theresa: It really is a miracle, isn't it? A baby growing inside of me. You
know, my whole life I've thought about the wonder of having a baby. But it was
always going to be ethan's, not julian'S. One mistake, one night, and now my
life is ruined!
 Pilar: It took a lot of strength to forgive theresa for marrying julian.

 Sam: Ethan loves her, and love is about forgiving.

 Pilar: Yeah, well, I hope his love is strong enough.

 Sam: You mean strong enough to withstand ivy?

 Pilar: Well, partly, yes. A marriage can be so difficult in the beginning,
sam. And you don't want outsiders, p rticularly a mother-in-law, interfering.
And I'm afraid that ivy will be - constantl trying toome between them.
 Sam: I think you're wrong about ivy. and she said she'd back off.

 Pilar: For a policeman, you're a trusting soul, sam. What ivy says and what
she does --
 sam: I believed her.
 Pilar: She's not the woman you once knew, sam. Being married to julian has
changed her, and i don't think she's going to go back to being that woman she
was 20 years ago.&amp;
 Sam: Well, I hope you're wrong, pilar, as far as ethan and theresa are
concerned. Based on my relationship with grace, if two people truly love each
other, they can overcome anything, any obstacle.
 Pilar: Well, no one hopes you are right more than me. But I'm afraid that
theresa and ethan are going to need a great deal of luck.PGrace: I on' want +
you to worry, charity. You've already been through so much.
 Grace: Tabitha? Do you know where kay is?
 Tabitha: Kay? No, grace, i don't.
 Charity: Grace, i feel the evil in this room.

 Grace: Charity senses that something bad is happening here.

 Tabitha: Oh, dear.
 Grace: I'm trying to show her that she's mistaken.

 Charity: Miguel is back. He must be in the kitchen with kay.

 Timmy's voice: If kay is in the kitchen as charity --

 tabitha: We're in big trouble.
 Miguel: Charity. Hey.
 Kay: Hey, honey.
 Miguel: Here you go.
 Kay: Mmm, thanks.
 Miguel: One slice of pizza for my favorite girl. You ok? You're not having
any more premonitions about a baby wrecking lives, are you?
 Kay: No, uh-uh. You know what? I just forgot something upstairs, so i'll just
be back in one minute.
 Miguel: Hey, before you go -- one more kiss.

 Kay: I'll be back in just one minute, ok?
 Miguel: I'll get you a soda.
 Kay: Mm-hmm.
 Tabitha: No, no, no! You don't want to go in there.

 Grace: Why not?
 Tabitha: Because -- because miguel is cooking a surprise pizza for charity. +


 Grace: Oh.
 Charity: He's just warming it up.
&nbsp;
 Charity: Miguel.
 Miguel: That was quick.
 Charity: What?
 Miguel: Ready for another slice already?
 Charity: Another slice? I haven't had my first.

 Miguel: What are you talking about? I just gave you one.

 Kay: Where is it? Where did I drop it? There it is. Ok. I have to find the
right spell + to get back to being kay before i'm caught.
 Liz: So you're going to take diana and set sail for Harmony?

 Brian: Her wish is my command.
 Liz: What is it about this town of Harmony, diana, that seems to have a hold
on you?
 Sheridan: I wish i knew. For some reason I just feel this -- I don't know,
this pull to go there.
&nbsp;
 Brian: Diana, what is it?
 Sheridan: Do they have gazebos in Harmony?

 Liz: I don't know why they wouldn'T. I think they have gazebos everywhere.


 Brian: Why do you ask?
 Sheridan: I don' know. I just had this memory of the man i told you about,
the man that died. I saw him standing in a gazebo.
 Luis: It's just that whenever i'm ne the gazebo, i have such an overwhelming
sense of sheridan's presence.
 Ethan: I know how rough this is for you, luis.

 Luis: Well, we should get back. I'm sure theresa is ready to sign those
annulment papers by now.
 Eve: Theresa, you listen to me. A mother has an obligation

 o her unborn child.
 Theresa: I know.
 Eve: From now on, thehild has got to come first. You have to think about that
babyrowing in yourtomach before you even think of yourself, regardless of who
the father is.
 Theresa: I understand what you're saying, dr. Russell. I do.

 Eve: Oh, theresa, i've known you ever since you were a little baby. I know
your dreams and your little fantasies. This is reality now, sweetheart. Weave to
deal with it. You're going to have to tell ethan and julian that you're carrying
julian's child.
 Theresa: No, wait. I've got it.
 Eve: What
 theresa: I don't know why i didn't think of this before. This will solve
everything. I'll just -- i'll say the baby is ethan's.
 Eve: Oh, theresa.
 Theresa: No, no one has to know. And it would be wonderful for the baby. I
mean, ethan -- he will be a much better father than julian.
 Eve: Oh, no, theresa, Honey, i'm begging you. Don't make the same mistake
that ivy made. Her not telling ethan that sam was his real father has caused
them untold grief and heartache. Now, i'm not saying that you have to tell
ethanoday.
 Theresa: Oh, I couldn't. I mean, not to ay.

 Eve: Yes. But the sooner the better. Because the onger you wait the harder it
is, and you're going to start to show soon and ethan is going to see that - you'
eregnant.
 Theresa: No. No. No. No. The moment that I tell ethan that i am pregnant with
julian's child -- i mean, it'll be over between us. He'll never look at me
again!
 Eve: Oh, honey, you don't know that.
 Theresa: Yes. He'l kill julian and then he'll go to prison, and my life and
the baby's --
 eve: Now, sweetie -- now, you relax now. Relax.

 Theresa: Dr. Russell, haven't you ever kept a secret? I mean, a terrible
secret that you knew if it came out it would hurt people?
 Eve: My baby died, ivy.
 Ivy: Are you sure about that?
 Eve: They brought him to me in the hospital right after he was born. He was
so beautiful, so tiny. But I was tired, so they took him to the nursery. After a
while, the doctor came back and said that something had happened, that my -- my
son had died. I know what it's like to lose a baby and to keep it a secret your
whole life. And you just wish that you could unburden yourself o the people that
you love.
 Theresa: What -- what do you mean? Are you saying that you --

&nbsp;
 Miguel: So, what was wrong with the first slice i gave you? Wasn't hot
enough?
 Timmy: How's tabby going to get kay out of this one?

 Tabitha: Oh. If they figure out what she's up to, we're kaput, kiddo.

 Kay: Ok. I can't let mom, miguel, or charity find out that i'm in charity's
body. There has got toe the right spell in here to change me back to myself. 57
--
 miguel: Looks like you really didn't like it.

 Charity: What?
 Miguel: The first slice. But never mind. Here, have another one, all right?
It's hot, it's pepperoni. I know how much you like pepperoni.
 Charity: Thanks.
 Miguel: You know, and it's really good that you're not having any more
premonitions about a baby ruining people's &amp; lives.
 Grace: Well, now, when did you tell miguel that you spped having premonitions
about the --
 Charity: I didn't say anything about that. I didn't say anything.

 Miguel: Sure you did.
 Charity: No. No, I didn't.
 Tabitha: We've got to get kay out of here. They can't see her. Come on.

 Theresa: I don't understand. You know what it's like to have

 pa baby and keep it a secret your whole life?

 Eve: I had a patient who told me that --hat she wished that she had told her
loved ones about a baby that she had had years ago. But she was afraid, and
she's lived to regret it.
 Theresa: What happened to the baby?
 Eve: It died soon after birth.
 Theresa: Oh, that's awful.
 Eve: The woman's husband still doesn't know that she had a baby from another
man.
 Theresa: It's still a secret?
 Eve: Yes, he doesn't know to this day.
 Theresa: God, how sad.
 Eve: Yes, but it's history, and we have to deal with the problem at hand.
Julian is the father of your baby, theresa, and at some point ethan has got to
know it. You're going to have to face it, honey. You're pregnant.
 Theresa: This is julian's fault. I despise that man. And ivy. When she finds
out the truth, she's going to make sure ethan hates me forever.
 Ivy: Well. It appears i was right.
 Sam: About what?
 Ivy: I just overheard theresa telling eve that she has a secret that will
split her and ethan up forever.
 Sam: You didn'T.
 Ivy: Theresa is a liar. She shouldn't be allowed to marry our son. She'll
ruin his future.
 Sam: Damn it, ivy. You said you wouldn't interfere, and you broke your word.


 Ivy: I had to. It's for ethan's sake. It's his future!

 Sam: I don't believe theresa has any big secret.

 Ivy: Well, she does, sam. I even asked eve what it was. She pretended like i
misunderstood what theresa was talking about.
 Pilar: Then why don't you believe her and leave it at that?

 Ivy: Because eve russell is as bad a liar as your daughter is.

 Pilar: Ivy --
 sam: Pilar. Now, i want you to stop with these accusations.

 Ivy: But I --
 sam: And stay out of ethan's life. Let him and theresa work out their own
problems.
 Pilar: Luis.
 Mijo, are you all right?
 Luis: Yeah, I'm fine. I'm going to feel a whole lot better after crane signs
the annulment papers because i'm going to smash him in his face before the ink
is dry.
 Sam: Now, you do that --
 luis: Yeah, you know what? That is going to make me feel a whole lot better.


 Sam: Luis, you do that, you're going to blow your career as cop.

 Pilar: They'll throw you in jail, luis.
 Sam: The best thing you can do right now is get out of here.

 Pilar: Sam is right. You're hotheaded. Just go, cool down.

 Ethan: Luis, don't worry about theresa. I'm looking after her interests. I'll
see that the papers are signed and julian is out of her life for good.
 Pilar: Please, mijo, for me. For my sake. I just can't handle anything else
bad hap ening. Please, go. Call the island and see if the boat's come u .
 Luis: All right. All right, i'll go. But I'm coming back.

 Pilar: Thank you.
 Luis: You know theresa's future is in your hands.

&nbsp;
 Julian: Well, here she is. Ahem. Let's get this ove with, harper.

 Harper: Does anyone present have reason to object to these papers being
signed? Or are there any particulars unknown to either party that might directly
affect the annulment of their marriage? If so, speak up now.
 Ivy: Theresa? Do you have something to say?

 Singer: You are my passionor life
 kay: I've got to get myself away from evil and back to being kay before
miguel finds out what i did. This book -- this book is the source of all of my
problems!
 Ugh!
 Tabitha: Without that book, she's a dead duck, timmy.

 Miguel: What's going on, charity? It's like we're in a time warp or
something.
 Charity: I don't --
 grace: You know what? I'm going to let you two figure out who said exactly
what and to whom. But just remember, you know, the important thing is that you
guys love each other.
 Miguel: Look, your aunt grace is right. It doesn't matter who said what, just
as long as we love each other.
 Charity: Oh, miguel.
&nbsp;
 Grace: Charity. I just left you in the kitchen with miguel.

 Kay: Right. Well, I just -- I came in the back to find something.

 Grace: Oh. Wasn't that strange how miguel thought you had a slice of pizza
when you hadn't yet?
 Tabitha: Strange? You don't know the half of it.

 Kay: Yeah, it's so strange.
 Grace: Well, I'm just so glad to see that you and miguel are happy.

 Kay: Oh. Oh, you have nothing to worry about. Miguel and i will always be
happy together.
 Grace: You know, I think that's right, charity. And I know i've said this,
but it's worth saying again -- I will always love you as if you were my own
daughter.
 Kay: Really?
 Grace: I know you're worried about kay trying to come between you and miguel.
But if kay tries anything, I will stand by your love for miguel. Look, you're a
good girl. And I love kay. I st -- I just wish sometimes she could be a little
bit more like you.
 Tabitha: Oh. + Hearing that from her own mother. Kay is not going to like
that at all.
 Timmy: Grace is right. Kay should be more like her cousin charity and stop
trying to steal miguel away from her cousin.
 Tabitha: Oh.
 Kay: Well, if you don't like me the way i am now, mom, you'll sure hate what
i'm going to become.
 Luis: Just cool off, luis. Everything's under control. Just do what mama said
-- check on the boat, see what's going on.
 [Phone rings]
 liz: Hey, diana, will youo me a favor and get that phone?

 Sheridan: Oh, sure. Hello?
 Luis: Hello?
 Sheridan: I can't hear you --
 luis: Hello?
 Sheridan: I'm sorry. Hold on, it's a bad connection. Liz?

 Liz: Oh, I'll fix it. Hello?
 Luis: Liz?
 Liz: Yes?
 Luis: Was that you who just answered the phone right now? I couldn't hear. It
was a bad connection.
 Liz: Diana. The guest you never met.
 Luis: Oh. Oh. Look, I just wanted to call and say sorry that i had to run out
like that. I had some family trouble.
 Liz: Don't worry about it.
 Luis: You know, I really appreciate everything you did for me, liz.

 Liz: Hey, i loved having you here. I was just sorry you couldn't stay longer
-- you know, meet diana.
 Luis: Yeah. That would've been nice.
 Liz: But brian is sailing beth's boat back to Harmony with diana aboard.
You'll have a chance to meet her when they get there.
 Luis: Oh, that's great. Look, tell them I'd like to have dinner them. It'll
be nice to finally meet her.
 Liz: If you didn't meet her in another life.

 Luis: What?
 Liz: Nothing.
 Ivy: Well, theresa? Is there something you want to say?

 Theresa: No. I just want to sign the papers.

 Sam: As soon as theresa signs the papers, she'll be rid of julian for good.


 Eve: Yes. Thank God for that.
 Ethan: What is it, mother?
 Ivy: Something you should know about theresa.

 Ethan: Not now.
 Ivy: I overheard her talking to eve. She was talking about something that
would keep the two of you apart forever. She is keeping something from you
again, ethan.
 Ethan: Now is not the time.
 Ivy: Don't you see she is no good?
 Ethan: Mother, I have more important things to do than to listen to what you
think you overard.
 Ivy: She admitted it, ethan. She knows she has done something and she knows
she has lost you.
 Ethan: I'm sure that theresa hasn't done anything to make me stop loving her.
All right? She told me there are no more secrets and I believe her. Are you
ready?
 Theresa: More than ready.
 Ethan: Ok. I looked over a copy of the annulment, and everything's in order.


 Theresa: Ok.
 Ethan: I'm looking into your best interests.

 Harper: You're not asking for money, correct?

 Theresa: That's right. I want nothing from julian. &amp;

 Ethan: Save for an apology, admitting that he tricked her into marriage.

 Julian: Oh, what -- this is outrageous. I had absolutely no intention of
marrying theresa. I didn't trick her.
 Harper: Julian, apologize to the young lady and let's get this over with.

 Julian: I regret -- uh, that's -- I'm sorry. Perhaps I did mislead theresa in
marrying me.
 Harper: Satisfied?
 Ethan: Will that do?
 Theresa: Yes, definitely. Let's end this now.

 Ethan: Ok. Well, then, I think it's time to sign the annulment papers. Unless
--
 sam: Unless what?
 Ethan: Well, I mean, seeing how there was no intimacy between the
participants, there's really no point in bringing it up.
 Ivy: Bringing what up?
 Charity: Where's kay? I haven't seen her for a while.

 Miguel: Me, neither.
 Charity: Makes me uneasy somehow.
 Kay: My own mother has turned against me, siding with charity. Gloves are off
now. I'll do whatever i have to do to get miguel, be as evil as i have to be.
But I'll get him. To hell with the consequences!
 Tabitha: That's my girl.
 Timmy: But what about
 he book of evil spells? Timmy and tabby have to find the right spell to get
the real kay back.
 Tabitha: Yeah, you're right, timmy. And we'd better move fast before charity
bumps into charity. + Come on.
 Liz: Hey, guys. You want to have dinner with the guy that left before diana
got to meet him?
 Sheridan: Sure, I'd love to have dinner with your mystery guest.

 Liz: Looks like you got yourself a date for dinner.

 Luis: Great. Maybe we can talk about why the island brought back such strong
memories of the woman i loved and lost. Oh, that place ad such a hold on me.

 Liz: Yeah. Well, Harmony seems to have A real hold on brian and diana, too.


 Luis: Really? Why? Were they ever here? Maybe I met them.

 Ivy: Well, go on, ethan. What did you want to ask?

 Ethan: Look, just forget it. I already know the answer.

 Ivy: Julian, do younow what he's talkingbout?

 Julian: All I want to do is sign the damned papers and be done with it.

 Ivy: Well, I,or one, want to know what you were going to ask. &amp;

 Ethan: Look, it's not worth it. And I told you i know the answer.

 Ivy: Well, if you're so certain of the answer, why not just go ahea and ask
the question? Then you'll leave no doubt in anyone's mind about the annulment.


 Pilar: Stop making &amp; trouble, ivy.
 Sam: Go ahead, ethan. Ask the question and get it over with.

 Ethan: All right. The question which i already know the answer to is this --
since there was no intimacy --
 julian: What is it, sweet theresa?
 Theresa: Don't touch me! What are we doing in bed with each other?

 Julian: Well, making love, of course.
 Theresa: No!
 Ethan: Since there was nontimacy, there can be no question of progeny. Say
theresa was pregnant was julian's child -- which she's not -- there would be
serious complications regarding an annulment. But you're not pregnant, are you,
theresa? 5,festival?Alabama's wh'S--neo
 -- wh'se a s - Est music sta ? 5, -
 now i a n aou e @ oci pst. - Y say I plan@ wi e@p e st ma's -E onomy gñ ñ we
tak ppyou voo grand o I g of new Nda ant us.ñ. I o bynk c menta p - C m en stan
i .ñ - E'll ve stm - ouUst ñ.
 O ymi urc egi s 's urnoy cross e couny
 pY. N ...E gents i.J. Fealge ts
 pacss eh N..ñSt tr.ñOn Nt. -
 Ing...E' t -a ama's anwi ee m nyay s lso stag. C y abou

 ñ Ñ ñ ñ ) ç ñ ç ç ç W ñ O AçJÑÑ ç Ñ ç ñ Ñ
 Charity: Something's not + right.
 Miguel: What isn't?
 Charity: I can't explain it. It's an awful feeling having to do with kay. I
think she's done something evil.
 Miguel: Charity -- charity, we've been through this, all right? I've known
kay my whole li. I can't believe she'd do anything that's evil.
 Charity: I know, and I hope you're right. But I still have to go find her.


 Timmy: Got it!
 Tabitha: Gimme, gimme, &amp;
 pgimme, gimme!
 Timmy: Ok.
 Tabitha: The spell,
 he spell -- if i don't come up with it, we're doomed, doomed!

&nbsp;
 Timmy: Oy.
 Liz: No, neither of them remembers being in Harmony. Maybe they assed through
as tourists or something.
 Luis: Well, if they do have a connection, they'll know it when they get here.


 Liz: If the weather holds, they'll be there soon.

 Luis: I'm looking forward &amp; to it.
 Sheridan: You know, even though the connection was staticky, for some reason
that man's voice sounded familiar.
 Brian: Familiar how?
 Sheridan: I don't know. I want to alk to him again.

 Brian: You know what? Now's probably not a good time. Why don't you wait till
we get to Harmony?
 Sheridan: No. I wanto talk to him now.
 Ethan: Look, theresa, it's just a formality. Just to be sure that we do
everything legally, just tell us that you're not pregnant and then, you know,
we'll be done with it for good.
 Pilar: Do it, mija. Tell ethan you're not pregnant and sign the
annulmentapers.
 Ethan: Theresa? Hey, look, it's just a legality. Just tell us you're not
pregnant.
 Something terrible is going to happen.













  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;
















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Wednesday 12/5/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;

Wednesday 12/5/01
  By Suzanne Lanoue
&nbsp;

 Tabitha: Oh. One spell. One spell -- that's all I need tourn kay back into
herself. Why can't I find the body &amp; thing?
 Timmy: Oh -- too la e. ,
 Charity: Evil. Evil.
 Charity: Miguel, help me! Miguel, evil.
 Miguel: What are you talking about, charity? -

 Charity: Miguel, miguel, I saw evil. It's here. It's in the house. Where's
kay?
 Timmy: It's over, tabby. Kay's not going to get away t is time.

 Ethan: Theresa, it's just a formality. +
 Pjust to be sure we do everything legally, just tell us that you'reot
pregnant anwe can be done with it.
 Pilar: Do it, mija. Tell ethan you're not pregnant and sign the annulment
papers.
 Ethan: Theresa, just --ust make it official. &amp; Tell us you're not pregnant. +


 -
 Ethan: Theresa?
 Pilar: Theresa, are you still not feeling well, mija?

 Theresa: No, mama. &amp;
 Ethan: It's got to be the tension. She's still stressed out about Keeping her
marriage to julian a secret.
 Phow can you blame her?
 Pilar: That must be it. +
 Ethan: Theresa, don'torry. There are no more secrets.

 Ivy: Look at her, sam. I am telling you, she is still keeping something from
ethan.
 Sam: All I see is a young woman under an incredible amount of stress.

 Ivy: She's going to hurt our son again. I know it.

 Sam: Why would she do that&amp; when sheoves him?

 Ivy: I'm telling you --
 sam: No. Theresa would never do any hing to hurt ethan.

 Pnever.
 Harper: Could she be pregnant?
 Julian: Dear God.
 Harper: Look at her face. Look at the guilt in her eyes.

 Julian: Oh, God. I don't even want to think about it.

 Harper: Well, you're going to have to think about t, julian, because if s e
is carrying your child and ethan and luis find out, they'll kill you.
 Sheridan: As soon as liz is through, i want to talk to her mystery guest.

 Luis: I will never forget your hospitality, liz.

 Liz: Well, there's plenty more where that came from. Listen, I'm counting on
you coming back down here to visit again real soon.
 Luis: First chance i get. Look, thanks again for setting up your friends to
sail beth's boat back up here.
 Liz: Glad i could help.
 Luis: Well, I hope brian and diana have a safe trip.

 Liz: I'l pass that on. I'm just sorry you didn't have a chance to meet them
while + you were ere. I really feel likeou could've had a connection with diana,
seeing as how she lost the love of her life, too.
 Luis: Well, I will get to meet her and brian when they get here. And maybe
they can tell me more about the island, why I felt so close to the woman I loved
and lost when I was down there.
 Sheridan: There was just something so familiar about that man's voice, even
through the static. I have to talk to him, brian.
 Brian: You have amnesia, diana. I mean, you want to talk to everyone, hoping
that they'll&amp; - -beble elp you piece &amp; togetherou past. &amp;
 Sheridan: What's wrong with that?
 Brian: Nothing, except that you ge ting your hopes up could justead to a big
letdown when you find out that this guy can't tell you anything.
 Sheridan: Look, it's not that i'm so desperate to learn everything about my
past. It's just that this man -- I'm just curious about him, that's all. Liz,
are you done talking to him?
 Liz: Uh-huh.
 Sheridan: Can I -- please -- hello? Hello?

&nbsp;
 [Captioning madeossible by the national broadcasting company]

&nbsp;
 sheridan: Look, I know that we've never met, buthere is st something about
your voice, even through the static, +
 hat soundedo familiar. Hello? Are you there? He hung up.

 Liz: Probably because i'd already said good-bye.

 Sheridan: I really wanted to talk to him.
 Liz: Oh, I'm so ry. -But don't worry. You'll have plenty of time to talk to
him when you get up to Harmony. Heantso take you and brian to dinner.
 Harper: Itould be eerily ironic, wouldn't it, julian?

 Julian: &quot;Eerily ironic&quot;? What in the hell are you talking about?

 Harper: If it's true theresa is pregnant.
 Ere you had your sister kille so luis could not pry into crane secrets,nd now
you could have another little lopez fitzgerald to wor About.
 Julian: Why do you keep talking about the ossibility of theresa being
pregnant? Do you want me dead?
 Harper: Then who wou sign my checks?
 Julian: You just remember that. Now, get over there and make

 psure theresa signs those papers.
 Harper: Why don't we wind this thing up?
 Ethan: Yes. Theresa, areou feeling well enough to sign?

 Theresa: Yes. &amp; I just want this to end.

 Eve: Could I have just a moment with theresa alone? Just want toake sure she
won't faint again.
 Ethan: Yeah, that's a good idea.
 Eve: Theresa, are you sure &amp; - that you don't wan to tell ethan?

 Theresa: That i'm pregnant with julian's child?

 Eve: No more secrets.
 Theresa: I can'T. Dr. Russell, can't. Ethan will kill julian andpend the rest
of his life in prison.
 Eve: But it's going to come out, honey. Ethan's going to know. You can't keep
pregnancy a secret.
 Eresa: I just need time. You know, I need time right now to -- I'm confused.


 Eve: Sweetie, you are more than confused. You are in a state of shock. So
maybe you should put off signing until you can think this all through.
 Theresa: But if i don't sign, ethan will know something is wrong. And ivy is
watching me like a hawk. So have to.
 P eve: Ok. Ok. It's your ife. Ethan? She's eady now.

 Ethan: Good. All right. Harper? All ight, honey. Let's see. All you have to
do is sign on the xs and it'll albe over.+
&nbsp;
 Tabitha: If ever a girl was frozenn fear, that one is. +

 Timmy: What if miguel sees kay?
 Tabitha: He'lrealize that Charity was ight all along, that kay was reading
the book of evil spells and not the bible. And he's bound to figure out that she
-- she used some spell of some kind to turn herself into charity.
 Timmy: That woul n't be good for timmy and abby.

 Tabitha: No, it wouldn't, &amp; lad. It would be the end of us.

 Miguel: Charity, i don't know where kay is, but I don't want you to worry.


 Charity: Miguel, we're all in danger.
 Miguel: No, charity, we're ne.
 Charity: Miguel, I saw evil. It was right outside.

 Miguel: Ok. I'll go out there and check it out.

 Timmy: Don't just stand there, tabby. - Do something.

 Tabitha: Oh, yes, there must
 something. There must. Yes!
 Charity: Oh, miguel. Miguel, evil is here. I can feel i

 Miguel: Wait. T ere.
 Grace: Oh!
 [Grace gasps]
 charity: Oh --
 miguel: Oh, my God, mrs. Bennett.
 Grace: Miguel, what's going on?
 Charity: Aunt grace.
 Miguel: I'm so sorry.
 P grace: Um -- charity, what's happening? +

 Miguel: Charity felt that she saw evil in he e.

 Grace: Evil?
 Charity: Evil's ere, aunt grace.
 Miguel: Charity -- charity, what exactly did you see?

 Charity: Me. I saw me. -
 Grace: What?
 Charity: Evil disguised as me.
 Tabitha: Oh, rats. I'd better turn the lights back on.

 Grace: Oh, here must be a storm brewing.
 Miguel: Charity, there's no evil in here.
 Charity: Well, I still feel + it, and it'sery close.

 Tabitha: Oh, timmy --
 timmy: Find the right spell,
 rincess?
 Tabi ha: Well, the best way to find out is to try it, right, lad?

 Timmy: Go for it, princess. -
 Tabitha: &quot;Thunder and lightning out of the blue, get rid ofhis twosome, &amp; t
is blasted two
&nbsp;
 Timmy: Oh. Wrong spell, princess.
 Tabitha: Oh, hell's bells and buckets ofod. &amp;

 Grace: There is a storm coming.
 Charity: No! It's not a sto m! &amp; It's evil -- it's here! It's all around us!
ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú| |ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|
|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|
|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|ú|
 -
 Pilar: Everything is good now, mijo. Theresa just finishesigning the papers.


 Luis: Whatut julian?
 P pilar: He's going to sign them now, and t en &amp; this marriage wi l be erased
&amp; forever.
 Pilar: Luis- luis, it's almost over. Don't attack julian. He's not wortht.
Did you callhe islan
 Luis: Yes. + The boat is ready to be brough back.

 Ethan: Done. All right. Now, once those are final, you'll no longer be mrs.
Crane.
 Pwe can finally get married.
 Ivy: Not while there's still breath left in my body.

 Julian: Earn your keep. I want you to file those papers immediately. Free
from the lopez fitzgeralds once and for all.
 Ha per: Unless luis puts two and two together nd it adds up to you killing s
eridan.
 Luis: You damn hypocrite.
 Pilar: Luis --
 julian: Who? What?
 Luis: You. You made sheridan's life - miserable, and now suddenly you've got
some picture of her, pretendingo love her?
 Etn: Luis --
 julian: But I -- i --
 luis: You never did! You neve loved her r a second! It's your fault that
she's dead.
 Sheridan: That man In Harmony -- did he say why he wanted to take brian and
me ou to dinner when we get there?
 Liz: Well, I'm sure it's to thank ou for sailing his friend's boat back up.
But he also said that there was something about this island, something thatade m
feel close to the woman that he loved and he lost at sea. He seems very
interested in our little piece of paradise down here.
 Brian: Well, I know everything there is to know about it.

 Liz: Then you'll be able to answer s ques ions.

 Brian: I'll try.
 Sheridan: There are things about this island that just go beyond facts
andigures.
 Liz: You got that right.
 Sheridan: Even though I can't remember who i am or where i comeRom, i've had
so many memories on this island
 pof thean that I loved, the man that i lost. Maybe that's w i'm so interes ed
in someone else who lost the love of their life and had memories of her on this


 pisland.
 Liz: One way or the other, you'll finally get to meet.

 miguel: Charity, there's no one here.
 Charity: I'm telling you that i saw a living, breathing version of myself. It
was an evil force, miguel.
 Grace: Oh, charity.
 Charity: Listen to me, aunt grace. My premonitions are right. I know that
now. There's evil in the house. And here's a baby that's going to be born, and
it's going to hurt a lot ofeople. Now, this evil -- it's getting
 pstronger. So if we don't do something about it, it's going to destroy
everybody!
 Tabitha: &quot;Stamp your foot, give them the boot. Snap your fingers, fly away
ringers.&quot;
 Charity: Someow it's not as strong now. &amp; But I still feel i ve y close.

 P grace: Charity, after seeing our house implode, i can believe anything. And
I know that you can sense and feel things that the rest of us don'T. So we're
going to try o find
 pthis evil that you sense is near.
 Miguel: Ok. We'll search the house. Ok? If this evil's here, it's not getting
out. ,
 Miguel: All right, you guys stay here. I'm going to search the place,
starting with the basement.
 P timmy: If miguegoes to the basement, he'll see tabby's friends. &amp;

 Luis: You did it, julian. You're to blame for what happened to sheridan.

 Julian: I had nothing to do with her death.

 Luis: Well, maybe you didn't - exactly kill her, but you sure as hel tried to
wreck her life.
 Julian: I loved my sister.
 P luis: If you and your father hadn't tried to keep us apart, we wouldn't
have been onHat boat that exploded. We wouldn't have been caught in a hurricane.
Sheridan would still be alive.
 Sam: Come on, buddy.
 Luis: No, I am telling you, - julian, I amot going to let you ruin my
sister's life. Get off of me! From here on out, you're on notice,ou hear me? You
stay far away from my sister.
 Julian: You needn't worry about that. I veo intention of ever seeing eresa
again.
 Luis: Good. Because if you ever hurt her again, i will kill you.

 Pilar: Theresa?
 Theresa: Que, mama?
 Pilar: You go on ahead withuis and ethan. I want to check with the
housekeeping staff before i leave.
 Theresa: Ok.
 Luis: Let's go, sis.
 Theresa: Honey --
 ethan: Um- I'll be right back. I'll catch up with you. Theresa: Ok.

 Ethan: Mother, we're having a little celebration at pilar's ouse. And,
actually, you both are welcome to come. But, mother, for you, - There's one
condition -- I want you to set aside these crazy ideas about theresa keeping
something from me.
 Sam: I'd really love to celebrate with you, ethan, but i really need to get
backo grace.
 Ethan: Of course. I understand. Thanks, dad.

 Ivy: Well, there's not much for me to celebrate, is there? Now that the
annulment papers are signed, you're free to marry theresa, and that will be the
biggest mistake of your life.
 Ethan: Mother, we've been @hrough this before. All right, i p omised I
wouldn't marry theresa if she was keeping secrets, but she isn't.
 Ivy: Ethan, you are so blind.
 Ethan: She swore to me, and I believe her.

 Ivy: That's what I mean about you being blind.

 Ethan: Mother, she'd never lie to me nor do anything to hurt me again.

 Sam: Ivy, why don'tou stay out of this?
 Ivy: Because he'sy son! &amp; He'sur son.
 Sam: He's also a man who knows his own heart. Let him make his own decisions.


 Ivy: Ethan, theresa is keeping something from you. I know it.

 Ethan: That'st. I'm not going to hear another word against her.

 Sam: You are making a very big mistake. Ethan loves t eresa. And the worst
thing you can do is kee Shing him away from her. If youeep doing that, &amp; you
could lose him.
 Pila : Something is going N. I saw those looks between eve and theresa. Is it
possible theresa's keeping another secret? Whatould it be?
 June: Hello? Is anyone here?
 Liz: Hi. Can I help you?
 June: Name's june. I'm looking r a job.
 Liz: Oh, I'm sorry. I eally wish I could help,

 pbut unfortunately I don't need anyone right now.

 June: Been hearing that a o lately.
 Liz: Yeah, I bet. You know what? You should try your luck in bermuda. They
have a lot more job openings there.
 Julian: I'll pay you very well. Very, very well.

 June: Sounds good to me, mr. Crane.
 Julian: That's her. She's the one I want you and your partner to kill.

 June: I'd rather not go ck to bermuda.
 Sheridan: You should see hat bria isoncocting in there -- a seafood
masterpiece. &amp;
 Liz: Whatever t is, it is going right onisab.

 Sheridan: I'm going to go get + changed fo dinner.

 Liz: Ok.
&nbsp;
 Sheridan: I know you. Er
 my loved ones faces
 Singer: You are my passion for life
 sheridan: I think I know you.
 June: Me? No. I think you've got me confused with someone else.

 Sheridan: No, I could swear.
 June: So could i. I've never seen you before. -

 Liz: Well, then, introductions are in order. June, diana. Diana, june. Does
it ring a bell, the name?
 Sheridan: No. It's odd, though. I could swear that i remembe

 pyou from somewhere.
 June: It is odd.
 Sheridan: Just wishful thinking, I guess. Sorry. P liz: Diana's got amnesia.


 June: Diana? Amnesia?
 Liz: Yeah, she doesn't remember her name, where she comes from. She doesn'
remember anything. She just picked that name out&amp; of the blue.
 June: So she doesn't remember + anything?
 Liz: Just a handful of painful memories, you know. Recollec ions of losing
the man she loved.
 June: Does she remember how it happened -- losing him?

 Liz: Only that she held him in her arms as he was dying. Good friend of mine,
a fisherman out here, found her half-dead in his net.
 June: Really?
 Liz: Yeah. She's lucky she's alive. It's a miracle. &amp;

 June: Definitely.
&nbsp;
 Ethan: Come on. Get in here, man.
 Whitney: Ok. To your love.
 Et an: We're almost there. Soon we'll be drinking champagne at our wedding.


 Chad: Here's to that.
 Luis: Yes. The best is yet to come, huh?
 Chad: So, when can we expect an addition to la familia?

 Theresa: Oh.
 Ethan: Well, I --
 luis: Oh -- hey, hey --
 ethan: No. I think we're going to wait a while before we start on that, but
the plans are definitely in the offing.
 Luis: Well, on a more serious note, ethan, i would like tohank you for making
me Godfather to the firstborn.
 Ethan: And if whitney's interested, I mean, like her to be the Godmother. If
that's ok?
 Whitney: Ofourse. I would be thrilled.
 Luis: Ok, I would like to propose toast. To ethan and theresa -- health,
happiness, and love.
 Chad: All right.
 Luis: Hear, hear.
 Eve: Theresa --
 luis: Bottoms up.
 Eve: You can't drink.
 Ethan: Theresa, don't worry. There are noore secrets.

 Pilar: Could eve have given theresa a pregnancy test. -But why? She couldn't
be -- oh, my God. Oh, my God. My daughter's pregnant with julian's baby.
 P julian: Never have to deal with the lopez fitzgeralds again. Finally, a
peaceful night.
 Harper: I could use one myself.
 Julian: Just think -- I will never again have to hear anyone threaten to kill
me.
 Pilar: You animal! - I'llill you!
 Grace: Shh.
 Grace: How can there be two of you?
 Charity: She's evil. Pure evil.
 Miguel: Oh, my God. You are evil. +
 Grace: I want nothing more to do with you, kay. Do you hear me? Thank God I
have sweet charity in my life because she is good and you are so evil!
 Grace: Charity, let's sit down while we wait for miguel to come back from the
sement.
 Charity: Yeah. You know what? I can't sit there.

 Grace: Why not?
 Charity: I don' know. There's something evil around the sofa or behind te
sofa. I'm going crazy. &amp;
 Grace: No. -
 Charity: Why would I be afraidf the sofa?
 Grace: Look, sweetheart, I don't know. Bu listen to me -- I believe you --
your premonitions, your visions, everyt ing, ok? &amp; I believe you. I'm going to
check behind + the sofa, all right?
 Charity: Aunt grace, no. Please don't. Let's just wait for miguel, ok?

 Grace: All right.
 Grace: Miguel, was there anything in he basement?

 Miguel: I couldn't get down - ere. The door wasocked. But something's not
right. I mean, it has been way too long + since we've seen kay, ani'm beginning
to think t at this evil that you sense has Something too with her,
 hatt could havearmed her.
 Grace: Well, maybe she's upstairs. +
 Charity: Alright let's go look.
 Timmy: What if they do find kay upstairs?
 Tabitha: I've come o the end of the book, timmy, and there's not one spell I
can use to turn + kay back into herself. + Not one. We're doomed, timmy. Doomed
with a capital D. Half off?
 Abitha: Locked. Got to think.
 Pgot to know what's going on upstairs. But how?

 Immy: Oh -- please, no.
 Tabitha: The trellis! Go on, lad. Hurry up. Up you go.

 P timmy: Timmy's begging.
 Tabitha: No time r begging. Go, go, go! Ll catch you if you fall.

 Timmy: If timmy had a nickel for every time he's heard that.

 Tabitha: Go on, go on, lad. Up you go.
 Sam: Grace? &amp;
 Grace: We're upstairs, sam.
 Sam: What's eve yone doing up He?
 Grace: Charity saw an image of herself in the living room.

 Sam: What?
 P grace: An exact image. She's afraid that there's evil inhis house.

 Miguel: We're worrieabout kay, chief bennett. You haven't seen her, have you?


 Sam: No.
 Miguel: We just started looking for her.
 Sam: We l, let's split up, and we'll search all the rooms.

 Charity: I'm going to go to jessica's and my room.

 Timmy: Kay's about to get nabbed, rincess! What do immy and tabby do?

 Tabitha: There must be a spell to turn her back. Maybe I missed it. I must
find it before it's too late.
 Pilar: You filthy animal! I should kill you for what you've done to my
daughter!
 Julian: But it's over! T e papers have been signed! We're no longer married.


 Pilar: You animal!
 Julian: Look, get ahold of yourself, woman. It's not as though she's
pregnant.
 Pilar: You know, julian, you're so low. It's not even worth it to kill you! I
have to go to my daughter.
 Julian: This is madness.
 Harper: Oh, you are indeed beset on all sides.

 Julian: I'm telling you, ha per, he minute i get ivy out of this house, pilar
goes right with her! It's a pity she wasn't lost with her husband all those
years ago. Never again, harper. Never again do i want to see a lopez fitzgerald
fors long as i live. I'd be ter call ther, ell him the pa er have been signed.
And then as soon as the annulment is final, I'll be free to marry rebecca.

 Harper: Oh, I just hope it really is all over.

 Pilar: Look what he did to my daughter, to my baby.

 Ethan: Why shouldn't she have A drink, dr. Russell?

 Eve: Well, she fainted earlier. Actually, I just came by to see if she was
all right. Was afraid her bloodpressure might be a little high, and alcohol can
interfere with bringing it down to normal.
 Theresa: I forgot. Of course I'm not going to have a drink. Nothing to affect
my body.

 (not sure if this is the end)














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site





















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Thursday 12/6/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">



&nbsp;



 &nbsp;

 Passions
 Transcript Thursday12/6/01
 by Suzanne
 Timmy: Bad news, princess. Charity just came face to face with -- charity!


 Tabitha: Except you and I both know that charity's spitting image is none
other than her own cousin kay.
 Timmy: Not even a meanie like kay can get out of this mess.

 Tabitha: Don't give up hope yet, timmy. All I have to do is find the right
spell to change kay back into her mean, old self. And then all she has to do is
come up with a way to confuse charity about what she saw.
 Timmy: Tabby better hurry up.
 Tabitha: I am hurrying. I know what's at stake here. If charity and the
bennett bunch realize what's going on, we're finished, timmy. Finished, finito.


 Ivy: I really can't waiany longer to talk to theresa.

 Ethan: I can see you're worried, dr. Russell, but there's no need to be. My
mother came to apologize to theresa for suspecting her of keeping more secrets
from me.
 Eve: So she says.
 Ethan: Look, theresa promised me that that there are no more secrets. My
mother is finally accepting theresa as her future daughter-in-law. Things
couldn't be better.
 Eve: I hope you're right, ethan.
 Ethan: I am. Excuse me.
 Chad: Yo, ethan, wait up.
 Eve: Oh, ethan, i wish i could be as sure as you are. But I think ivy is here
to cause theresa more problems.
 Whitney: Please tell me that i heard you wrong, theresa.

 Theresa: Oh, I wish i could, whitney, but it's true. I'm pregnant with
julian's baby.
 Whitney: So you're telling me you got pregnant the one and only time that you
slept with julian, that night you got married?
 Theresa: I can't believe it, either, but it's all tooeal.

 Whitney: Honey, i'm so, so sorry.
 Theresa: You know, I -- i promised ethan that there were no more secrets
between us. How am i going to tell him that i not only slept with julian on our
wedding night but that i got pregnant with his baby?
 Whitney: Come here.
 Luis: I can't stop wondering why I felt so close to sheridan on that island.
Maybe when brian and diana get here with beth's boat they can help me figure
that out. Not that it'll matter. Sheridan's gone. If only we hadn't gone out on
that boat. She'd still be here. Damn it. So many &quot;if onlys.&quot; If only the boat
hadn't exploded. Why is it that the boat did explode like that?
 Julian: I don't know why you've contacted me. Our business was settled quite
some time ago, may.
 June: It's -- it's june.
 Julian: Whatever. Fact is I paid you and your friend very well to destroy
that boat, take care of my sister, sheridan -- may she rest in peace.
 Harper: Oh, you're some piece of work, julian.

 Julian: So, what else could you possibly want? Sheridan is as dead as the
days of disco.
 June: I have something to tell you, mr. Crane, and I hope you're sitting
down.
 [Captioning made possible by the national broadcasting company]

 sam: No sign of kay on my end. You guys have any luck?

 Grace: No, couldn't find her anywhere.
 Miguel: Me, neither, chief.
 Grace: I just hope kay's all right. I mean, charity sensed evil when she saw
her exact double earlier.
 Sam: I just don't see how she could've seen someone who looked exactly like
her. Could charity's mind have been playing tricks on her?
 Grace: I know it sounds far-fetched, but i believe her.

 Sam: I just wish there was something more we could go on, some kind of
physical evidence.
 Grace: Charity's still searching the guest room. I mean, maybe the evidence
is staring her smack in the face.
 Kay's voice: You have to do something, kay. Ok, stop panicking and think.
I've got it!
 Timmy: Princess won't believe this one.
 Tabitha: I don't have time for guessing games, timmy. Either tell me what's
going on up there or zip it!
 Timmy: Kay's using the old mirror trick.
 Tabitha: I must've missed that one in trickery 101. What on earth are you
talking about?
 Timmy: Remember that &quot;i love lucy&quot; episode where lucy dresses up as harpo
marx and imitates his every move?
 Tabitha: Oh, yes, that was a classic. What's that got to do with anything?


 Timmy: Kay's doing the exact same thing to charity.

 Tabitha: She's a smart one, our kay. But that won't fool charity for long.
Oh, I have got to find the spell that will turn her back into her own self, or
we're doomed, timmy. Doomed.
 Theresa: It makes me sick to say it out loud. How can I be pregnant with
julian's baby?
 Whitney: Ok, all right. Before you totally freak out about this, are you
absolutely sure that you're even pregnant?
 Theresa: Oh, I'm sure. I mean, your mother tested me at the mansion after i
fainted. I even insisted that she do a second test!
 Whitney: And I'm guessing they both came back positive.

 Theresa: Whitney, i know i screw up a lot, but I never thought that my life
would turn into such a mess. I mean, you know i would never do anything to
intentionally hurt ethan!
 Whitney: I know, theresa.
 Theresa: And now I'm going to hurt him in the worst way possible. You know, I
can't stop thinking about the pain that I'm going to cause him when I -- when i
tell him that i got pregnant by the man he used to think was his father.
 Whitney: Ok, ok, just calm down. Let's take this one step at a time, and
we'll figure it out.
 Theresa: Whitney, i can't calm down. Ethan is never going to forgive me when
he finds out. I'm going to lose him forever. You know, you're always saying that
i shouldn't keep secrets. Do you think that I should tell ethan the truth about
this baby?
 Whitney: Theresa, you know how much i hate lies. But this time, maybe it's
different. We just need to take our time and really think about this one, ok?
Because if ethan does find out, not only is he going to be devastated, but it
really will be over for the two of you.
 Theresa: Then i'm going to have to come up with a way to keep this a secret.
No one can ever find out that i'm carrying julian's baby. Especially ivy.
Because she would tell him for sure.
 Theresa: Oh, my God.
 Julian: Let's cut to the chase, shall we? You should know very well that time
is money. After all, i made your life quite comfortable after you completed your
mission.
 June: We all do what we have to do for money. But, you know, blowing up that
boat wasn't as easy as basil and I thought it would be. Things come up that you
can't exactly plan for. Success isn't guaranteed.
 Julian: Yes, well, funny you should mention that. As i recall, both sheridan
and her fiance, luis, were to perish during their romantic excursion. But, alas,
luis is alive, well, and continuing to harass me on a daily basis.
 June: Well, I guess luis was lucky. But luis isn't the reason that i'm
calling. I called to talk about your sister.
 Julian: Look, it's -- it's really been charming conversing with you, dear,
but that issue is dead. As dead as sheridan.
 June: I don't think so, mr. Crane. The truth is --

 julian: What -- this is ridiculous! I don't have time for these games! Oh, my
God! What -- I know exactly why you called. It can't be.
 kay's voice: I can't believe this is actually working. Charity's more
clueless than i thought.
 [Charity screams]
 timmy: Oh, no! Kay's been caught!
 Tabitha: What in blazes is going on, timmy?

 Miguel: That's charity.
 Grace: Charity -- what happened? Are you all right?

 Charity: She -- she's here. She's here.
 Theresa: It's you.
 Pilar: Yes. It's just me. So it's true, huh? You're pregnant with julian's
baby?
 Theresa: It's awful. But, yes, it's true.
 Pilar: Julian crane doesn't deserve to live for what he's done to my baby
girl.
 Theresa: No, mama, don't -- don't talk like that, please.

 Pilar: Teresita -- I cannot help it. That pig has ruined your life, and he's
taken away your dream of marrying ethan.
 Theresa: No, mama. No, it's not true. I can come up with a way to keep it
from ethan. I can still marry him.
 Pilar: No. This is one time i will not let you live in a fantasy world.
There's no way you can keep this from ethan, theresa. Pretty soon your bodwill
betray your secret.
 Theresa: Mama, I know i will find a way to make this ok.

 Pilar: No, teresita, because the longer you lie, the more stressful it will
be for you and your baby. And I'm not going to watch you jeopardize your life
and your health and that of your baby as well.
 Theresa: What are you saying, mama?
 Pilar: Ethan -- he must be told. He must be told that you are carrying --
that you're pregnant with julian's baby.
 Theresa: No.
 Eve: Leave theresa alone. You know very well that this is julian's fault for
getting her drunk and -- and then tricking her into marrying him.
 Ivy: Oh, yes, big, bad julian -- he huffed and he puffed and he blew theresa
into the wedding chapel.
 Eve: Oh, cut it out now, ivy. Both you and i know what kind of man julian is.


 Ivy: I am well aware of what a monster julian is. But maybe theresa is just
as bad. And today might be the day i find out. Now, excuse me.
 Luis: How long am I going to go on longing to hear sheridan's voice, knowing
i never will? I got to do something to clear my head.
 Sheridan's voice: Luis?
 Julian: It can't be.
 June: I'm surprised you figured it out so quickly, mr. Crane. But, yes, it's
true.
 Julian: Yes. Now that sheridan's dead, you're going to blackmail me. Well,
listen here, little miss. You're not getting another dime!
 June: You listen to me, mr. Crane. I don't want your money. I just want --


 julian: Oh, yes, let me guess -- gaudy baubles, perhaps a tacky little sports
car. Well, you'll get no such thing.
 June: Hold on, you bastard! I'm calling to tell you that your sister isn't
dead. Sheridan is alive.
 Julian: Who does that brazen broad think she's dealing with?

 June: What a jerk. I should just tell her everything.

 Sheridan: What are you talking about? Is there something you want to tell me?


 Miguel: Charity, what happened?
 Sam: You said someone was here. Do you mean kay?

 Charity: Evil is here.
 Sam: Better check it out.
 Grace: Charity, where did you sense this evil?

 Charity: Evil is right here.
 Tabitha: Oh -- oh -- you scared the daylights out of me, nearly falling like
that. I told you, you got to give me advance notice if you're going to take a
tumble.
 Timmy: Timmy's sorry, but all that screaming was too much for someone even as
brave as timmy. Uh-oh. Princess isn't going to like this one. Sam, grace,
miguel, even charity, are all in the bedroom, but timmy doesn't see kay.
 Tabitha: That's odd. The brat couldn't have just disappeared.

 Sam: Doesn't look like there's anything in the closet, charity.

 Timmy: Yikes. That was close.
 Sam: Doesn't look like anything out of the ordinary in here.

 Grace: Tell us exactly what you saw, sweetheart.

 Charity: I opened the closet door, and I saw an exact image of myself.
Whenever i moved, it moved. Look, I'm not making any of this up. I swear it's
all true.
 Miguel: It's -- it's ok. We believe you.
 Sam: Charity, don't worry. Whoever's in this room isn't going to escape.

 Theresa: Please, mama, you can't tell ethan the truth.

 Pilar: I'm sorry, mija, but there's no other choice. I just wish that i could
understand why or how you're always getting yourself in these terrible
situations over and over again.
 Theresa: Mama, I never meant for this to happen!

 Pilar: You never do, do you? You just tell me -- explain to me why it's so
difficult for you to listen to your own mother's advice instead of your own
crazy ideas. If you would just tell the truth, teresita, then you wouldn't have
to tell lie after lie to protect yourself.
 Theresa: Oh, mama, I know, I know --
 pilar: And your actions -- your actions, mija -- they always have terrible
consequences, but you never learn from your mistakes. Dear God -- how did I go
wrong in your upbringing?
 Theresa: Don't say that, mama. You are the best mother anyone could have!

 Pilar: Then for once in your life, listen to me!

 Theresa: I'm sorry. I know i should tell ethan the truth, but i can't. I love
him too much to lose him, mama.
 Pilar: And I love you too much to let this get any worse, theresa.

 Theresa: Please, don't tell him, mama.
 Pilar: Theresa, one day you will look back and realize that i did the right
thing. If i don't tell ethan, the pressure could harm you or the baby. And the
truth has to come out, theresa, and it has to come out now.
 [Ivy's wheelchair approaches]
 whitney: Excuse me, mrs. Crane. How can we help you?

 Ivy: I'm so sorry. I'm not interrupting anything, am i?

 Singer: You are my passion for life
 sheridan: Do you have something you want to say to me?

 June's voice: I can't tell sheridan who she is. If julian crane is willing to
kill his own sister, God knows what he'll do to me. I just hope she didn't hear
too much.
 June: No. No, not you.
 Sheridan: I'm sorry. Your phone call was none of my business. It just sounded
like you were getting upset.
 June: Oh, it's nothing. I was just trying to do a favor for an old boss, and
he was too much of a fool to listen.
 Sheridan: That's too bad. I'm sorry you went out of your way for nothing.

 June's voice: Trust me, honey, you shouldn't be so sorry.

 Sheridan: You know, why don't i get you a cup of coffee? I was just about to
pour myself one.
 June: Sure. That'd be great.
 June: Is everything ok?
 Sheridan: I just can't shake this feeling that I know you.

 June: You must have me confused with someone else. Like i told you, i've
never seen you before.
 Sheridan: I'm sorry. I'm just grasping at straws again. I'm just so anxious
to remember my past.
 June: It's probably best not to push it. Besides, you've got a good thing
here -- a beautiful island, got good friends. It sounds like a whole lot of
peace and Harmony to me.
 Sheridan: Yeah, I guess you're right. Harmony. Hey, that reminds me. What do
you know about a town called Harmony?
 Sheridan's voice: Luis?
 Luis: Sheridan? Sheridan, is that you?
 Luis: Of course it's not you. Why do i keep hearing your voice as though
you're alive?
 Grace: Don't worry, sweetheart. If anybody can find whoever or whatever is in
this room, it's sam.
 Timmy: Kay's hiding under the bed.
 Tabitha: Oh. If dudley do-right finds her, our goose is cooked.

 Timmy: Timmy doesn't have the nerves for this!

 Charity: I swear to you i wasn't seeing things. When sam catches the evil,
you're going to see that it's all real.
 Sam: I found her.
 Ivy: It's funny, pilar, but i didn't see you come in the front door. Why
would you sneak in the back way?
 Theresa: Mama wanted to freshen up.
 Pilar: That's enough, theresa. It's all over.

 Theresa: Mama, please.
 Ivy: Why is pilar so upset, theresa? What is going on?

 Theresa: It's nothing, mrs. Crane. If you'll excuse us, whitney and I would
like to get back to the party.
 Whitney: It looks like your mom is really going to tell ethan, theresa. What
are you going to do?
 Theresa: I don't think there's anything i can do. I'm afraid this is it. My
life is over.
 Ivy: Oh, there is something big going on here. And I'm going to find out
exactly what it is.
 Sam: I found exactly what we're looking for. She's right here.

 Charity: I don't understand.
 Sam: You must've been so caught up in your premonitions and trying to find
your double that your mind played tricks on you. You opened up the closet door,
saw a reflection of yourself in the mirror, and mistakenly thought it was your
twin.
 Miguel: It makes perfect sense, charity.
 Charity: I don't know, guys. What about in the living room? I'm sure i saw my
double there, too.
 Grace: Well, there's mirrors on those walls, too. I mean, the same thing
could've happened down there.
 Charity: It's just that it seemed so real.

 Sam: Sometimes when we're scared, our minds jump to conclusions. We don't
know what's real and what's an illusion.
 Miguel: He's right.
 Charity: Ok. I'm not going to argue with the facts.

 Sam: All right. Well, now we have to find kay.

 Grace: I'll go with you.
 Miguel: Come on, charity. I'll make you some tea.

 [Kay groans]
 timmy: Something strange is happening. Kay is spinning like timmy did when
tabby put him in the washer.
 Tabitha: That is music to my ears. It means the spell is wearing off.

 Timmy: Help, princess! Timmy's falling!
 Ivy: Eve, have you seen pilar?
 Eve: No, I haven'T. I don't think she's here yet.

 Ivy: Actually, she snuck in the back and went straight to theresa's room.
Strange, isn't it?
 Eve: Maybe she just wanted a moment with the guest of honor.

 [Ivy chuckles]
 ivy: Nice try, dr. Russell. No. When i walked in, both pilar and theresa were
crying. Now, that just doesn't seem like very festive behavior to me. I think
that one of theresa's secrets is getting ready to slap her in the face, and i
intend to find out what that secret is.
 Eve: Oh, ivy, why don't you stop looking for trouble when there isn't any
trouble.
 Ivy: Oh, yes, there is trouble here. But something tells me i'm not going to
have to look for it very long.
 Ethan: You two seem pretty serious. Is everything ok?

 Eve: Well, actually, ethan, as ivy's doctor, I was just telling her that I
think that she's overdoing herself. I thought you should take her home and have
her get some rest.
 Ivy: Oh, ethan, i'm fine! Dr. Russell is just overreacting. Besides, i don't
want to miss a thing.
 Chad: Hey, dr. Russell, why don't we leave ethan and his mom so they can talk
this out?
 Eve: All right, chad.
 Ethan: Mother.
 Chad: Hey -- I don't mean to be butting in, but -- but i could tell there was
some pretty intense vibes between you and mrs. Crane.
 Eve: That ivy -- she's like a vicious pit bull. She's determined to stir
something up between theresa and ethan. She's trying to find something to
incriminate theresa. Excuse me, chad. Pilar? Are you ok?
 Pilar: Nothing is ok, eve. Nothing will ever be ok again.

 Eve: I take it you found that at the crane mansion. I am so sorry that you
had to find out this way, pilar. I promised theresa that i wouldn't tell anyone.


 Pilar: It wouldn't have mattered how i found out. Nothing can make this any
better.
 Eve: I suppose she told you who the father is.

 Pilar: Who else could it be but julian crane? That snake -- he took away my
daughter's innocence, and now this.
 Eve: Believe me, pilar, i hate julian as much as you do. He's just a vulture
just preying on young girls. Unfortunately, theresa happened to be in the wrong
place at the wrong time.
 Pilar: And now she must suffer the consequences.

 Eve: And she is, d I understand just how much she's suffering.

 Pilar: I cannot take this pain and suffering anymore. I'm going to put an end
to all of it.
 Eve: I'm not sure i understand you.
 Pilar: There will be no more secrets, no more lies. I'm going to tell ethan
the truth right now. Replenish your skin'sprecious vitamin e
 Kay: Ok. That's what happened when i changed into charity. Please let that
mean i'm me again. Ok, yes. Now all I have to do is find my mom and dad.
 Grace: Kay -- there you are.
 Kay: Hi.
 Sam: Kay, where have you been? We've been looking all over the place for you.


 Kay: Oh, I was up in tabitha's attic. I was going to borrow one of her old
purses.
 Grace: Oh. Well, we were just going to look up there. But never mind that
now. The important thing is that you're ok.
 Kay: Yeah. Why wouldn't i be?
 Charity: Well, kay, I sensed evil in the house, and I thought you might be
affected by it.
 Kay: Oh, I guess your radar's a little off because, as you can see, i'm
absolutely fine. And I didn't see evil anywhere.
 Chad: Hey, man.
 Luis: Hey.
 Chad: Need any help?
 Luis: No. No, thanks. I -- no, i just thought I'd get some firewood together,
make a fire for ethan and theresa. Nice mood.
 Chad: Hey, you know what? Let me go in and get the wood carrier.

 Luis: Yeah.
 Sheridan's voice: Luis?
 Sheridan: Hi, there, handsome.
 Luis: I never want to be without you.
 Sheridan: Well, the feeling's mutual. In fact, i'm going to show you how much
i love you.
 Luis: Yeah? No one's due home for hours.
 Sheridan: Ooh, i like the sound of that. I'm going to go lock the door, then.


 Luis: Yes.
 [Door opens]
 luis: Sheridan?
 Chad: You ok, man?
 Luis: Yeah. I know it sounds crazy, but I heard the door and I thought it was
sheridan.
 Chad: That don't sound crazy, man, because i know how much you miss her.

 Luis: Yeah. It's -- I keep hearing her voice, you know, and I keep thinking
that she's alive. I know it's just a dream. It'll never come true.
 Sheridan: That's the town -- Harmony. You ever heard of it?

 June: Doesn't ring a bell. Why are you going there anyway?

 Sheridan: Oh, I'm sailing a boat up there with a friend. We're returning it
to its owner. Harmony just sounds so familiar to me. I'm hoping when I get there
somethg or someone will trigger a memory.
 June: Well, good luck with your trip. Will you excuse me? I need to make
another phone call.
 Sheridan: Sure.
 June: Better warn julian crane that sheridan is alive and headed his way. On
second thought, why ruin the surprise? Julian crane deserves everything he gets.


 Julian: How dare that woman call up on the pretext of talking about sheridan
just so she could milk me for some more moola.
 Harper: I doubt she'll call again. I'm sure she got your message loud and
clear.
 Julian: Just in case, I want you to be ready for any necessary pre-emptive
strikes.
 Harper: It's getting harder and harder to keep up with your dysfunctional
life, julian.
 Julian: Oh, don't worry, harper. Everything's going to be fine. Father will
be thrilled the way I've cleaned everything up -- that the annulment papers have
been signed and my exquisite ex-wife isn't pregnant. There are no other
surprises that could come my way.
 Ethan: Mother, I want to thank you for putting aside your bad feelings about
theresa. My future bride has no more secrets. You can count on it.
 Pilar: That's it. I cannot bear this any longer.

 Ethan: Sounds like pilar's upset. I wonder what's going on.

 Ivy: I have no idea, darling.
 Ivy's voice: But I'm certainly going to find out.

 Theresa: Ethan is everything to me. If only I could turn back time, whitney,
i would tell him the truth.
 Whitney: I hate to say this, theresa, but i do not know how you're going to
get out of this one. I mean, your mother seems determined to tell ethan you're
pregnant with julian's baby.
 Theresa: I never meant to cause her so much pain.

 Whitney: She thinks telling ethan the truth will end everyone's pain,
theresa.
 Theresa: My only hope now is that your mother can convince mama not to tell
ethan the secret.
 Eve: Now, pilar, I know you're upset, but no good can come out of revealing
the secret right now. Think about what you'll be doing to theresa's life.
 Pilar: I am doing this, eve, to help my daughter. The lies and deception
cannot go on. I am going to tell ethan what julian did to theresa.
















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Friday 12/7/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Friday 12/7/01
  By Suzanne Lanoue
&nbsp;

 Julian: To sweet freedom.
 [Julian laughs]
 harper: Oh, you do know how to dodge a bullet,
julian.
 Julian: Oh, well -- you needn't sound so
surprised, harper. I'm julian crane. I'm master of the universe. Far be it from
me to toot my own horn, but I have better than parried each and every thrust my
adversaries aimed my way. I have overcome each and every obstacle placed in my
path with resounding success. I made sure that luis didn't marry intohe family
so he couldn't uncover any unsavory secrets.
 Harper: Like having your own sister murdered?

 Julian: Ahem. There's no need to rehash
unpleasant details, harper. Suffice it to say, i carried out father's orders,
after which i legally unloaded my dismal excuse for a wife.
 Harper: Ivy is still contesting the legality of
your divorce.
 Julian: Well, she can contest it till the cows
come home. My marriage to that ungrateful wench is finis. And on top of that,
after the signing today, my brief but oh so delicious marriage to theresa has
been annulled, so i'm free from the wrath of her brother luis and my ex-son,
ethan. My only regret is that my decidedly un-chilly relleno and I didn't get a
chance to partake in a second night of bliss before we had to part ways. But a
man cannot be too greedy. But I'm a free man for the first time in I don't know
how many years, with no legal obligations to any woman. God, just think, harper,
of the hundreds, nay thousands of women out there just waiting to audition their
acrobatic skills in my california king-size bed.
 Harper: Have you forgotten about rebecca? She
expects you to marry her.
 Julian: Oh, yes. Rebecca. Well, I'm not going to
do it. I won'T. I'm rich. I'm king of the world. Why blow it by getting married?

 Rebecca: The hell you aren'T. You promised to
marry me, and there is no way that i am going to let you weasel out of it now.

 Doc: Nice to see our diana so happy for a
change.
 Liz: Wish i could say the same thing about brian.
He wouldn't be sailing that boat back to Harmony if diana hadn't talked him into
it. If it were left up to him, he wouldn't go anywhere near that place.

 Doc: Did he tell you why he had a problem with
going?
 Liz: If he did, it wouldn't be fair for me to
tell you, would it, doc? You know the unwritten law around here --
 doc: We respect each other's privacy. No one
pries into anybody's old business.
 Liz: Which is how we all get along so well,
right?
 Doc: Works for me.
 Liz: Me, too. But I can't help but think that
brian's old business has something to do with that little new england town
called Harmony. There is something or someone there that he is not eager to
face.
 [Sound of sheridan laughing]
 sheridan's voice: Hmm, luis.
 Chad: You ok?
 Luis: Just can't stop thinking about sheridan.

 Chad: Man, the woman you loved was snatched out
of your arms with no warning. I mean, I'd have the same reaction, I'm sure, if
that happened to me.
 Luis: I keep hearing her voice. You know, it's
like she's talking to me. It's like she's trying to tell me that she's still
alive.
 Chad: You know, eventually you're going to have
to let it go. I mean, people only come back from the dead in stephen king
novels. Luis -- sheridan is gone.
 Ethan: I really hate it that pilar's so upset.

 Ivy: So do I. Whatever's upsetting her must be
quite serious.
 Ivy's voice: And I intend to find out exactly
what it is.
 Pilar: I must do what i must do.
 Theresa: If mama tells ethan that i'm pregnant
with julian's child, i will lose him forever. Whitney, he has forgiven me so
much already, but he would never be able to deal with this.
 Whitney: For once, I'm afraid that i agree with
you, theresa. It would take a miracle for you to get out of this one.

 Theresa: Maybe, you know, your mama can convince
mama not to say anything.
 Whitney: I wouldn't count on it, theresa. From
the looks of your mother, I don't think anything is going to change her mind.

 Eve: Believe me, pilar, i understand --

 pilar: But, eve, then why are you trying to keep
me from telling ethan the truth? If my daughter doesn't have the courage to be
honest with the man she loves, then i will have to do it for her.
 Eve: Even if it's the last thing in the world
that theresa wants?
 Eve: My -- my daughter's in shock. She's
confused -- and it's no wonder after finding out she's egnant by julian crane.
Eve, i am theresa's mother and, God help me, the grandmother-to-be of that
innocent, unborn baby she's carrying. It is my duty to protect them both by
putting an end to all the lies and deception.
 Eve: Ok, but if you could just give theresa a
little more time.
 Pilar: What for? What good will that do, eve?
Time? Time will only bring more hurt to more people. The truth has to be told
now.
 [Captioning made possible by the national
broadcasting company]
 sheridan: I made it myself.
 Brian: Oh, I'm impressed. What's the occasion?

 Sheridan: My good mood. I've been such a downer
since i got here, I thought I would do something for you for a change.

 Brian: You didn't have to do that.
 Sheridan: Yes, i did. Thank you for changing
your mind about sailing to new england. I can't wait to see Harmony.
 Brian: I bet you don't even know if you've ever
been there before.
 Sheridan: True. But it's the first town I've
heard of that actually strikes a familiar chord. I mean, I don't know why, but I
just had this feeling that if i see the town it might jog a memory. I mean, I
might even remember who I am.
 Brian: Just don't want you to get your hopes up
too high.
 Sheridan: I know they've crashed before, but
this time i think there's a real chance. So, when do we set sail?
 Brian: Haven't got that far yet.
 Sheridan: Whenever you say the word, I'm ready.
How long do you think it'll take to get there?
 Brian: Depends on the weather.
 Sheridan: I mean, do you think days, weeks,
what?
 Brian: I don't know, diana.
 Sheridan: Sorry. Didn't mean to push so hard.

 Brian: No. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap at
you.
 Sheridan: What's wrong? Have you changed your
mind? Do you not want to sail to Harmony now?
 Pilar: I cannot sit by and keep silent about one
more secret or one more lie.
 Eve: But your daughter's future is at stake.

 Pilar: Future? What kind of future can be based
on a deception such as this? I'm sorry, eve. I'm sorry to go against your
well-meant counsel, but I have to do this!
 Luis: Mama, what is it?
 Eve: Oh, she's fine, luis. She's fine.

 Luis: I appreciate your help, dr. Russell, but
she is my mother. Whatever it is, I have a right to know what's wrong.

 Ethan: What's going on with your mother?

 Ivy: Yes, theresa. Do tell.
 Theresa: I -- i don't know.
 Ethan: That's all right. If you don't know, you
don't know.
 Ivy: Pilar is usually the one who keeps it
together when the rest of the world is falling apart. Whatever's upsetting her
must be earth-shattering.
 Ethan: Well, the only other time i saw pilar
this close to hysteria was at the hospital when we got back from bermuda. I
didn't know what was behind it then, but now I realize it was probably when she
learned you and julian were married. I'm going to have to tell you, this is even
worse. I mean, whatever's caused her to be this upset must be terrible.

 Luis: Mama, I've never seen you in such a state.
Now, would you tell me what happened?
 Pilar: So it's true, huh? You're pregnant with
julian's baby.
 Theresa: It's awful. But, yes, it's true.

 Pilar: Oh, mijo, if you only knew.
 Luis: Mama, you've got to get it out, all right?
Now, nothing can be so bad that you can't tell me what it is.
 Julian: Now, now, my little creme brulee,
there's no need to get yourself in a twist.
 Rebecca: Don't even think you can sweet-talk
your way out of this one, julian. You are going to marry me whether you want to
or not.
 Julian: Dear heart, we're soul mates. Surely you
can understand why a man such as myself might feel as i do. I only just ended
two marriages within a matter of weeks. I haven't been single since i was a
young man. Can't you -- can't you see why i'm keen for a bit of breathing room?

 Rebecca: If you're keen about breathing at all,
make me your wife as soon as possible. I've given up a lot for you.
 Julian: What, divorcing jonathan? You never gave
a damn about that old goat. We both know that's how you refer to your
ex-husband.
 Rebecca: When i left jonathan, I gave up my
status as his wife because I'd be climbing up the ladder by becoming yours. Now,
there is no way that I have stuck with you through thick and thin for nothing.

 Julian: Well, our relationship can hardly be
described as nothing. I mean, we've had some very unusual adventures in bed.
Grow up, harper. I know what has you upset. You're afraid that our naughty
nocturnal frolics must come to an end. Well, nonsense. We can still keep each
other satisfied and happy without the little piece of paper known as a marriage
license. So, you see, becks, there's no need to get into a snit.
 Rebecca: No, well, if that's really what you
want --
 julian: I knew you'd see my side. You are a hell
of a woman.
 Rebecca: I just have this one tiny, little
question.
 Julian: Oh, anything, cupcake.
 Rebecca: Just how do you think luis would feel
if he found out that sheridan's death wasn't an accident?
 Julian: Excuse me?
 Rebecca: Well, what do you think he would do if
he found out that the explosion on his boat was caused by a hit man that was
hired by you, sheridan's own brother?
 Julian: You wouldn't.
 Rebecca: Well, I just wonder what he would think
was an appropriate punishment for, oh, such a heinous crime. Well, being a
burly, young man, he'd probably want to tear you apart limb from limb. Oh, but
then he is a cop, so he might feel that it was his duty to just turn you over to
sam bennett so you could stand trial in a court of law for sheridan's murder.
Oh, you know, sheridan was such a special woman. Oh, everybody loved her. Oh,
and everybody hates you, so there's no doubt you'd get the chair. You've made so
many enemies. They'd have to throw a lottery to get to see who'd throw the
switch. Maybe I'd win. Bzzzz! Oh, I'm sorry. Now, what were you saying about not
wanting to get married?
 Luis: Are you hurt? Did someone do something to
you? Look, for God's sakes, mama, tell me so that I can do something about it.
Mama, listen. If you don't tell me, I can't help you.
 Theresa: Mama, it was -- it was julian crane.

 Pilar: Oh, God.
 Esto no puede ser!
 Theresa: Mama, we did more than get involved,
ok? We got married. I'm mrs. Julian crane.
 Pilar: And I'm not going to watch you jeopardize
your life and your health and that of your baby as well.
 Theresa: What are you saying, mama?
 Pilar: Ethan -- he must be told. He must be told
that you are carrying -- that you're pregnant with julian's baby. I cannot take
this anymore. It has to come out.
 Luis: Well, ok, ok. Listen, nothing is that bad.

 Pilar: You -- I'm afraid you're wrong.

 Eve: Ok, that's enough. Your mother is too upset
to talk right now, luis, and it's not good for her.
 Pilar: But, eve, I need to tell --
 eve: You need to come to the kitchen with me and
calm down. You'll excuse us, won't you, luis?
 Luis: Yeah, ok. Mama, look, I'll be here if you
need to talk, all right? Everything's going to be ok.
 Pilar: No, mijo, nothing will ever be ok again.

&nbsp;
 Theresa: Dear God.
 Whitney: Theresa, enjoy this while you can
because your mother seems determined to tell ethan and everyone else that you're
pregnant with julian crane's baby.
 Unbelievable!
 Julian: There's no need to be so harsh, dear.
You misunderstood what i was saying to harper entirely.
 Rebecca: Really?
 Julian: Oh, absolutely. Of course I want to
marry you. It's true there was a moment there where I considered a brief delay,
but i realized I -- I just couldn't stand the wait. I live for the moment that
you're my lawful wedded wife.
 Rebecca: Good answer. Now give your sweet,
little bride a sweet, little kiss. Oh, we are going to be so happy.
 Julian: Mm-hmm.
 Rebecca: And I promise you, you are not going to
regret the decision you just made.
 Julian: Oh. I have one little question for you,
my little prickly pear. You wouldn't really turn me in for killing sheridan,
would you?
 Rebecca: Let's put it this way -- I don't think
you really want to know what i'd do. But remember that I will always keep this
little bit of information in a very safe place ready to use if I need it.

 Doc: On the other hand, maybe you're making too
much out of this.&nbsp; Maybe brian's just nervous about the weather he'll run into between here and
Harmony. Not to mention the triangle.
 Liz: Doc, brian is not worried about the bermuda triangle. He has captained all
kinds of boats through the worst kinds of weather, and he's never been afraid of
the elements. Come to think of it, i have never seen brian show fear for
anything. That is until now. There is something about this trip to Harmony
that's got him all shaken up.

Doc: You know, maybe brian will back out again, tell diana he changed his mind.


Liz: No, he'll go. He'll go through the fires of hell for diana.

Sheridan: So, is that it? You don't want to go to Harmony now? I know that you
didn't want to go before and you changed your mind only because of me.

Brian: Diana --

sheridan: Just let me finish. I would feel terrible if i pressured you into
doing something that you weren't up for.

Brian: You don't know what you're talking about. Sailing this boat back to new
england is just another gig for me. Lord knows i could use the money. Liz says
the lady that owns the boat -- she's paying pretty good.

Sheridan: You're not just saying that to make me feel better?

Brian: I have to take care of me, too, diana. Being out on the ocean, getting
away from here for a while, would be a good thing. I'm looking forward to it.


Sheridan: You sure could've fooled me. Wait a minute. I know why you've been
going back and forth on this. I know why you don't want to go to Harmony.

Chad: Hey, hey, hey, luis, luis -- take it easy, man, all right? Look, look --
sten to me. If there's anybody who can calm your mom down, it's definitely dr.
Russell.

Luis: Well, I hope you're right.

Ethan: Yeah, it's just all my life pilar's been the one person i could count on
at the crane mansion to be strong and hold things together. No offense, mother.


Ivy: None taken.

Luis: No, ethan's right. No, she's never been one to break down, especially in
front of people. Whenever we needed strength, she was always the one we turned
to. Isn't that right, theresa?

Theresa: Yes.

Luis: Even when papa disappeared and then antonio soon thereafter, she always
kept the pain on the inside so the rest of us wouldn't fall apart.

Ivy: Hmm. That's why i feel very certain that this has to be something very,
very personal. And knowing pilar as long and as well as i do, i'm just sure it
has something to do with one of her children. I just wonder which one.

Eve: I know what you're going through, pilar.

Pilar: Because julian took advantage of you when you were young.

Eve: Yes.

Pilar: I grant you, you know better than most what a pig that man is. But you
can't possibly understand what it feels like to have a daughter pregnant by him.
To think that his genes will live within my own grandchild!

Eve: You're right, pilar. I can only imagine.

Pilar: My poor girl. My poor baby -- pregnant by a man who thinks that money and
power are more important thanuman life. Julian not only stole her innocence,
eve. He stole all her dreams for the future.

Eve: You know, pilar, you mustn't despair like this. Things have a way of
working out.

Pilar: Not this. No, not this. Ethan told theresa that if she ever kept anything
from him again, he would leave her for good.

Eve: I know. So when you go out there and tell ethan that theresa is pregnant
with julian's child, what do you think is going to happen?

Pilar: I don't know. All I know is that my daughter is too afraid to be honest
with the man she loves. And these lies -- these lies have got to stop. Lies that
would cause misery and pain. No, ethan needs to know the truth, and i have to
tell him.

Singer: You are my passion for life

ivy: Well, whatever has pilar so shaken up clearly has to do with one of her
children. She would never worry this way about herself.

Luis: Well, it's not me. She knows I'm still hurting because of sheridan, but
i'm getting by.

Ethan: Maybe miguel?

Luis: I don't think so. Miguel's fine. Sure, he's got a lot of stuff on his
plate for a kid his age, but I think he's ok. Besides, i'd know if something was
wrong because he usually confides in me sooner or later.

Ethan: What about your sister paloma?

Luis: Just talked to her the other day. Mama did, too. She's doing great.

Chad: Well, what about your older brother, you know, the one who took off after
your father disappeared?

Luis: Oh, antonio? Yeah. Well, as far as I'm concerned, he's no longer a member
of this family. He ran out on all of us when mama needed him most. I'm sure he's
not the source of this problem. Mama would have told me if she'd have talked to
him. And, frankly, I don't think we'll ever hear from him again.

Ivy: Well, then, who could it be?

Luis: Well, you've got one thing right -- the most important thing to her are
her children. The only thing that could shake her up this bad would be if it
involves one of us.

Pilar: It's time for all the secrets to end, once and for all.

Eve: Pilar, wait.

Pilar: You are not going to change my mind, eve.

Eve: But you are not thinking clearly. You haven't even had time to get over the
shock of learning that your daughter is pregnant. I don't blame you, but i don't
want you to, in the hate of the moment, say something that you're going to
regret saying later.

Pilar: If i don't fix it, who will? This is all my fault.

Eve: What are you talking about? You had nothing to do with julian getting
theresa pregnant. If you want to blame anyone, blame him. You know he's not
worth the dirt under your feet.

Pilar: I know that. I've always known that. Which is why i should've never let
theresa get anywhere near him. I should've never let her go work for ivy in the
crane mansion. A better mother would have kept her far away from all the cranes.


Eve: Oh, don't you ever say that you're not a good mother. You are the best
mother that i know. And theresa -- she's wonderful, but she's a stubborn,
willful young woman. I don't think that there's anything that you could've said
or done to keep her away from that mansion when she got her heart set on ethan.


Pilar: But I'm supposed to protect her, eve.

Eve: Honey, you tried. That's all that a parent can do. Theresa's young. But in
the eyes of the law, she's an adult. She has the right to make her own decisions
and mistakes. And how could you know that theresa was going to chase julian down
to bermuda? And even if you did, i don't see that you could have done anything
about it. This is not your fault, pilar.

Pilar: What's happened to my family? Oh, God. Martin and i had so many dreams
for our children, for us, for all of us. Every single one of them has fallen
through, starting the day martin disappeared.

Eve: Don't do this to yourself, pilar.

Pilar: Not long after martin vanished, antonio left and never came back. I had
to send my paloma away to live with my sister because I couldn't afford to
support all my children. It tore me to pieces to send my daughter away. I didn't
want to break up the family any more, but i did what i thought was best.

Eve: No one blames you, sweetheart.

Pilar: And now luis -- my strong, brave luis -- has lost the woman he loves.
Theresa -- God help theresa for what's happened to her. Nothing of what martin
and I dreamed of came true. None of it. I still light candles for him every
night and for antonio, praying, hoping, that someday, somehow -- dear God,
somehow my family will be brought back together.

Brian: Hey, weren't you listening to me? I am good to go wherever the pay is
decent, be it Harmony, paris, wherever.

Sheridan: It won't work, brian. I can see right through you. You don't want to
sail to Harmony because you're afraid of how it will affect me.

Brian: You know, we've already been through this. I --

sheridan: I didn't believe you then, and I don't believe you now. You're afraid
of how i will react being out at sea for such a long time after you found me
there almost drowned, and I don't blame you after the way I freaked out the last
time.

Brian: Can you blame me for trying to protect you? I mean, I don't know what
happened to you out there at sea, but before i pulled you out of the water,
something very traumatic must've happened.

Sheridan: But I'm fine now. I honestly don't think i will have a problem out on
that boat, so you don't have to worry.

Brian: It's soon for you to be thinking about a long sail like that. I'm telling
you, it could get rough out there.

Sheridan: But I won't be alone. I'll be in very capable hands. Please, brian.
Please don't say no. I'm so desperate to go to Harmony to see if it's at all
familiar.

Brian: Now, well, you say that now, but, i mean, what happens when we get out in
the middle of the ocean? What if a storm comes up?

Sheridan: I know. I have a way to prove to you that I will be all right.

Brian: Oh, yeah? What's that?

Sheridan: A trial run. We'll take a practice sail so that you can see that i
will be fine. I mean, that's fair, isn't it?

Brian: Yeah, I guess.

Sheridan: Thank you, brian. You'll see that I will be just fine, and we'll be
able to sail to Harmony without any problems.

Harper: So, ster of the universe, what are you going to do now?

Julian: Lose the sarcasm, harper, or lose the job. You're paid to help me.

Harper: I don't know if I can bail you out of this one, julian. It seems rebecca
hotchkiss has you right where she wants you.

Julian: I have ears. I know what the woman said. Why did I ever let her find out
that father ordered me to have my sister killed? I must've been out of my mind!


Harper: If you'll forgive me, sir, i don't believe it was your mind that was
controlling your actions at that point.

Julian: Well, whatever. It's done. Looks like i'm going to have to marry rebecca.
Who says it has to be right away? I'll just stall her. I'll drag my feet as long
as i can, and I'll be damned if i'm going to let her lasso me with a marital
noose before I've had a shot at bachelorhood.

Harper: I don't know. She seemed bound and determined to be the next mrs. Julian
crane immediately. And she doesn't strike me as a woman that could be easily put
off.

Julian: I'll take care of rebecca. She's persistent, but she's no match for me.
I'm a free man. I intend to make the most of it.

Rebecca: Straighten your tie, honey. I want you to look good for the wedding
photo.

Julian: What?

Rebecca: Well, it's all arranged. I have the license, and this man here is
qualified to marry us. So we are going to become husband and wife right now. Oh,
harper, you can be the best man.

Harper: Oh, congratulations, julian. It seems this is your wedding day.

Liz: Hey, where'd brian go?

Sheridan: His room. He wants to check out the weather.

Doc: Sounds like he's getting ready to take that trip you've been hankering for.


Sheridan: Not exactly. He's worried that I'll have a bad reaction to a long
spell out at sea, so i made him a deal -- we'll take a practice sail, and, if I
do all right, then he'll take me all the way to Harmony.

Liz: I see.

Sheridan: I don't know why it is so important for me to visit Harmony, but it
is. I just -- I have this hunch that something there will jog my memory.

Liz: I hope so, for your sake, honey.

Sheridan: I can't stop thinking about that man that called earlier.

Liz: The guy that was staying here that went back to Harmony?

Sheridan: Yeah, I mean, even though the connection was staticky, there was just
something familiar about his voice.

Liz: Like i said, he's looking forward to seeing both you and brian when you get
there. So i certainly hope it comes to pass.

Sheridan: Me, too.

Doc: So, when are you and brian heading out on this practice sail?

Sheridan: Soon as he gets an all clear on the weather.

Ivy: Well, where are you sneaking off to, young lady?

Theresa: If you don't mind, I need a moment alone. I'm worried about mama.

Ivy: Aren't we all? The more i think about it, the more convinced i am that it
has to have something to do with one of her children. But luis is certain it's
not him or miguel or paloma. And seeing as how no one has heard from antonio for
years, well, let's see, that only leaves -- oh -- hmm -- you.

Theresa: You don't know what you're talking about.

Ivy: Oh, but I think I do. Obviously all of your secrets have come home to
roost. But instead of landing on your shoulders where they belong, they have
landed on your mother. She loves you to pieces, theresa, and even she can't take
your lies and deceptions any longer. Don't you feel the least bit guilty about
what you are doing to her?

Theresa: Just stop it and leave me alone.

Ivy: Oh, no, no, no, no. No, because I am not through. You know what amazes me
about you, theresa? Is that your lies don't seem to affect you. They just roll
off your back. But the people close to you, people who love you -- like your
mother and ethan -- they're the ones who get hurt. Well, I knew you were still
hiding something, and it's obvious that your mother intends to tell ethan. Good.
Then he'll know that i was right about you all along.

Pilar: When i lost martin and then antonio, I didn't think my heart could break
any more. I was wrong. Because at this moment, it's shattering into more pieces
than i knew it had.

Eve: I'm so sorry, pilar. I know what it's like to want the best for your
children. But, still, you cannot blame what happened to theresa on yourself.

Pilar: I don't know about that, but it doesn't matter. If she can't bring
herself to do right by telling the truth, then i will have to do it for her.
Ethan loves my daughter, and he deserves to know that she's carrying julian's
child.

[Door opens]

luis: Look, I'm sorry to interrupt. Mama, everyone's really worried about you.


Pilar: I'll be all right, mijo.

Luis: I want to believe that, but it's kind of tough because I don't even know
what's got you so upset in the first place. Mama. Come on. You always taught us
not to keep things on the inside, whatever it is that's bothering us, it's
better to get them out.

Pilar: I still believe that.

Luis: Then you need to level with all of us. Just tell us what it is that's got
you so upset.

Pilar: Yes. That's what I intend to do. I want to get this off my chest once and
for all.

Man: The most sacred of commitments between a man and a woman --

rebecca: Could you hurry this up? We don't have all night.

Man: If that's what you want.

Julian: Are you sure you wouldn't rather do this in a more formal ceremony,
perhaps next month?

Rebecca: Just do it.

Man: By the power vested in me, i pronounce you husband and wife.

Rebecca: Oh! Pookie!

Sheridan: Oh, my goodness. I remember.

Ivy: Pilar, thank goodness. We were all so worried about you.

Pilar: I'm sorry to have caused everyone so much concern.

Ivy: Don't be silly. You mean the world to all of us.

Chad: Yeah, I'll second that. I mean, is there anything that we can do to make
you feel better?

Pilar: No. Thanks, chad.

Whitney: Then you're ok now?

Pilar: I feel calmer than i did a little bit ago.

Theresa: Mama, maybe you should lie down, you know, get some rest.

Pilar: No, teresita. There's something I must say first. Something I feel
strongly that ethan needs to know.














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site





















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Monday 12/10/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Monday 12/10/01

  Provided by
 SuzanneTabitha: Oh. It's so bloody frustrating, timmy.
So far, in her attempt to win miguel, kay has used the book of spells to turn
herself into a panther and into charity. Meanwhile, the real charity and miguel
are closer than ever.
 Timmy: Maybe their love is too strong for
anything to break it up.
 Tabitha: That better be your martimmy talking.
There are plenty of spells in the book of evil for kay to experiment with and
try to tear charity and miguel apart. Eventually, one of them will work.

 T.C.: I don't get it, sam. What is hastings
doing here?
 Sam: David claims that he wants to help grace
and me move back into our home asap.
 Hank: You don't buy that, do you, bro?

 Sam: I don't trust anything he says or does.
Despite all the proof he's given to show he and grace are married, i still don't
believe it.
 T.C.: Sam, i hear you. But why would he go
through all the trouble if he wasn't grace's husband? I mean, what is this guy's
motivation if he's not legit?
 Sam: I don't know. There's just something
strange about that guy.
 Ivy: You're not going anywhere, david. You're
going to stay and finish the job I hired you to do -- break up sam and grace for
good.
 David: No, no, you didn't hire me. You
blackmailed me. Ivy, i've done everything I can to break them up. Their love for
each other is -- it's unshakable.
 Ivy: No, I don't accept that. Now, i am going to
tell you the next step in my plan, and it's going to work. I'm going to get sam
back, and you're going to make it happen.
 David: Sorry, grace. But with what ivy has
planned, you and sam don't stand a chance.
 Grace: Hey, guys.
 Jessica: Hey.
 Grace: It's going to be beautiful.
 Charity: Thank you, aunt grace.
 Jessica: I hope so. I got enough on my hands.

 Grace: Charity, you feeling better?
 Charity: Yeah. I haven't had any premonitions or
a sense of evil since we left tabitha'S.
 Reese: Interesting.
 Charity: I hope my premonitions are wrong, aunt
grace. I really do. I would hate to think that a baby would destroy or cause any
pain, or that anybody would want to break up me and miguel, for that matter.

 Jessica: But you're still convinced that you saw
an image of yourself at tabitha's -- not once but twice.
 Reese: Very interesting.
 Charity: I swear that evil disguised itself as
me.
 Miguel: Chief bennett explained what that was
all about, charity. You were just seeing your reflection in the mirrors.

 Charity: But it seemed so real.
 Miguel: No, no, look. What's real is our love,
charity. No one's going to ever break us up.
 Sheridan: Oh, my goodness. I remember!

 Pilar: Ethan, there is something you need to
know. So it's true, huh? You're pregnant with julian's baby?
 Theresa: It's awful, but, yes, it's true.

 Ethan: What is it, pilar? What's troubling you?

 Ivy's voice: It's about theresa. It has to be.

 Luis: Mama, what is it that you need to tell
ethan?
 [Captioning made possible by the national
broadcasting company]
 timmy: Timmy wants to go home. He's still sore
from the fall.
 Tabitha: You're sore? I'm the one you fell on
from two floors up. Stop whining and start listening. We have got to keep our
tabs on kay, make certain she stays focused on trying to break up charity and
miguel.
 Simone: Charity senses that someone's trying to
break up her and miguel, and I know that someone is you, kay.
 Kay: Yeah, I -- i cast an evil spell that
changed me into charity so that i could fool miguel.
 Simone: Hmm. Well, I know it seems impossible.
Considering everything that happens around here, i'd believe just about
anything.
 Kay: Simone, if i had the power to cast spells,
don't you think I would've used one that works?
 Simone: I guess.
 Kay: I think the paint fumes are starting to get
to you because you're losing it.
 Simone: You know what, kay? Just be careful
because every time that you try to break up charity and miguel, something bad
always happens.
 Kay: Nothing bad is going to happen this time.
Because I know that book has a spell that i can use to break miguel and charity
up, and I will use it to make him mine.
 Sam: Hey.
 Grace: Hi, there.
 Sam: How's charity doing? You know, I worry
about the toll her premonitions take on her.
 Grace: Well, they're both a gift and a burden.
But, you know, i don't think what charity saw earlier was real. So much of it
was so outlandish.
 Sam: A baby who destroyed lives?
 Grace: Evil coming between her and miguel? I
mean, don't repeat this, but charity thought that the evil was kay.
 Sam: Kay? Kay. Well, look, I know our daughter
isn't perfect, but i hardly think she's evil.
 Grace: And she would never come between them.
Never.
 Tabitha: Ha. Get a clue, gracie. Not only will
kay try to break up the sappy couple, she'll succeed if our side as anything to
do with it.
 Timmy: Then timmy and charity can live happily
ever after.
 Tabitha: Hmm. Speaking of happiness, casa
bennett is full of it. Everything is oozing new and fresh and bursting at the
seams with goodness.
 Timmy: That's the way a home should be.

 Tabitha: Tell that to our friends in the
basement, timmy. Come on, we've got work to do.
 Brian: You recognize the picture?
 Sheridan: It's amazing. Where is it?
 Brian: Harmony. I went on to check the weather
for our practice sail tonight, ended up surfing the net, thought I'd check out
some sights in Harmony.
 Sheridan: I knew Harmony meant something to me.
I've been there before! That's why i recognize the wharf!
 Brian: Don't get your hopes up, diana, because
all those little quaint new england wharves -- they all look the same.

 Sheridan: Maybe. I just -- no, brian. I
recognize that wharf because I have been there before in a memory with the man
that i loved. If a picture of Harmony can jog my memory, then I'm sure going
there and seeing the places I've been and the people I knew will help me
remember who i am, and I owe it all to you!
 Pilar: Ethan, my daughter loves you so very
much, and it's true she's made mistakes, terrible mistakes. But her love for you
is real and deep.
 Ethan: I know.
 Pilar: No, ethan, you don't know everything, and
-- and you must. I'm so afraid for theresita, I am so worried that what's
happened has destroyed her life.
 Ivy: I knew this was about theresa. She's
keeping something else from ethan, something huge.
 Luis: It's all right. You just take your time,
ok?
 Pilar: I hate saying this, but the truth is that
--
 ethan: Pilar, it's all right. And you don't have
to say the rest. I know what this is about. It's about julian and theresa.

 Tabitha: Good evening, all.
 Grace: Oh. Hey, tabitha.
 Miguel: Hey, tabitha.
 Tabitha: I saw the lights on, so i came to see
if I could help.
 T.C.: You know, tabitha, it's nice of you to
offer, but I don't think you want to paint.
 Tabitha: I'll have you know i'm the grandma
moses of Harmony. Just give me a brush and show me where to work my magic.

 Grace: Well, perfect. You know, I think in the
foyer, here, there's a wall.
 Tabitha: Ok.
 Grace: Start with that.
 Reese: I don't like the idea of letting a witch
help us paint. She'll probably cast a spell on your new house.
 Jessica: Would you just stop with the tabitha's-a-witch
routine?
 Miguel: Yeah, reese, we're all sick of it.

 Reese: All right. But when you find out she's
tainted the place, you're going to wish you would've listened to me.
 Jessica: Ok, we'll see.
 Miguel: Whatever.
 Timmy: What's tabby really up to?
 Tabitha: Our housewarming gift is a medley of
hexes hither and thither. We can't allow the bennetts' lives to be too blissful,
timmy, and my job is to ensure that they have wall-to-wall misery.
 Sam: Hey. We'll be able to move in soon.

 Grace: I know, I can't wait. To have our family
all together and being in our home.
 Sam: After what we've been through this year,
rebuilding our house is like a fresh start for us. And nothing bad is going to
happen. Hey. What's wrong?
 Grace: Charity had a premonition earlier. I
tried to put it out of my head because it was so ridiculous. I guess I just
didn'T.
 Sam: What was it about?
 Grace: She saw you and ivy together, kissing.

 Sheridan: I am sure that Harmony holds a key to
my past in remembering who i am!
 Brian: Diana, slow down, because I don't want to
see you get hurt.
 Sheridan: I've been on that wharf before. I know
it! I had a memory of being there with the man i loved.
 Brian: I know you think that, but maybe just
because you saw the picture you forced this into something, you know, that's a
memory that's really not real.
 Sheridan: Maybe you're right. What are the odds
that i could have any ties to Harmony? It's like you said -- I want to remember
so badly that I'm letting hope win out over reason. Well, if that's the case,
then i probably shouldn't even sail to Harmony with you after all.
 Pilar: You know what I have to say is about
theresa and julian?
 Ethan: Yeah. It was foolish of me not to realize
it sooner.
 Luis: Realize what? What else did julian do to
theresa?
 Ethan: Think about it, luis. I mean, pilar said
she's afraid what happened to theresa might destroy her life. That can only mean
one thing, and it'd have to be something so serious that it would cause theresa
and me to split apart forever.
 Theresa's voice: Oh, God. Ethan knows I'm
pregnant with julian's baby.
 Ethan: I made it clear to theresa that in a
relationship, honesty and trust are more important to me than anything. And I
also told her that if i ever found out she was keeping a secret from me, I
couldn't marry her, and I meant it. That's what this is about, pilar, isn't it?
The secret theresa tried to keep from me.
 Pilar: Yes, ethan. That is what this is about.

 Ivy's voice: I knew it!
 Jessica: I'm glad charity's feeling better. She
gave mom a really big scare. She's so lucky to have somebody like miguel. Seems
like they grow closer every day.
 Kay: I'm not just going to sit here and watch
charity and miguel get closer. There's a spell in that book that's going to make
him mine, and I'm going to go find it.
 Tabitha: These hexes are the gift that keeps on
giving. Insurance that bad things keep happening to grace and company.

 Timmy: Timmy's not high on hexes. And besides,
won't the bennetts notice tabitha's graffiti?
 Tabitha: Oh, of course not, dim-tim. I'm not
leaving them visible. I'm going to paint over them over so no will see them. But
their effects will be felt for years to come.
 Reese: Aha, witch! I knew you were up to no
good, but this time I have proof! You're casting spells on this house!

 Tabitha: Oh, what are you talking about, ross?
These are just harmless doodles.
 Reese: Yeah, harmless to denizens of the dark
side. Just wait till everybody sees this. They're going to know I'm right.
You're a witch!
 Tabitha: Unhand me, you nasty, rude boy!

 Reese: I'm not letting you out of my sight till
everyone comes and sees your hellish handiwork!
 Timmy: Oh --
 reese: Tabitha was drawing symbols on the wall.

 Timmy: Poor princess.
 Reese: It's right there!
 Timmy: Timmy wonders how she'll get out of this
one.
 Reese: Just come and take a look. I promise --

 sam: Charity had a premonition of ivy and me
kissing? Trust me, that will never happen.
 Grace: It's just that charity saw it.

 Sam: Wait a second. You were eavesdropping on
us?
 David: No, but I heard what you were saying, and
i can't say i'm surprised. Charity saw what i've been saying is true all along.
You're still in love with ivy, and eventually you're going to leave grace to be
with her.
 Sam: You son of a --
 grace: Uh, david --
 pilar: Yes, ethan. This is about the secret that
theresa tried to keep from you. I'm so sorry that this has happened, so very
sorry.
 Ethan: Pilar, it's ok. Nothing's changed. I
still want to marry theresa.
 Pilar: You do?
 Ethan: Yes. Look, I just think you're having a
delayed reaction to julian and theresa getting married. It's like posttraumatic
shock or something.
 Pilar: Yeah, I'm definitely in shock.

 Ethan: Pilar, like any concerned and loving
mother, you're worried that because theresa married julian, there'd be huge
repercussions and that i won't want to marry her. But I swear to you that's not
the case. Look, what happened between -- between julian and theresa hasn't
changed anything. I still love your daughter. I still want to marry her and
spend my life with her and the children we'll have together.
 Pilar: Children. Ethan, what's happened between
theresa and julian has changed everything.
 Sheridan: Maybe I want to remember who I am so
badly that i fooled myself into having these false memories. I mean, maybe
Harmony just sounds familiar because I want it to.
 Brian: I don't want to bring you down, diana. I
just don't want you to get your hopes up and be all disappointed.
 Sheridan: So you don't think my going to Harmony
is a waste of time? Maybe I am forcing these memories, but I don't think so. I
am sure that i have been on that wharf before.
 Brian: Wouldn't that be something?
 Sheridan: I know you're afraid that I'll be let
down. But there's a chance that i won't, and that's a chance that i have to
take. It's the only chance that i might have at remembering who i am.

 Brian: You really want to sail back to Harmony,
don't you?
 Sheridan: Yes. And with you there, what could
possibly go wrong?
 Brian: All right. All right, we'll do it.

 Sheridan: Thank you, brian. I don't know what I
would do without you.
 Brian: Well, first things first because we do
need to do that practice sail to make sure you're ok for the ocean. Liz is
packing up some food for us now.
 Sheridan: I'll go get it. I'll meet you down at
the boat.
 Brian: All right.
 Sheridan: You know, I really hope I don't
frightened out at sea. I'm convinced that Harmony is going to change my life.

 Brian: Harmony is going to change my life,
that's for sure. I just don't know if i'm ready for it.
 Singer: You are my passion for life
 grace: Sam, please. I mean, you know, the kids?
The family.
 Sam: I still don't want him hanging around us,
eavesdropping on us.
 Grace: Just let me talk to david, ok?

 Sam: Ok, fine. But you put that bum in his
place.
 Grace: You know, it really wasn't very nice of
you to eavesdrop on us.
 David: You know, you really should listen more
to charity's premonitions. When we were together, you had premonitions and they
were almost always true.
 Grace: Almost. But her seeing sam kiss ivy isn'T.

 David: Really?
 Grace: You know, david, when are you going to
leave Harmony?
 David: I told you. When i know, when I'm
absolutely sure that you're happy.
 Grace: Oh. Well, see, i am happy. So you can
leave anytime.
 David: I don't buy it, grace. Your niece's
premonition got to you because you know there's enough truth in it that it could
really happen.
 Reese: Forget nut case norma and her numskull
father. This time I have positive proof that tabitha is a witch. Behold, her
witchcraftiness. See the evil she's been up to?
 Hank: Yeah, you've got tabitha this time, reese.
Mm-hmm.
 T.C.: Yep, that is some evil.
 Reese: Vindication at last.
 Simone: Yeah, for tabitha.
 Reese: Huh?
 Jessica: All she did was finish painting the
wall.
 Reese: What? But -- no, but -- but they were
here! I -- i saw them! How'd you do it, witch? How did you make those evil
symbols disappear?
 Tabitha: I'm sorry, ross, but I really don't
know what you're talking about.
 Reese: You did something to make those symbols
vanish. I know you did.
 Tabitha: But I was with you, dear. Remember?

 Reese: Oh. Right. Aha!
 He did it. Your living doll primered over the
wall while we were gone.
 Hank: Tabitha's doll painted the wall?

 Reese: He's trying to cover for tabitha.

 Tabitha: What an imagination he has. You know,
you might have a future in network television.
 Reese: Was that a putdown?
 Tabitha: And as far as the paint on timmy's
gloves goes, I must've got him too close to the wet trim while i was trying to
help my dear neighbors ready their rebuilt home.
 Reese: Don't believe her. Timmy primered that
wall.
 T.C.: Yeah. Well, sugar bear, maybe we should
ask tabitha to bring timmy over and paint our kitchen.
 Simone: Oh, well, you know, he does great work.
Mm-hmm.
 Reese: But tabitha and then timmy --
 hank: Maybe you should just sit down, chill out
for a little while, reese, ok?
 Jessica: Yeah.
 Simone: Sorry, tabitha. Once again, we apologize
for reese.
 Reese: Ugh. Wipe away the paint on that wall!
You'll see the proof!
 Tabitha: Thank you, timmy. Geek boy almost had
me there.
 Timmy: Timmy doesn't like what tabby's doing,
but he couldn't let his princess go down in flames again.
 Tabitha: Yes, i know. I've got to be more
careful. But I've still got more hexes i've got to put about down here.

 Timmy: Hasn't tabby done enough?
 Tabitha: Oh, no. Not as far as our bosses are
concerned. By the time I'm finished, the bennetts' chance of happiness has to be
zero to none.
 Sheridan: So far, so good. I'm not nervous at
all.
 Brian: Yeah, but we're still close to shore. The
water's calm. Let me see how you do when we get in the rough stuff -- you know,
make sure you're ready for this trip. Because once we start going to Harmony,
there's no turning back.
 Sheridan: Thanks for watching out for me. I
think I'm ready to set sail to Harmony, maybe even find out who I am.

 Brian: Aye, aye, mate.
 Sheridan: It sure is a beautiful starlit night.

 Brian: Yeah, it's beautiful.
 Sheridan: You know, I heard liz and doc saying
that there's some sailors that used the stars to navigate.
 Brian: Yeah, some still do.
 Sheridan: Do you?
 Brian: Not really.
 Sheridan: Did you used to? Brian? Hey, what's
wrong?
 Brian: Nothing. I'm just remembering a story my
mom told me when I was just a kid. It's about leaving home, losing your way. She
said that there'd always be a special star up there to help guide you back, back
to the ones that love you.
 Pilar: Ethan, what happened between theresa and
julian changes everything. It wasn't her fault, but she --
 ethan: I know it wasn't her fault. He got her
drunk. But it -- it was never a real marriage. They were never really together.
And now that the marriage is annulled, I just want to put this behind us, you
know, forget it ever happened.
 Pilar: I don't think you can, ethan.
 Ethan: I'll prove it to you. Theresa, your
mother's afraid that because you married julian, I think you're somehow tainted,
ruined, not worthy to be my wife. And while I do share pilar's belief that a
couple should be true to each other, I know that what happened between you and
julian was a drunken mistake. A one-time fluke. Theresa, don't cry. I love you.
I never stopped and I never will. I still want to make you my wife, make a life
with you. You're my soul mate, now and forever.
 Eve: Pilar, he loves her so much. If you tell
him that she's pregnant with julian's baby, it'll kill both ethan and theresa,
and the stress could harm the baby.
 Pilar: God forgive me, but you're right, eve. I
can't tell the truth. I can't do it.
 Ethan: And now, so there's no doubt in anyone's
mind, I'm asking you again. Will you do me the honor of being my wife? Will you
marry me?
 Theresa: Yes, ethan. Oh, yes!
 Pilar: I can't tell ethan that theresa's
pregnant with julian's baby, but the truth will come out. Theresa won't be able
to keep this a secret.
 Ethan: You see, pilar? Your worry was for
nothing. I still love theresa and i want to marry her.
 Pilar: Yes, i see that now.
 Ethan: I know you think it's your job as
theresa's mother to worry about her, but I'm going to be her husband soon. I'll
take on that worry.
 Pilar: Yeah, even so, I will never stop worrying
about my daughter.
 Ivy: Are the repercussions of julian and
theresa's marriage all that's upsetting you, pilar?
 Pilar: Yes, ivy. That's what's upset me -- the
repercussions of theresa's marriage to julian.
 Eve: Well, you were married to julian, ivy, for
what must've seemed like an eternity. Surely pilar's upset is understandable.

 Ivy: I suppose.
 Luis: Well, I'm glad we got that all cleared up.
I was starting to worry about you.
 Chad: Yeah, we all were.
 Ivy: I still think there's more to this than
some people are letting on.
 Theresa: Thank you, mama. Thank you for not
telling ethan that i'm pregnant with julian's child.
 Pilar's voice: I hope i'm not making a mistake.

 Kay: Seeing miguel and charity together make me
want to puke. He was mine before my crazy cousin ever came to town. But it's ok
because I'm going to find the right spell in here and it's going to get him for
keeps.
 Kay: Oh, no. Don't tell me the book's run out of
spells.
 Kay: &quot;A spell to break up a happy couple.&quot; Wow,
this book is writing a spell just for me? &quot;Love is patient, love is kind, my
words erase love from their minds. A happy couple they will not be, their hearts
all filled with misery.&quot; The spell must be working.
 Grace: Ooh.
 Hank: Grace, you ok?
 Grace: Yeah, I just felt a little strange there
for a second.
 T.C.: You know what? It must be the paint fumes.
Seems to be getting to a lot of people these days.
 Grace: Yeah. Hey, have any of you guys seen sam?

 Hank: I think we went outside for some air.

 Grace: Great. Because I think I need to give him
a really big kiss all of a sudden.
 Timmy: Tabby, look. There's smoke coming from
tabby's attic.
 Tabitha: Kay must've cast another spell! If it
works, our lovebirds will be plucked from each other tonight.
 co ñic m casual irinary.Shcoun ñ ñ O Ñ

 Kay: I hope this spell works better than the
last two did. I have to break up miguel and charity.
 Tabitha: I have a feeling that whatever spell
kay is casting is going to do the trick. And after tonight, charity and miguel
will be nothing more than a nauseating memory.
 Timmy: But kay's cast several spells from
tabby's book, and they've all backfired.
 Tabitha: Well, practice makes perfect, and
something tells me that this time the spell that kay has picked will work. It
will tear the happy couple apart.
 Sam: Have you guys seen grace?
 T.C.: She went outside to look for you.

 Hank: She wanted to give you a big kiss.

 Sam: Hmm. Well, in that case, out of my way. My
wife needs me, and I'm not about to disappoint her.
 [T.C. Chuckles]
 grace: There you are. I've been looking for you.

 Ivy: I still think there's more going on here
than meets the eye. Theresa's keeping a secret, a secret that is eating away at
pilar.
 Eve: You and your conspiracy theories.

 Ivy: No, I know that you said something to make
pilar change her mind about what she was going to say to ethan.
 Eve: Did I?
 Ivy: I've known pilar almost all my life, and
she's a strong, levelheaded woman. It would take a lot more than worrying about
ethan and theresa's relationship because of her annulled marriage to julian to
have pilar this distraught, and you and I both know it.
 Ethan: Hey, i got an idea. I think ch and i are
going to call the court and make sure the annulment papers were filed.

 Theresa: Ok.
 Whitney: Ok, theresa, you bought yourself some
time with your mother not telling ethan that you're pregnant with julian's
child, but you're luck's not going to last. You can't hide your pregnancy,
theresa. Soon you're going to start to show. Look, ethan and everyone else is
going to know, and when they do --
 theresa: Whitney, I can't think about that now.

 Whitney: Oh, oh, because, after all, tomorrow's
another day? Theresa, please stop with the scarlett o'hara routine. Tomorrow is
another day, but you will still be pregnant.
 Theresa: Let me enjoy being with ethan right
now!
 Whitney: Theresa, you're just --
 theresa: Things will work out. They always do.

 Luis: God, thanks for ethan and theresa's love.
I'm happy that they have each other. I'm happy that nothing can ever come
between them. Wow. If only sheridan were still here. If only we had that same
kind of love, nothing could ever come between us. Nothing but death. Yeah. I
wish you were still here.
 Sheridan: Besides your story of that star
guiding you home, you've never told me anything about yourself.
 Brian: Not much to tell.
 Sheridan: Do you have family back in the states?

 Brian: Hey, you know, where's that food that liz
packed for us?
 Sheridan: I'll get it. I wonder if you'll ever
follow that star back to the people who love you. Back to your family.

 Pilar: Antonio. Your family needs you, son. I
pray you follow that star back home to us soon.
 Woman: So no matter how long you're gone or how
far away you go, there's always that special star in the sky to guide you home,
lead you back to those who love you.
 Boy: I love this story. I promise I'll always
remember it.
 Woman: Will you, my dear antonio?
 Antonio: Yes, mama, i will.
 Brian: I still remember, mama. I still remember.















  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site





















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Tuesday 12/11/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Tuesday 12/11/01
  By Suzanne Lanoue
&nbsp;

 Sam: Paint goes on the wall.
 T.C.: All right.
 Sam: Come on.
 Simone: I got us something to drink, and I got the green paint, too.

 Reese: Yes, please, and bring the rags.
 Simone: I got one.
 Jessica: I am making the biggest mess.
 Timmy: Simone's right. Miguel and charity's love is stronger than ever.

 Tabitha: Well, it may be now, but just wait until kay's spell hits them.

 Timmy: Does tabitha really think kay will find the right spell to break
charity and miguel up?
 Tabitha: Oh, I certainly hope so. Kay is absolutely determined to have miguel
for herself. We're very lucky to have her on our side, timmy.
 Timmy: She doesn't know she's on your side, tabby.

 Tabitha: Of course she doesn'T. She has no idea that she's helping my bosses
in the basement. But if you and i are to survive, it's imperative that kay comes
between charity and miguel because once they make love, charity's powers of
goodness will become overwhelming.
 Timmy: And that's not good for timmy and tabby.

 Tabitha: No. Not good at all, lad. Let's just hope that the spell kay is
casting tonight works and it tears charity and miguel apart for good.
 Kay: This is amazing.
 Kay: &quot;A spell to break up a happy couple.&quot; Wow. This book is writing a spell
just for me? &quot;Love is patient, love is kind. My words erase love from their
minds. A happy couple they will not be, their hearts all filled with misery.&quot;
The spell must be working. I hope this spell works better than the last two did.
I have to break up miguel and charity. Well, I guess that's been enough time.
I'm going to go to the new house and see if it's working.
 Hank: Sam, i saw you and grace talking to david earlier. Everything all
right?
 Sam: David was eavesdropping on a private conversation between grace and me.
I wanted to set him straight. Grace said she'd handle it.
 Hank: Well, I'm sure she has. Go on. Go find her. She said she was looking
for you, had a kiss for you.
 Sam: Kiss, huh? I'm out of here.
 Grace: There you are. I've been looking for you.

 Whitney: You had a very close call tonight, theresa. Your mother was about to
tell ethan the truth -- that you are carrying julian crane's baby. Luckily, she
changed her mind.
 Theresa: I don't want to talk about this.
 Whitney: Well, you have to deal with the reality of this, theresa.
Eventually, ethan's going to find out. You're going to start to show. You're not
going to be able to talk your way out of this.
 Theresa: Something will happen. I know it will.

 Whitney: No, theresa. You got to deal with this. You can't marry ethan when
you're carrying another man's baby inside of you.
 Ethan: Theresa, good news. I called the courthouse. The annulment papers have
been filed, recorded, and your marriage to julian is officially erased.
 Theresa: Ethan, thank you. Thank goodness.

 Ethan: I knew you'd be happy to hear it. Now nothing's standing in our way
and we can get married as soon as we can arrange it.
 Luis: Well, at least theresa's going to be happy with ethan. I just -- I just
wish you were here, sheridan. Maybe you're out there somewhere, looking at the
same star i am, wishing we were together. Yeah. I know. Got to face the fact
that she's gone. It's just really hard.
 Sheridan: I hope brian's story is true, that if you follow that special star,
it will guide you home to the people that love you. I wish i could remember if i
even had any loved ones. When i get to Harmony, i'll find the answers. I just
have a strong feeling that Harmony holds the key to who i am.
 Pilar: Antonio, my dear son. Your family needs you as it never has before. If
only you would follow that star home to us.
 Pilar: &quot;So no matter how long you're gone, or how far away you go, there's
always that special star in the sky to guide you home and lead you back to those
who love you.&quot;
 Antonio: I love this story. I promise I'll always remember it.

 Pilar: Will you, my dear antonio?
 Antonio: Yes, mama, i will.
 Brian: I still remember, mama. I still remember.

 [Captioning made possible by the national broadcasting company]

 miguel: I think you missed a spot.
 Charity: Oh, honey.
 Kay: I don't understand. I cast a spell that was supposed to break up the
happy couple, but they're still together, still happy. I don't know why it
didn't work, but I am going to find out.
 Tabitha: Why is kay back so soon? Her spell hasn't had any effect on charity
and miguel yet.
 Timmy: Maybe it didn't work like the others.

 Tabitha: But once a spell is cast, it has to have some effect on someone
somewhere. Oh, dear. Maybe kay had bad aim and the spell hit someone else. But
who?
 Kay: Oh, my God. David is kissing my mom again?

 Sam: Grace? Are you out here?
 Kay: Hi, dad.
 Grace: Sam? David, how did this happen? I thought I was kissing sam.

 Sam: What's going on out here?
 Kay: Oh, my God. My spell. No wonder it didn't hit miguel and charity. It hit
my mom instead. If my dad sees her kissing david, this is all my fault. The
happy couple that I've destroyed is my parents.
 Young luis: I don't understand this problem. Mama says I have to work it out
on my own, but i can't do it.
 Antonio: Let me see. Ok, what happens if you do this?

 Young luis: Now it makes sense. Thanks.
 Antonio: No problem. That's what big brothers are for.

 Young luis: I hope you never leave home, antonio.

 Antonio: Don't worry, bro, I'm not going anywhere.

 Young luis: You promise?
 Antonio: Luis, I'll be here. If you have a problem, you come to me. I'll
always be here for you.
 Pilar: Luis, why did you do that? That's the candle I light for antonio every
night.
 Luis: Yeah, I know. And I'm sorry.
 Notg of antonio as you are, especially in times like this when we need him
the most.
 Pilar: I wish he were here, too, but until he comes home, I will continue to
light that candle for him and pray for him.
 Luis: Don't you ever get mad? Antonio took off. He just picked up his stuff
and left. And right after pop disappeared. You could have used his help. You
know, we all could have. He just left us, didn't tell us where he was going. I
mean, hell, we still don't know where he is. And I'm sorry if that makes me mad
that he did that to his family.
 Pilar: I don't understand it, either. But I believe that antonio must have
had his reasons and someday we'll know why.
 Sheridan: Hey, what are you thinking about? You seem a million miles away.


 Brian: Oh, I wasn't thinking about anything, really. I was just looking at
the stars.
 Sheridan: You sure? You got awfully quiet after you told me that story that
your mother told you as a child.
 Brian: I guess I did.
 Sheridan: Were you thinking about your mother just now?

 Brian: No, I told you -- I wasn't thinking about anything.

 Sheridan: You know, you've never really talked about your family or your
childhood. Why not?
 Brian: There's not much to talk about.
 Sheridan: I wish i knew if i had anyone out there. The memories i have were
of the man that I loved, and even then I can't remember his name. And when i do
remember, I know that he's dead. I don't even know if there's anyone else out
there.
 Brian: Doc said you'll regain your memory eventually.

 Sheridan: I hope doc's right. Do you have family somewhere?

 Brian: Yes.
 Sheridan: Do you ever see them?
 Brian: No, I haven't seen them in a long time.

 Sheridan: Don't you miss them?
 Brian: I miss them every single day.
 Sheridan: Then i'm sure you must love them. Why did you leave, brian? Why did
you leave your family? A spongeanol gems.
 Ape weon' isinfec / /
 Sam: You want to tell me what the hell you're doing out here?

 Kay: Good. My mom got away just in time. If dad had seen her kissing david,
that would haveeen all my fault. Well, the spell hit the wrong people. Maybe it
just won't last too long. At least i know it worked. I've got to go to tabitha's
attic again and get that book. I've got to destroy miguel and charity.
 David: I just came out to get some fresh air. Is there a problem with that?


 Sam: It's not a very nice night --
 grace: Sam.
 Sam: Hey, grace, there you are.
 Grace: I've been looking for you.
 Sam: Well, hank said that you had a kiss for me, and I came to collect.

 Grac yeah.
 Eve: Hi.
 T.C.: Hey. Grab a brush.
 Eve: Well, where are grace and sam?
 T.C.: They're outside. You didn't see them when you came in?

 Eve: Oh, no. I parked in the back, came in through the kitchen.

 T.C.: House is looking great, isn't it?
 Eve: Mm-hmm.
 T.C.: Honey, are you all right?
 Eve: Oh, yeah, I'm fine. I just got back from pilar's. Theresa signed the
annulment papers, so her marriage to julian is over.
 T.C.: Great. I'm sure that theresa and ethan are happy. Now they can move on
with their lives.
 Eve: Yeah.
 T.C.: I'm sure theresa's relieved. She's finally got that creep julian out of
her life for good.
 Theresa: What does this mean?
 Eve: This test came out positive, too. You're definitely pregnant.

 T.C.: Sweetheart, what is it?
 Eve: Oh, T.C.
 T.C.: Oh, baby. Wait a minute. I know what it is.

 Ethan: Aren't you excited, theresa? We can get married now. There's nothing
standing in our way.
 Theresa: Ethan, of course i am excited. I can't wait to be your wife.

 Ethan: We should celebrate, go out for dinner or something. Every time we've
tried to get married, something has happened. Now nothing can stop us because
there are no more secrets. Hey, chad, you're still going to be my best man,
right?
 Chad: Oh, absolutely, brother, man. You've just got to tell me when to show
up.
 Whitney: There's something very huge standing in the way of you marrying han,
theresa. You --
 theresa: Whitney, we can't talk about this here.

 Whitney: Please just --
 ethan: Is everything ok?
 Theresa: Yes.
 Theresa and whitney: Everything is fine.
 Theresa: Yeah. I just wanted to make sure that whitney would still be my maid
of honor.
 Ethan: Well, you will, right? I mean, no big tennis tournaments coming up, i
hope.
 Whitney: No, I don't have anything coming up this month.

 Ethan: Good. I mean, we couldn't get married without you two. It wouldn't be
the same. You guys have been with us through everything.
 Theresa: Yes, they have.
 Ethan: So, when do you think we should get married? You know, maybe we could
talk to father lonigan and find out when we can have a big church wedding.

 Theresa: Father lonigan?
 Ethan: Yeah, sure. I mean, you've always said that you want a big church
wedding with all our friends and family there. But it will take some time
planning.
 Chad: Yeah, all the invitations, the reception -- that's going to take a lot
of time planning.
 Theresa: Wait. We can't do this.
 Ethan: What? What are you talking about?
 Eve: T.C., What are you talking about?
 T.C.: Sweetheart, I know what it is. This happens e yo Around the cranes. You
walk away unhappy and upset.
 Eve: That's true. I mean, the crane mansion is so full of hatred and
unhappiness.
 T.C.: And it has to affect you. I mean, just being around them. Julian is
such a pig. Any decent person would get the creeps just being around him.
Sweetheart, no wonder you're so upset.
 Grace: Hey.
 Sam: You're just in time.
 Grace: I'm glad you're here.
 T.C.: Hey, sammy, why don't you give hank and I a hand. We need to finish up
this trim over here. Come on.
 Sam: All right. Duty calls.
 Grace: Something bothering you? Eve, is everything ok?

 Eve: No, nothing's ok. It's so hard watching a couple who love each other
being torn apart by outside forces.
 Grace: You saw me kissing david, didn't you?

 Eve: What? You were kissing david?
 Grace: I thought that's what you were talking about.

 Eve: No, I was talking about another couple, not you and sam. What's going on
between you and david? And what did sam say?
 Timmy: Tabby, look. Kay's back, and she has the book of spells.

 Tabitha: Yes. It looks as if things are going to work out tonight after all.
Once kay is through with them, charity and miguel will be history.
 Charity: Oh.
 Miguel: Charity? What's wrong?
 Charity: It's here, miguel. It's in the house. I can feel it.

 Miguel: What's here?
 Charity: The evil. Miguel, it's back. And it's going to destroy us.

 Pilar: I feel in my heart that antonio will come home someday. And I will
continue to light that candle and pray for his safe return.
 Luis: It's been too long. If he were coming home, he would have done it a
long time ago.
 Pilar: No, luis. You're wrong. Antonio will come home someday, and so will
your father. I will never give up believing that God will bring them back home.


 Sheridan: Why did you leave your family? Why don't you ever see them?

 Brian: It's complicated. It's hard to explain.

 Sheridan: Do you ever call them?
 Brian: No, I haven't had contact with them since I left.

 Sheridan: Why not? What happened to make you feel so estranged from them?

 Brian: Diana, just take my word for it, ok? It's better this way. If i try to
contact them, if i try to show up back home, it's just going to make things
worse. And besides, they've probably forgotten all about me anyway.
 Sheridan: Oh, I'm sure that's not true.
 Brian: Well, how do you know? You don't know them.

 Sheridan: Well, no, but I can't imagine any mother or father forgetting their
own child. Have you forgotten them?
 Brian: No.
 Sheridan: Well, then i'm sure they haven't forgotten you, and I'm sure that
they miss you every day the same way you miss them.
 Brian: You know what? I hope they don't because they're better off without
me.
 Sheridan: Why would you say something like that? What did you do?

 Brian: I told you, diana, it's complicated. Things are better off the way
they are.
 Sheridan: I'm not so sure about that. I bet your mother's heart is breaking
over the loss of her son.
 Theresa: I have to tell you something. I was afraid -- afraid that I'd lose
you.
 Ethan: Lose me? What are you talking about, theresa? Just tell me.

 Theresa: When i married julian, I slept with him.

 Ethan: You what? No --
 theresa: I was drunk. I thought that i was making love to you, but when i
woke up, I found julian next to me.
 Ethan: That son of a bitch.
 Theresa: Ethan, it's worse than that. I just -- I found out that i was
pregnant with his baby. I'm sorry, ethan. It was a terrible mistake. I didn't
know that i was making love to him.
 Ethan: Oh, my God. I am so sick of the lies! The deception! You swore to me
there were no more secrets, and you tell me this? The biggest lie of all?
 Theresa: Ethan, i love you. I want to be your wife.

 Ethan: You think I can marry you now? Damn, julian!

 Theresa: No, no, no! Where are you going?
 Ethan: I'm going to go find julian! I'm going to make him pay for this.

 Theresa: No, please. It's not worth it!
 Ethan: I'm going to kill him for what he's done.

 Theresa: Ethan! No! Don't!
 Whitney: Theresa?
 Ethan: Theresa, what's wrong? I mean, what do you mean, we can't do it? You
mean get married?
 Theresa: No. No, no. Of course not. I was -- i was just thinking -- a big --
a church wedding and all the preparations -- it would just -- it would take a
long time, ethan, and i want to get married now.
 Ethan: Now?
 Theresa: Yes. I don't want to wait another day. Let's just get married now,
ethan. As soon as possible. ñ7ccsggwxwqoq
 Pilar: Luis, mijo, you must find forgiveness in your heart.

 Luis: I'm sorry, but I don't have it in my heart to forgive antonio. Look at
what happened with theresa, all right? I blame him for that.
 Pilar: How can you blame him?
 Luis: Because if he had never left, it would have never happened. Things
would have been different. When, papa disappeared, he took off without even so
much as saying a word. You had such a hard time trying to put bread on the
table. And paloma had to go live at aunt maria's, and now this whole mess with
theresa. I don't even know how you did it.
 Pilar: I had my faith in God.
 Luis: Well, I don't know how you held on to it.

 Pilar: There were times when it -- when it was not easy. When i found out
that julian had married our beautiful theresita, I was furious with God for
allowing that to happen. But God did not desert me, luis. He sent father lonigan
to me when i was feeling the most despair. God has his reasons, mijo. And we
don't always know what they are, but we have to hold on to our faith and believe
that God has a plan. And I am trying with all my heart to believe that right
now.
 Luis: It's all right.
 Pilar: I'm just so worried about theresa.
 Luis: You heard what ethan said. He said he still loves theresa and he still
wants to marry her. Things are going to be fine with them.
 Pilar: Sure, son. I don't think so.
 Whitney: Why don't you just get a good night's sleep, theresa, and think
about making arrangements tomorrow, after you've had time to rest.
 Theresa: All right. I am too wound up to just go to bed. Let's go out. Let's
do something fun.
 Ethan: Ok. Like what?
 Theresa: Like ice skating. It will be the first time for us this winter.

 Ethan: Let's do it.
 Theresa: I'll get my coat.
&nbsp;
 Whitney: You know we have to talk, right?
 Theresa: Not now, whitney.
 Whitney: You think you can just avoid this?

 Ethan: Are you ladies ready?
 Theresa: I am ready.
 Ethan: All right.
 Chad: Hey. Is everything ok?
 Whitney: Yes. Everything's fine. Thank you.

 Chad: Ok. If you say so.
 Whitney: But it won't be fine for long.
 Eve: You thought you were kissing sam?
 Grace: Well, of course. But then i heard sam call my name and I saw that i
was kissing david. I mean, I don't understand.
 Eve: What did sam say?
 Grace: Well, I haven't told him.
 Eve: Why not?
 Grace: Eve, i thought for sure that I was kissing sam. I mean, I would never
-- I would never kiss david. I know this sounds strange, but I think something
made me think that david was sam.
 Kay's voice: Ok, here goes. I'm going to give this spell one more try. And
this time, i'm going to make sure it hits charity and miguel, not my mom.
 Kay: &quot;Love is patient, love is kind. My words erase love from their minds. A
happy couple they will cease to be, their hearts all filled with misery.&quot;

 Charity: It's here, miguel. I'm telling you, i can feel it. Evil is here in
this house.
 Miguel: Charity, this house is brand-new. How can there be evil in here?

 Charity: I don't know how. I don't know.
 Miguel: Ok, you stay here and rest, and I will get you something. Some tea,
ok?
 Charity: Yeah.
 Charity: I can't just stay here. I have to do something. I'm going to get
help.
 Luis: Mama -- I'm sorry I blew out antonio's candle and that I spoke against
him.
 Pilar: I understand how you feel, luis. When antonio left, he left you with
the burden of taking care of this family.
 Luis: It never felt like a burden to me. I was happy to take care of us.

 Pilar: I know. But you sacrificed so much. You postponed living your life,
getting married, starting a family.
 Luis: No, I didn't. I never wanted any of those things until i met sheridan.
I was just waiting for God to send me the right woman.
 Pilar: Oh, luis, you loved her so very much.

 Luis: I still do. I still wish she was here.

 Pilar: I know, son. I know. I know how difficult this is for you. Look, you
may not want to believe this right now, but you will find love again, luis. You
will.
 Luis: You didn't. And neither will i. Sheridan's going to be the only woman I
ever love.
 Sheridan: Why are you so hard on yourself? What happened to make you think
that you had to leave and stay away forever? Hey, whatever it is, i'm sure it's
not that bad. I can see you don't want to talk about it.
 Brian: Diana, i haven't talked to anyone about this in all these years. In
fact, i don't know why I'm opening up about it right now.
 Sheridan: I'm glad you feel that you can talk to me. I hope you know you
always can.
 Whitney: Hey! Cheater.
 Ethan: This was a great idea, theresa.
 Chad: Yeah, yeah, tell that to my ankles, man. They need a break.

 Theresa: Yeah, it was a great idea. I'm having fun.

 Chad: What about you, whitney? You having fun?

 Whitney: Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm having a great time.

 Ethan: Theresa, look at the couple over there teaching their kid how to
skate.
 Theresa: That's so sweet.
 Ethan: That's going to be us soon, teaching our kid how to skate. Oh, I can't
wait. But, of course, we're going to have to wait until we get an apartment and
a bank account. But hopefully, we won't have to wait too long.
 Theresa: I hope so, too.
 Ethan: And I want our kids to grow up in a house like yours -- you know, a
house full of love and happiness.
 Chad: Well, it sounds like you didn't get too much of that in the crane
mansion, huh?
 Ethan: No, it was -- it was a pretty cold house to grow up in. My mother and
sheridan excepted. But, you know, i'll tell you one thing. When i found out i
wasn't julian crane's son, it's just -- I'm so glad knowing that there won't be
a drop of crane blood in any of our children.
 Ethan: Are you ok?
 Theresa: Yeah. I'm -- it's really cold. It's really cold.

 Ethan: I don't want you catching a cold before we get married. Hey, i'll tell
you what -- let's go to the courthouse in the morning, pick up our marriage
license, and then we can get married tomorrow.
 Theresa: I want that more than anything in the world.

 Whitney: Yeah, I'm really freezing, too.
 Chad: Yeah? Well, you know what? Sounds like hot chocolate time.

 Whitney: Cool.
 Ethan: All right, we'll get some. We'll be right back.

 Theresa: Ok.
 Ethan: All right.
 Whitney: Thank you.
 Whitney: Theresa, have you totally lost your mind? Please don't forget that
you're pregnant. You have julian's baby growing inside you. You can't marry
ethan. who lost thier lives 3 months ago today. Plus... How would you like to
take years off your face? We'll tell you about a new procedure here in alabama
that claims to do that, without the exspense and pain of plastic surgury. And...
New information about the dangers of stress on your information surgury.Without
the procedure how would you nation report. Detained after afternoon.
 Kay: I hope this worked. I saw miguel go into the kitchen, and charity left,
too. Oh, I got to see what's going on.
 Tabitha: This is it, timmy. Kay has just cast another spell from the book.
This time I have a feeling it's going to work.
 Timmy: Kay will finally break up charity and miguel?

 Tabitha: Mm-hmm.
 David: Why did you run away, grace? If the kiss meant nothing, why didn't you
want sam to see us?
 Grace: I don't know how to explain.
 David: You know, if your marriage is as strong and open as you say it is,
then you should be able to tell sam why you were kissing me.
 Grace: It's just that i don't understand myself. I thought I was kissing sam.


 David: Really?
 Grace: Yes, that's the truth.
 David: Well, then the more reason you shouldn't be afraid to tell him, then.


 Grace: I am not afraid.
 David: Well, go on, then. Tell him.
 Grace: Fine. I will.
 Charity: Father, thank you. Thank you for coming.

 Father lonigan: I came as quickly as I could. You sounded so upset on the
phone. What is it, my child?
 Charity: Father, I need you now. There's evil. It's in the house, and i need
you to destroy it. Please. Right away.
 Kay: I hope the spell worked. Hey. I was hoping i'd find you in here.

 Miguel: You were looking for me?
 Kay: Yeah. You were on my mind.
 Miguel: That's funny. You were on my mind, too. But then, you're always on my
mind.
 Kay: Really?
 Miguel: Yeah. In fact, i want to give you something.

 Kay: What?
 Miguel: I don't know if i should.
 Kay: Why not? What is it?
 Miguel: I don't know if it's the right thing to do.

 Kay: It's the right thing to do. Go ahead.

 Miguel: Ok.
 Sheridan: Dinner is served.
 Brian: Good, because I'm starved.
 Sheridan: Still thinking about your family?

 Brian: Yeah. I haven't stopped thinking about them since we talked about
them. I don't know why.
 Sheridan: I do.
 Brian: Oh, yeah? Why is that?
 Sheridan: Because we're sailing back to Harmony.

 Luis: Yeah?
 Man: I have a package for luis lopez fitzgerald.

 Luis: That's me.
 Man: Sign here, please. Thanks. Have a nice evening.

 Luis: Yeah, thanks a lot.
 Pilar: What is it, luis?
 Luis: I don't know.
 Pilar: Who is it from?
 Luis: Sheridan.
 Whitney: Theresa, tell me that you're going to call off the wedding.

 Theresa: What if -- what if the baby is really ethan's?

 Whitney: But you know it's not ethan's, theresa. You were on the pill when
you had sex with ethan. You had absolutely no protection when you slept with
julian. It's julian's baby.
 Theresa: Whitney, you know that. I know that. Your mother knows that. But,
you know, we're not going to tell, so no one has to know.
 Whitney: Oh, my -- theresa, you are not thinking about passing this baby off
as ethan's, are you?













  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
&nbsp;
















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Wednesday 12/12/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;

Wednesday 12/12/01
  By Suzanne Lanoue
&nbsp;

 David: So what are you waiting for, grace? I thought you were going to admit
to sam that you kissed me.
 Grace: You know, I told you that i didn't know i was kissing you. I thought I
was kissing sam.
 David: Oh, yeah, yeah, I've heard that point being made a couple times
already, but --
 grace: Yeah, well, that's -- it's because it was the truth.

 David: Well, if it was true, then there's no reason you should be afraid to
tell sam, is there?
 Grace: What exactly are you trying to say?

 David: I'm saying if your marriage is as strong as you claim it is, then
there should be nothing to hold back. You can go tell sam that you kissed me by
accident and know that at least he'll be ok with it.
 Grace: You know what, you're right. My marriage is that strong.

 David: Well, good.
 Grace: I'm going to go tell sam right now.

 David: All right.
 Tabitha: Making sure kay got her hands on the book of spells is one of my
best ideas yet, timmy. And she's just cast another spell that will definitely
send charity and miguel to splitsville. I've got a good feeling about this one.


 Timmy: How does tabby know that kay didn't mess up like she did the first
time?
 Tabitha: Call it witch's intuition, lad. Thanks to our kay, romeo and juliet
are doomed. And you know what that means, don't you?
 Timmy: Timmy knows.
 Tabitha: Goodness won't live another day in Harmony.

 Father lonigan: What do you mean evil is here, my child?

 Charity: I mean evil is in the house. Father, I need your help. You need to
destroy it right away, before it's too late.
 Sheridan: Dinner is served.
 Brian: Good.
 Sheridan: You're still thinking about your family, aren't you?

 Brian: You know, I haven't been able to get them out of my mind since you and
I talked about them. I don't know why.
 Sheridan: I do.
 Brian: You do?
 Sheridan: Sure. It's because we're sailing to Harmony. The idea of sailing to
Harmony is why you're thinking about your family. It's stirred up memories of
them.
 Pilar: You have a very special name, antonio brian. Do you know how you got
it?
 Antonio: No, mama.
 Pilar: Well, you were named after your two grandfathers. Brian is papa's
father's name and antonio is my father's name.
 Antonio: Does that mean i will be like them some day?

 Pilar: Yes, my son. That means that you will be kind and loving and strong,
like all the men in the family before you.
 Sheridan: I know why you can't stop thinking about your family. It's because
your family is connected to Harmony.
 Pilar: What is it?
 Luis: I don't know.
 Pilar: Who's it from?
 Luis: Sheridan.
 Pilar: Oh, dear God. A letter from sheridan? What?

 Luis: Well, this can mean only one thing. My prayers have been answered.
Sheridan's still alive!
 Whitney: You can't be serious, theresa. You can't really be thinking about
passing julian's baby off asthan's, right?
 Theresa: I've never been more serious in my life. I love ethan with all of my
heart, whitney. I cannot lose him.
 Whitney: Theresa, but you know that it's not ethan's baby. You were on the
pill when you had sex with ethan, you had no protection when you slept with
julian. It's not ethan's, so you can't do it.
 Theresa: Ok, you know that, I know that, your mother knows that, but we're
not going to tell. No one has to know the truth.
 Whitney: Has it even crossed your mind that what you're doing is terribly
wrong? You can't go through with this.
 Theresa: I have to, whitney. I ve no other choice.

 [Captioning made possible by the national broadcasting company]

 tabitha: Kay's spell's going to do the trick this time. I can feel it in my
bones.
&nbsp;
 Timmy: Tabby's bones may be a little off today.

 Tabitha: Oh, no! That pain-in-the-neck priest could ruin everything!

 Eve: Hey, what's going on? You seem troubled.

 Grace: Well, you're right. I -- i need to t you'll get through this.

 Sam: House is looking great, isn't it?
 Grace: Yeah, it is. Can I talk to you for a second? I want to tell you
something.
 Sam: Sure.
 Grace: Ok.
 Sam: What's father lonigan doing here?
 Grace: I don't know, but charity looks upset. We'd better see.

 Charity: Father, please do something. There's evil in the house.

 Grace: Charity, hello. Father lonigan, what's wrong?

 Father lonigan: Charity called and asked me to come over. She senses the
presence of evil in this house.
 Sam: But that's not possible. It's a brand-new house. It's not even finished.


 Charity: I know that. But I have a really strange feeling. Evil is at work as
we speak.
 Tabitha: Oh, I've had it up to my ears with blondie's strange sensations.
That girl is always screwing everything up!
 T.C.: You all look so serious. What's going on?

 Sam: Charity senses that there might be evil in the house.

 Jessica: Oh, no, not again.
 Grace: Shh.
 Sam: It's ok. Father lonigan will take care of it.

 Father lonigan: Since your old house was taken over by evil and destroyed, we
cannot be too careful. I will bless every room. If evil is starting to enter
this house, we must destroy it.
 Whitney: You know, it's not your only choice, theresa. In fact, passing
julian's baby off as ethan's isn't a choice at all. It's insane.
 Theresa: Whitney, i have to do this. Don't you see? I love ethan more than
anything in this world.
 Whitney: Well, if you really, truly love him, you can't do this to him or the
baby!
 Theresa: But this will be better for the baby. Ethan will be a much better
father than julian.
 Whitney: Theresa, that's not the point, and you know it. You're not thinking
clearly about this.
 Theresa: Oh, of course i'm not thinking clearly! I'm still trying to accept
the fact that I'm pregnant with julian crane's baby. I'm having a hard time
dealing with it myself, whitney.
 Whitney: I'm not going to say that i can understand what you're going
through, theresa, but --
 theresa: No, you can'T. Because the truth is neither can I. But believe me, I
didn't want any of this to happen. But it did, so now i have to figure out what
to do.
 Whitney: Pretending this baby is ethan's is not the answer, theresa. Don't
you realize that's the exact same thing that ivy did? She pretended ethan was
julian's baby his whole life. And don't you see the pain that it caused when the
truth finally came out? You can't possibly do this to ethan or the baby. You
just can't, theresa.
 Sheridan: Your family's tied to Harmony, isn't it?

 Brian: Why do you say that?
 Sheridan: It's obvious. I mean, it's not exactly the town of Harmony itself.
It's just going back to the united states. I assume that's where you're from.
Where are you from, anyway?
 Brian: Oh, all over. I mean, we moved around a lot.

 Sheridan: That means you don't want to tell me.

 Brian: No, it's not that. It's just like i said, we lived a lot of different
places.
 Sheridan: Ok, mr. Wanderer, I won't ask any more. But do you think you could
at least settle down long enough to join me for something to eat?
 Brian: I think that can be arranged.
 Brian: You're closer to the truth than you know, diana. My family is from
Harmony.
 Luis: It's a miracle, mama. This letter is from sheridan! She must still be
alive!
 Pilar: How can that be, mijo?
 Luis: I don't know and I don't care. All that matters is that she's come back
me.
 Luis: Strange. There's a cover letter.
 Pilar: What does it say?
 Luis: It's from sheridan's attorney. Says that if something ever happened to
her that she wanted this letter forwarded to me.
 Pilar: I'm so sorry, mijo.
 Luis: How could I have been so stupid? I should've known.

 Pilar: Your love is very strong, luis. It's only natural for you to hope for
a miracle. Why don't I leave you alone to read the letter, huh?
 Luis: &quot;My darling luis, I hope you never get this letter. If you do, it'll be
because I'm gone.&quot;&nbsp;
Breakfast !- Where's your mother ?
 Theresa: No, no, this is different. Ivy and julian didn't even have a good
marriage to begin with. They never even loved each other. Ethan and I love each
other with all of our hearts.
 Whitney: I still don't see what you're getting at, theresa.

 Theresa: Ivy never intended to tell julian the truth. She planned to keep
ethan's paternity a secret forever. But I plan to tell ethan the truth
eventually.
 Whitney: And &quot;eventually&quot; would be when?

 Theresa: Once ethan and I were married and we had more children, i will tell
him that i thought the baby was his but later I learned that it was julian's.


 Whitney: But don't you get it, theresa? You would just be lying more.

 Theresa: Whitney, the point is by then ethan and i would have such a stng
bond, he would never leave me. Ethan would love me and our family so much that
we would be able to work through this.
 Whitney: You are seriously deluding yourself. Understand this -- if you do
this, you're going to be making the biggest mistake of your life.
 Father lonigan: Lord in heaven, may you always spare this dwelling from the
forces of evil.
 Grace: Charity, everything's going to be fine.

 Charity: I hope so. But I can't shake this terrible feeling.

 Grace: Well, did you have any specific premonition or was it just a general
feeling of evil?
 Charity: A little of both really. First I felt a general feeling of evil in
the house. Then i started to feel miguel and me being torn apart. Then --
 grace: Sweetie, what? No, there's something else. Hey, you don't have to be
afraid to tell me.
 Charity: Aunt grace, I see you and sam being torn apart, and i see david
doing it.
 Sam: Grace, you said you had something to tell me. What is it?

 Grace: Uh --
 father lonigan: Evil be gone from this place.

 Jessica: Father lonigan, are you sure that this is going to work? I'm sorry,
but i can't stand the thought of evil being in our home again.
 Father lonigan: Do not fear, my child. You will be safe so long as evil has
not been here before.
 Hank: What does that exactly mean, father.

 Father lonigan: So long as evil has not planted hexes around this house, my
blessing will protect you.
 Tabitha: You snooze, you lose, father. I've planted enough unholy hexes in
this house to ensure years of bad times for the bennetts.
 Timmy: Does tabby mean that father lonigan's holy water is all washed up?

 Tabitha: It is not that simple, timmy. The lethal liquid is not effective on
the hexes i've already painted on the walls, but it will make it difficult for
evil to take over entirely. Lonigan's blasted blessing is going to throw
everything off, including kay's spell.
 Timmy: Does that mean sweet charity won't get hurt?

 Tabitha: I really don't know what's in the cards now, timmy, except that
kay's spell is about to go haywire.
 Miguel: Hey. Sorry, guys. I didn't mean to interrupt.

 Kay's voice: How can this be? If miguel's over there, then who am I kissing?


 Reese: Wow. That was some kiss, sweetheart.

 Sam: What did you want to tell me, grace?
 Grace: I'm sorry, sam. I guess it just must not have been that important.

 Sam: All right. As long as you didn't decide you don't like the color of this
room.
 Grace: Oh -- no, no.
 Sam: Ok.
 Grace: Nothing like that.
 Sam: Good, good. Listen, I'm going to take father lonigan through the rest of
the house.
 Grace: Ok.
 Charity: Hey, i'm going to go look for miguel. I haven't seen him for a
while.
 Grace: Ok, sweetie.
 Eve: I think you made a mistake, grace. You should've told sam that you
kissed david.
 Grace: Eve, i was going to tell him, but charity had a premonition. She saw
david coming between sam and me. And I just -- I couldn't tell him. I just
couldn't tell him.
 Kay: I didn't mean to -- I mean, I was thinking --

 miguel: You don't have to be embarrassed, kay. It's no big deal.

 Reese: Whoa! Now, that is where you're wrong, my friend. That kiss was a very
big deal, and then some.
 Kay: Don't say that.
 Reese: But it's true, sweetheart. I was just coming downstairs to give you a
little peck, but whoo! You gave me a lot more loving than that.
 Kay: Reese, you don't understand, ok?
 Reese: Shh! I am a man of science and I understand perfectly. That kiss
showed exactly how you feel about me. And I feel the same way.
 Kay: Reese.
 Whitney: Theresa, you are headed for serious disaster if you go through with
this.
 Theresa: Whitney, you have to believe me. I hate lying to ethan, but I am
doing it all for the right reasons.
 Whitney: Will you listen to yourself? You're not even making any sense.

 Theresa: I am making perfect sense. Ethan loves me. And if i tell him I'm
pregnant with julian's child, it'll crush him and our relationship will be over.


 Whitney: You know what, maybe you're not giving ethan enough credit. Maybe he
would understand this.
 Theresa: Even if he would, whitney, it wouldn't matter. Ethan would know that
julian took advantage of me while i was drunk. He would know that julian slept
with me, whitney, when i thought i was making love to ethan.
 Whitney: He would want to kill julian, I know.

 Theresa: Yes, he would. He would go straight over to the mansion, kill
julian, and spend the rest of his life in jail because of me. I mean, is that
what you want?
 Whitney: Of course not, theresa.
 Theresa: Well, then you must understand why this is my only choice.

 Whitney: You know what, I'm sorry, but i still don't understand. If you do
this, I still think that you'll be making a huge mistake.
 Theresa: Well, I'm fresh out of options here, whitney, so please feel free to
give me another solution. If you tell me another way to fix this mess, I'll do
it.
 Sheridan's voice: &quot;As I write this, my darling, you are asleep in my bedroom.
I am so happy, so much in love that i cannot sleep tonight. I am bursting with
excitement for our life together. Oh, luis, I know our future is going to be
filled with such joy, but for some reason I was struck by the need to write this
letter. I want you to know how deeply i love you. I truly believe you are my
soul mate, the only one i'm meant to be with. I had to put this down on paper so
that if anything ever happens to me, you will know exactly how i feel. But
there's something else i want you to know, my love. If you are reading this, it
means that I'm gone. I know it will be hard, but I do not want you to grieve for
long. I want you to move on, to find someone else to share your life with. You
deserve that, luis.&quot;
 Luis: Sorry, sheridan. I can't move on. I'll never forget you for as long as
i live.
 Brian: Do you want anything else before I put this stuff away?

 Sheridan: No, thanks. I couldn't eat another bite.

 Sheridan: Amorcito yo
 jamas te olvidare
 y en mi corazon
 pilar: Siempre te llevare
 nunca amor ira
 este amor que yo tengo para ti
 como puede ser
 que yo te perdi
 brian: Hey, how do you know that song?
 Sheridan: I don't know. Must've heard it on the radio. I don't even know what
it means.
 Brian: It's an old spanish song about losing the one you love. It says that
true love never dies. That even if you move on, the one you once loved stays in
your heart forever.
 Sheridan: Wow. That's beautiful. Wait a minute. How do you know that song? A
sponge can hold germs.
 Singer: You are my passion for life
 sheridan: Brian, how do you know that song? Where have you heard it before?


 Brian: Someone used to sing it to me when I was a kid. No big deal.

 Sheridan: Someone from your family? Ok, ok, I won't ask any more questions.
But one thing I will say -- the song is right.
 Brian: Yeah, about what?
 Sheridan: Even though I may not remember much about my past, I do know that
love never dies. Even if you lose someone you love, they're still in your heart.
Love is always waiting for you, just like your family is waiting for you, brian.


 Brian: Trust me, my family is not waiting for me.

 Sheridan: How do you know that?
 Brian: Because I have been gone quite a while. And I'm sure by now they
forgot about me a long time ago. And besides, it doesn't matter, anyway.
 Sheridan: How can you say that?
 Brian: Easy -- I have everything I need. I have a beautiful ocean, peaceful
island I live on, and good friends. I don't need my family.
 Sheridan: I don't believe you. And one more thing -- I think you're nothing
but a liar.
 Sheridan's voice: &quot;I remember a song your mother once sang. It was an old
song from her country about losing the one you love. She explained it means that
true love never dies, that even if you move on, the one you once loved stays in
your heart forever. I hope you will listen to the message of this song. Remember
that it is ok to move on because i will still be in your heart forever. More
than anything, I want you to find happiness again. Carry these words with you,
my darling, and please know that i love you with all of my heart and soul.&quot;

 Charity: Hey.
 Miguel: Hey.
 Kay: Just when I thought things couldn'get worse.

 Miguel: I hope you're feeling better.
 Charity: I am, especially now that father lonigan's here.

 Miguel: Father lonigan's here? Why?
 Charity: I called him. I wanted him to bless the house. I know it sounds
crazy, but, miguel, i was feeling that there was something coming between us, I
was feeling evil in the house.
 Miguel: Charity, you have nothing to worry about. I remember when you thought
kay was trying to break us up. Well, look. Those two are totally in love. There
is no way kay is going to try to break us up. E's crazy about reese.
 Kay's voice: That spell was supposed to break them up. What could've gone
wrong this time?
 Tabitha: Oh, for hades' sake!
 Timmy: What happened? That book is hotter than &quot;hidden passions.&quot;

 Tabitha: Oh, that maddening man of the cloth has got holy water on the book
of spells. Better be careful not to get any on me. Oh, holy water and witches
don't mix.
 Timmy: That's for sure. If tabby were to get any on her, she'd be as burnt as
the toast she makes.
 Tabitha: Oh, that damn priest is nothing but trouble. There's no way that
kay's spell is going to work now.
 [Tabitha sighs]
 timmy: Timmy has a theory. Every time tabby says that miguel and charity are
done for, goodness saves them. Maybe -- just maybe -- goodness is too powerful
to stop.
 Tabitha: That's the last time i want to hear any of your theories, thank you
very much, einstein. If our friends in the basement hear you talk like that,
it's curtains for us.
 Timmy: What's tabitha going to do?
 Tabitha: I don't know, but I'm not going to let a little holy water get me
down, that's for damn sure. Ah! Ah! Unholy smokes!
 Reese: I knew it! The holy water burned tabitha because she's evil! And now I
finally have proof. Tabitha lenox is a witch!
 Theresa: I mean it, whitney. If you come up with a way to fix this mess, i
will do it. But you'd better hurry up because ethan and chad will be ck soon
with their hot chocolates.
 Whitney: Ok, ok. Just -- just let me think for a second, all right? Maybe --
maybe we could warn julian and he could get out of town, and that way ethan and
luis wouldn't be able to find him.
 Theresa: Do you honestly think if julian knew that I was carrying his child
he'd actually let me keep it? Whitney, julian would take my baby away from me
and raise it to be as mean and ruthless as the rest of the cranes.
 Whitney: You know what, just hold on a second. This is all just your
speculation, you know that? You don't know if any of this is going to happen.


 Theresa: Yes, i do. My entire family would be destroyed. I would lose ethan
and lose my baby. Is that what you want for me?
 Whitney: You know that's not what i want, theresa. But I know -- God, there
has to be some kind of other way to deal with this.
 Theresa: You're right, there is another way.

 Whitney: What? Tell me. What?
 Theresa: I could have an -- an abortion. He homemakerare very busy.

 Reese: It can no longer be denied -- tabitha is a witch! That holy water
burned her, just like in &quot;the exorcist.&quot;
 Timmy's voice: Tabitha better come up with something good!

 Tabitha: You've seen too many horror movies, ross. This is your craziest
accusation yet.
 T.C.: Tabitha's right. I still can't believe you're on this kick, reese.

 Reese: I'm sure about this, coach. Check out the burn marks on her arm. All
my research indicates that witches are burned by holy water!
 Jessica: Well, someone needs to take that computer away from you.

 Reese: Well --
 simone: Dad, what are you doing?
 T.C.: Just as I suspected.
 Reese: I knew it! Your number is finally up, tabitha the terrible!

 T.C.: Tabitha was burned. But it was by turpentine. She must've gotten some
on her and had a bad reaction to it.
 Hank: I think I'm to blame. I was cleaning off my brushes and, you know, when
I was shaking them out, I must've gotten some turpentine on her arm. Sorry about
that, tabitha.
 Tabitha: Oh, not to worry, dear. Nothing a little soap and water can't fix.
But it seems like the paint fumes are getting to your friend ross.
 Sam: I think it's time for you to let this go, reese.

 Reese: But chief bennett --
 sam: No buts. And I think you owe tabitha an apology.

 Reese: Ow!
 Sam: Now.
 Reese: Sorry, tabitha.
 Eve: Let me have a look at that, tabitha. Oh, I don't think soap and water's
going to do the trick. Your skin is starting to blister. Why don't you come into
the kitchen with me, i'll take care of it for you.
 Tabitha: Oh, that's very kind of you, dr. Russell.

 Simone: Reese is like a broken record.
 Jessica: Huh, tell me about it. But you know what? All this talk about evil
just freaked me out. I'm really glad that father lonigan's here.
 Simone: Hmm, after everything we've seen in this house, I couldn't agree with
you more.
 Kay: I don't know why my last spell didn't work, but i'm not about to give up
now.
 Luis: Sheridan wants me to move on, just find someone else.

 Pilar: Luis, I know it seems impossible right now, but there will come a time
when you will be able to do it. Think of the gift sheridan has given you. She
has given you her blessing to move on with your life.
 Luis: How? You know, how am i supposed to just move on? I'll never get over
losing her.
 Pilar: You will never fully get over sheridan, luis. But with faith and God's
help, you'll learn to carry on.
 Luis: You never carried on after papa. You never found anyone else.

 Pilar: That's different, mijo. I had a full life with your father. I already
had children, a family. Besides, sheridan is gone and she's never coming back.
But I still believe in my heart that your father is still alive and that one day
he and your brother antonio will return to us.
 Brian: What did you just say?
 Sheridan: You heard me loud and clear. I said you're a liar.

 Brian: I don't understand.
 Sheridan: Well, you act like you don't care, but you are such an incredibly
kind and caring person. My God, you've saved my life twice and you've helped me
out so much.
 Brian: It's nothing.
 Sheridan: I can see through this wall you've put up. And most of all I can
see that you still love your family. You even said you think about them every
day, so why don't you just call them?
 Brian: Because I can'T. I've been gone way too long. If i tried to get back
in touch with them, all it's going to do is upset them.
 Sheridan: Don't you think that's a risk worth taking? You know what, brian,
you're lucky. You can call your family if you want to. But it doesn't matter if
i want to or not. I can't just call my family. I don't even know if i have a
family.
 Brian: I'm sorry.
 Sheridan: Look, don't be sorry. Just learn from it. Whatever the reason is
that you left your family doesn't matter anymore. All that matters is reuniting
with them.
 Brian: Wish it were that easy.
 Sheridan: It is. It doesn't matter how much time has passed. They're still
your family. They still love you. Brian, you have to call them. Lways
likednatural things.
 David: I gather you decided not to tell sam about our kiss.

 Grace: I realized there wasn't any point. I mean, the kiss didn't mean
anything and it would just hurt sam.
 David: Are you sure it didn't mean anything?

 Grace: Well, of course. Look, I thought I was kissing sam. It was a mistake.


 David: Oh, was it? Tell me, how could you not know that you weren't kissing
sam, I mean, the man you claim to love so much? You're running from the truth,
grace. You kissed me because -- because you love me.
 Tabitha: Thanks for taking such good care of me, dr. Russell.

 Eve: Now, it may take a little while to heal, but you'll be fine. You know,
it's funny, I have never seen turpentine leave such deep burns.
 Tabitha: Oh.
 Tabitha: Wasn't the turpentine that burned my arm. It was the holy water.
Thank hades I got turpentine on my arm earlier.
 Timmy: That was a close one. Reese is after you.

 Tabitha: Yes. Don't worry, dollface, I'll get that no-good nerd first.

 Miguel: There's nothing for you to worry about now. Father lonigan blessed
the house and you saw kay and reese. I mean, there's no way kay is going to come
between us.
 Charity: I guess you're right.
 Miguel: I know i am. And everything's only going to get better. You're going
to be 18 soon. And your aunt and uncle told us that we can get married once you
turn 18.
 Charity: I can hardly wait.
 Miguel: Our love's only going to get stronger, charity. Nothing's ever going
to break us apart.
 Father lonigan: Kay? How are you, my child?

 Kay: Oh, I'm fine, father.
 Father lonigan: You must be relieved to have your soul back. I'm sure you
went through a great deal. But I believe you learned your lesson.
 Kay: Yes, father. I know what it's like not to have something you want.

 Father lonigan: Charity's worried that evil is trying to find its way into
this house. But I know you would never turn to evil again.
 Kay: Don't worry, father lonigan. Those days are definitely behind me.

 Whitney: An abortion? Theresa, you're not serious?

 Theresa: Well, you know, it's the option that we haven't discussed, and it
would solve everything. Ethan would never know that i was pregnant with julian's
child. He would never even have to know that -- that we slept together. This
whole mess would finally be over.
 Luis: I know. I know that I have to accept that sheridan is gone. But I don't
think I'll ever share a life with anyone else.
 Pilar: Your wounds are still fresh, mijo, but time will heal the wounds.

 Luis: I don't know. My love for sheridan was so strong. Just like your love
for papa. You never moved on.
 Pilar: I told you, that's different, mijo. There is still hope that your
father and antonio will co home to us.
 Luis: Well, I don't believe that. You know, papa disappeared. And antonio, he
just left us. We're never going to hear from him again.
 [Phone rings]
 pilar: Hello? Hello? Hello?














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site





















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Thursday 12/13/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">



&nbsp;



 &nbsp;

Passions
 Transcript Thursday 12/13/01
 by Suzanne
 Jessica: You know, I really feel better about moving into our new house now
that father lonigan has blessed it.
 Simone: Hmm, well, you know what? There's no evil that's going to come into
this house again, ok?
 Reese: Yeah, and if there is an evil, i know who brought it in. There's
something going on with that old lady and her doll, something demonic.
 Tabitha: Oh, that ross! He's like a dog with a bone. He won't give up on the
idea that i'm a witch. He's got to be thrown off track, derailed!
 Timmy: Reese isn't going to give it up until he gets proof that you're a
witch.
 Tabitha: Hmm. He almost got his proof when i was hit with that holy water.


 Miguel: How are you feeling, charity? Better?

 Charity: Much better. Now that father lonigan blessed the house, i'm hoping
that my premonitions just go away.
 Miguel: I'm sure they will.
 Charity: You have been so supportive through all of this, telling me that our
love is just going to grow stronger.
 Miguel: It will. You'll see. And I don't want you worrying about kay coming
between us because it could never happen. Kay's a good person.
 Kay: You don't have to worry, father lonigan. I won't ever turn to evil
again.
 Father lonigan: I'm happy to hear that, kay.

 Kay: Well, I just realized that i have to accept whatever fate has in store
for miguel and charity.
 Father lonigan: To come between a love like theirs would be virtually
impossible.
 Kay: Could evil even do it?
 Father lonigan: Split them? Yes. But only a very great evil.

 Ethan: I think this hot chocolate will warm up the girls. Chad?

 Chad: Huh?
 Ethan: What are you thinking about?
 Chad: Oh, nothing.
 Ethan: You're thinking about julian and theresa, aren't you?

 Chad: What?
 Ethan: Yeah, what we were talking about earlier, you know, theresa getting
drunk on her wedding night, so julian went out and found another girl. The guy's
a pig.
 Chad: Yeah, well, you got that right.
 Ethan: Yeah. It's just a good thing theresa went back to her room and we got
to bermuda when we did. There's no telling what julian might have done to her.


 Chad: Could you have ever gotten past it if julian and theresa --

 ethan: Had consummated their marriage? I couldn't even imagine that, that the
man i grew up believing to be my father slept with the woman i love? It'd tear
me apart. But, you know, theresa told me the truth about that night. Nothing
happened. So i'm not scared there are any more skeletons going to come out.

 Whitney: Theresa, you don't realize what you're saying. An abortion? Honey --


 theresa: I just don't see how i have any other choice. I'm pregnant with
julian's baby. If ethan ever found out that i lied, I'd lose the man that i want
to spend the rest of my life with, the man that i love more than anything in
this world.
 Whitney: But you can't be serious about this. Honey, you can't.

 Luis: I know that I have to accept that sheridan is gone. But I don't think
I'll ever share a life with anyone else.
 Pilar: Your wounds are so fresh, mijo. But time will heal the wounds.

 Luis: I don't know. My love for sheridan was so strong. It's like your love
for papa. You never moved on.
 Pilar: I told you that's different, mijo. There's still hope that your father
and antonio will come home to us.
 Luis: Well, I don't believe that. You know papa disappeared. But antonio, he
just left us. We're never going to hear from him again.
 [Phone rings]
 pilar: Hello.
 Brian: Mama, is that you?
&nbsp;
 [Captioning made possible by the national broadcasting company]

&nbsp;
 Kay: Believe me, father, I've learned my lesson. I will never be bad again.


 Father lonigan: I'm proud of you, kay. Stay strong. Don't give in to
temptation.
 Kay: Never.
 Father lonigan: I hope you won't ever have to go through what you did before.


 Kay: Don't worry. I won't sell my soul again. That was a big mistake, one
that i will not repeat. Charity has nothing to worry about.
 Father lonigan: Bless you, my child.
 Tabitha: Uh-oh. I'm getting a very strong impression that something's off. I
-- I think kay's having second thoughts.
 Timmy: Why?
 Tabitha: The priest. He's blessing this house and her. He must have got to
her. Oh, we must get kay to cast another spell, timmy, fast.
 Miguel: Here's the deal -- we are going to forget all about evil, push it
totally out of our heads. Christmas is coming up and we are going to do nothing
but celebrate and have fun. Ok?
 Tabitha: We can't just let her stand there like a potted plant. We've got to
use her jealousy of charity. We've got to get her to use the book of spells
again, timmy.
 Whitney: You can't have an abortion. It's against everything that you believe
in, theresa.
 Theresa: You're right. I mean, how could I ever go through with it? My
family, my faith says it's wrong, but what are my choices, whitney? There's no
way i can tell ethan that i'm pregnant with julian's baby.
 Whitney: Well, you can't pass the baby off as ethan's, either. That's wrong,
too.
 Theresa: There has to be a way out of this. A new life is growing inside me.
I don't want to end it. But thinking about having this baby could destroy my
life, cost me the man I love? I'm just not sure, about anything.
 Whitney: Come on, it's ok. It's all right. We'll think of something.

 Chad: Hey. Hot stuff. Come and get it.
 Ethan: Everything ok here? Are we interrupting something?

 Whitney: Um -- just girl talk, you know.
 Theresa: Yeah.
 Ethan: Ok.
 Whitney: Thanks.
 Theresa: Ooh, hot chocolate. That sounds so good!

 Ethan: Well, there is something wrong.
 Theresa: It's just -- it's cold out here.
 Ethan: Are you sure? Are you -- you're afraid you're getting fat?

 Theresa: Honey, what are you talking about?

 Ethan: Well -- you -- i just notice you've been looking in the mirror lately
and -- look, not to worry, you know. I gain a couple of pounds when the holidays
roll around.
 Theresa: That's -- that's right.
 Ethan: Yeah. Look, just for the record, I think you have a beautiful figure.
And you're perfect just the way are. But I just don't want you getting all
serious on me tonight, all right? This is a celebration. Now, your marriage to
julian is annulled, so now we're free to get married. And, look, if anything's
bothering you, all right, anything at all, i want you, as an early christmas
present from me, to just get rid of it.
 Theresa: Get rid of it?
 Ethan: Yeah. You know, just put it out of your mind. Look, I don't want
anything worrying you, anything, you know, whether it's gaining a few pounds,
whatever it is. Just get rid of any problem.
 Theresa: Do you really mean it?
 Ethan: Absolutely.
 Theresa: Oh, you've helped me understand what I have to do.

 Luis: Bye, mama.
 Pilar: Luis, please, don't leave.
 Luis: All right. Who's on the phone?
 Pilar: I don't know. Whoever it is can wait. Right now all I care about is my
son. Please stay and we'll talk. I'll be off the phone in a minute.
 Luis: Mama, talk to whoever it is, all right? It could be important. Besides,
i just want to be alone right now.
 Pilar: Hold on, please.
 Brian: My mother's on the line, but i don't think she's heard anything i
said. Something's got her tied up.
 Pilar: It's more than sheridan that has you feeling this way tonight, luis.
It was our speaking about antonio. And you must try to forgive your brother.
Look, if you continue to hold this grudge, it will just eat away at you, luis.
Do not do this to yourself.
 Luis: Mama, you know how i feel about this, all right? Nothing you say is
going to change my mind. Antonio walked out on all of us, and I'll be damned if
I let him get away with that.
 Sheridan: What's going on?
 Brian: Nothing.
 Sheridan: Your mother didn't come back on the line?

 Brian: You know, this is probably not a good time. Maybe this wasn't such a
good idea.
 tabitha: Kay?
 Kay: You startled me. Sorry.
 Tabitha: Oh, dear. I'm sorry, but you look so discouraged about something.


 Kay: It's just that where love is concerned, i keep coming off as a big
loser.
 Tabitha: Oh, my dear, you mustn't think that way! I've lost numerous lovers
in my life, and I never thought of myself as a loser, and you shouldn't, either.


 Kay: Father lonigan says that i should stay good. But I don't know how i'm
supposed to get the boy that i love back if i'm not bad.
 Tabitha: We've had this discussion before, haven't we? And my advice to you
is still the same -- do whatever you have to do win the one you love. Worry
about being bad later. You can always go to confession or, you know, cleansing
of the soul.
 Kay: So what you're saying is if i'm bad for a good reason, it's really not
like being bad?
 Tabitha: Well, it's what you feel inside, isn't it? I hope i've given you a
little insight, dear.
 Timmy: That was some pep talk, princess. But will it push kay into casting
another spell?
 Tabitha: Hmm, well, we'll just have to wait and see, lad.

 Ethan: So, you guys ready to hit the ice?
 Chad: Well, I'm with you, man.
 Ethan: Hmm?
 Chad: Hey, ladies?
 Whitney: We'll catch up to you guys in a minute, ok?

 Theresa: After we finish our hot chocolates.

 Whitney: Mmm!
 Theresa: Thank you.
 Ethan: Don't take too long, all right? All right, let's go.

 Whitney: I know what you're thinking, theresa. And don't you dare try to
misinterpret what ethan said as a solution to your problem. He doesn't know
you're pregnant.
 Theresa: But I know what he means, whitney. He wants me to be free of my
worries, free of my troubles.
 Whitney: That doesn't mean for you to go --

 theresa: Whitney, he made me realize that there is still one option open to
me.
 Whitney: Not that one.
 Theresa: Well, have you come up with another alternative?

 Whitney: No, theresa, I haven't, but that doesn't mean for you to just run --


 theresa: I agree. Whitney, look at me. It's not like I want to do this. But
time is running out.
 Sheridan: Think about it, brian. If your family thought that you were lost or
dead, think about the joy that it would give them to reconnect with you. I mean,
if only --
 brian: If only what?
 Sheridan: If only I knew that there was someone out there waiting for me,
someone that would be happy to hear from me. Maybe I'll never know. But, brian,
you can't hang up that phone. That would be the worst thing you could do.
 Brian: I know my mother would be happy, and I'm hoping that my younger
sisters and brother would be, too, but i don't know about my other brother.

 Sheridan: What man wouldn't be thrilled to have his brother home? Please,
brian, you can't hang up that phone. This is the right thing.
 Pilar: Hello?
 Brian: Mama?
 Pilar: Miguel?
 Brian: No, mama. It's me. Antonio.
 Pilar: It can't be.
 Brian: Mama? Mama, are you there? Mama?
 Luis: Mama! Mama, what happened? Hey, mama?

 Pilar: Antonio.
 Luis: What?
 Pilar: It's antonio.
 Luis: Mama, what are you talking about?
 Pilar: I heard his voice.
 Luis: No, mama, that's impossible. You just think you did because we were
just talking about him.
 Pilar: No.
 Luis: Yes. It was all in your mind, ok? Looks like you hit your head. I mean,
you'll have a little bump there in the morning, but I don't think it's serious.


 Sheridan: What is it, brian?
 Pilar: Antonio's here. He spoke to me!
 Luis: What, here in this house? He better not be, that bastard. He isn't
welcome here. I don't ever want to see him again. Don't move, all right? I'll be
right back.
 Pilar: Where's the phone? The phone? Antonio? Antonio?

 Theresa: If only ethan were the father of the baby, everything would be
perfect.
 Ethan: Theresa, hey, what's wrong? You crying?

 Theresa: Oh, no. It's just cold.
 Whitney: It's so cold.
 Ethan: Well, hey, let's get out of here, get you someplace warm.

 Theresa: Ok.
 Chad: You know, something tells me that those tears weren't from the cold.
Honey, what's going on?
 Whitney: What do you mean?
 Chad: What's the deal? What's going on? Is there anything I can do to help?


 Whitney: There's nothing anyone can do.
 Simone: Whoo! Whoo!
 Reese: Awesome night, isn't it? Look at all those stars. I smell romance in
the air.
 Jessica: Well, I think that you smell chestnuts, so let's go get some. Come
on.
 Kay: Shut up. Why can't miguel just see that it's him i want to be with, not
reese?
 Simone: It's too late for that now. Shoot, i heard you fogged up reese's
glasses earlier.
 Kay: Ok, well, that kiss was meant for miguel.

 Simone: Face it, kay. All you're doing is setting yourself up for failure.
Charity and miguel are meant to be together. There is nothing that's going to
tear them apart. Come on. Whoo!
 Kay: I will look through every page of this book until i find a spell that's
going to stop you in your tracks, cousin dear. As long as i'm alone --
 jessica: Here's the thing -- they're all out of chestnuts.

 Simone: Whoo! Right behind you, right behind you, right behind you -- ah!

 Jessica: What do you guys think that we play hide-and-go-seek?

 Simone: Heck, yeah!
 Reese: Yeah!
 Jessica: Ok.
 Miguel: Not it.
 Reese: Not it.
 Simone: Not it.
 Kay: Not it.
 Jessica: How about -- any volunteers?
 Charity: Huh? Fine. Fine. I'm going to do it.

 Jessica: Fine. Count to 50, and count slowly, ok?

 Miguel: Yeah. Slowly.
 Simone: Oop! Come on.
 Whoo!
 Kay: This is it. My perfect opportunity.
 Timmy: Timmy still thinks his princess might be a little old to be wearing
that getup?
 Tabitha: Oh. If it's good enough for sonja henie, it's good enough for me.


 Timmy: Who's sonja henie?
 Tabitha: Never mind. Fashion always comes full circle, timmy, and i am
eternally young at heart. Now, come on. We better keep an eye open for that
klutz kay, see if she can manage to conjure up a proper spell this time.
 Timmy: Look at them, princess. They're so happy having fun. Timmy wishes he
could have a normal life, go to school, have other kids as friends. It's not
that timmy's saying anything against his princess. It's just to only have her to
talk to.
 Tabitha: You mean you're getting tired of my scintillating conversation?

 Timmy: It's just that timmy doesn't have the widest circle of friends --
fluffy the demon cat, the dark forces in the basement. It's not exactly the
group timmy wants to hang out with at the mall.
 Tabitha: Always wanting what you can't have. You don't know how good you've
got it -- a roof over your head, three squares, an endless supply of martimmys.
Now, you just sit here and don't draw attention to yourself. I'm going to rent
some skates. We don't want that ross getting any more suspicious than he is
already, do we?
 Timmy: Don't worry, princess. What could go wrong? Everything. If only timmy
knew what it felt like to be a kid, to grow up.
 Kay: A blank page. That's what that other spell was. It was on a blank page.
Maybe that's what this is, too. All right, i just have to find a way to make it
appear.
 Kay: All right. Well, there's got to be a way to ask for help, then. All
right, well, endora used to make up spells all the time. If it works for her,
it'll work for me. Ok. Shooting stars and moonbeams, show me the way. Give me a
sign and don't delay.
 Ethan: Good to be out of the cold, huh?
 Chad: Oh, yeah. We got some apple cider here that'll warm you all right up.


 Ethan: All right.
 Whitney: Hey. Look, lynn is back. You know what? She's always in a good mood,
having fun. Let's talk to her for a little while and maybe she can take your
mind off the baby, ok?
 Theresa: Ok.
 Whitney: Hey, lynn! Hi.
 Lynn: Hey, guys.
 Whitney: Hi. How you doing?
 Lynn: I was going to call you next week.
 Whitney: How have you been? Oh, my gosh, how's boston? Is it as great a
college town that we heard it was?
 Theresa: What's wrong? Isn't college working out?

 Lynn: This isn't working out. I'm pregnant. I just found out.

 Theresa: You are?
 Whitney: Oh, honey.
 Theresa: Well, we always thought that you and gavin were perfect for each
other.
 Whitney: So, when did you guys get married?

 Lynn: Gavin and I weren't expecting to have kids until after college. So we
never got married. What happened was that one night we had unprotected sex. It
was just that one time.
 Whitney: Oh.
 Theresa: It just takes that one time.
 Lynn: When we found out I was pregnant, gavin wanted me to have an abortion.
What is it? Theresa, have you had an abortion?
 Ethan: What's this about an abortion?
 [Timmy gulps]
 timmy: Oh. Princess? Where are you?
 Father lonigan: &quot;Princess.&quot; I sense a sadness here, a broken heart.

 Timmy: Oh, no heart. Just an empty shell.
 Father lonigan: That's not true. I recognize your voice. You're the creature
who helped rescue miguel, charity, and kay from the demons. So i know there is
goodness within you.
 Timmy: For real?
 Father lonigan: Is your princess still conjuring up evil, doing the dark
side's bidding?
 [Timmy gulps]
 timmy: Timmy's been trying to change that, but it hasn't been easy.

 Father lonigan: Of course not. Working against evil never is. But perhaps I
could help you.
 Timmy: How?
 Father lonigan: By doing you a favor. Isn't there some dream you'd like to
come true?
 Timmy: A dream. Being a real kid, having a normal life, growing up. Oh, that
would be nice, but it's impossible.
 Father lonigan: Nothing is impossible if you believe in yourself.

 Timmy: Really?
 Tabitha: Uh-oh.
 Father lonigan: I want you to come to church with me.

 Timmy: Church?
 Father lonigan: It's not far.
 Timmy: Further than you think, father. Princess wouldn't be happy with the
idea.
 Father lonigan: Church is not an idea. It's God's house.

 Timmy: Oh, no. Timmy just thinks it's a better idea if you move along before
anything evil happens.
 Father lonigan: Well, I don't want you to get hurt, so i'll go. Just know
that the church is always open to you.
 Timmy: Thank you, father. That's nice to know.

 Tabitha: Well, what was that all about? Was the good father trying to convert
you?
 Timmy: He just wanted to do something nice for timmy. He remembered how timmy
helped save the kids from hell.
 Tabitha: Oh, don't you even mention that episode. If it weren't for you, we
wouldn't be in this fix. Have you seen kay?
 Timmy: No.
 Tabitha: Oh, I suppose you were too engrossed in your conversation with the
padre to remember to look for her. Here, put these on.
 Timmy: But, no, timmy doesn't skate well.
 Tabitha: When you find something that you are good at, remember to tell me,
will you?
 Oh. Oh, I'm getting a feeling that kay's starting another spell.

 Kay: It's still blank. Why isn't anything happening? I've got to find the
right spell to break up miguel and charity.
 Book: Do you really want to go through with it? Because there's no turning
back once you activate the spell.
 Kay: There's too much at stake. Let's do it.

 Book: Very well. Be extremely careful. Read the spell and be prepared.

 Ethan: Did I hear right? Abortion?
 Theresa: Honey, this is lynn, a friend of ours from high school, and she just
came from boston, and she's found out that she's pregnant.
 Lynn: My boyfriend wanted me to get rid of the baby. But what he asked me --
I couldn't go through with it.
 Ethan: Well, I can't believe your boyfriend asked you to do that. It's just
-- it's awful. I would never do something like that to theresa. I'd take full
responsibility for the baby, take care of it no matter what.
 Whitney: No, I couldn't agree more, ethan. I mean, life is precious, no
matter what the circumstances.
 Ethan: You know, good luck, lynn. I think you're doing the right thing.

 Chad: Hey.
 Whitney: Oh. Thanks.
 Theresa: So, where's gavin now? Is he in boston?

 Lynn: I don't know. When i told him I wouldn't do what he wanted, he took
off. I haven't seen or heard from him since. I've lost him for good.
 Whitney: Oh, honey.
 Lynn: That one time, getting pregnant? It's ruined my life.

 Whitney: Honey, it's all right. It's ok.
 Pilar: Antonio? Antonio?
 Luis: Shh, shh. Mama, forget it, all right? Forget antonio. He's not coming
home. He never will. Mama, how many years have we waited for antonio to come
home at christmas? How many years have we sat around the thanksgiving table just
waiting for a call? It's not worth the pain. It's not worth the hurt that he's
caused his family.
 Sheridan: I thought you said your mother was there.

 Brian: She is. My brother's there, too. It's hard for me to talk to them
right now. I caused them a lot of pain, diana.
 Pilar: No, luis, your brother's come back to us.

 Luis: No.
 Pilar: Antonio's on the phone. Find me the phone!

 Miguel: I wonder why charity hasn't started the game yet. What's taking her
so long?
 Jessica: Shh!
 Simone: I wonder where reese is. Probably with kay. From what I heard, ooh,
she really fogged up his glasses with that kiss earlier today.
 Jessica: Whatever.
 Simone: Hmm! Did I strike a nerve? Oh -- wait, wait, wait. Are you looking to
hook up with reese?
 Jessica: Me and reese?
 Simone: Uh-huh.
 Jessica: Get out. No, no. No.
 Simone: Mm-hmm. Well, for what it's worth, I think reese will be available
real soon.
 Jessica: Oh, don't tell me. My sister's right back to going after miguel.

 Simone: Yeah, but I don't know how she's going to pull it off unless she uses
some type of magic or something.
 Jessica: Yeah, right. She's going to use magic. Yeah.

 Simone: Ok, shh.
 Tabitha: Well, where could kay have gone to?

 Timmy: And the other kids. It's like they've all just disappeared.

 Tabitha: Oh.
 Reese: What are those two up to?
 Tabitha: Oh, yes. Kay is definitely stirring up trouble. And this spell is
going to be a doozy.
 Tabitha: Come on, timmy. Let's go!
 Kay: &quot;Bad cousin, good cousin, naughty and nice, let the former prevail, let
the latter turn to ice.&quot; Oh, wow.
 Tabitha: Oh, timmy.
 Kay: &quot;Bad cousin, good cousin, naughty and nice, let the former prevail, let
the latter turn to ice.&quot;
 Charity: 23, 22, 21 --
 ooh! I better hurry. My feet are so cold.
 Ooh! Uh -- 19, 18 --
 ooh -- 17, 16, 15, 14, 13 --
 ooh -- 12, 11, 10 --
 Whitney: Lynn, this baby is going to make your life better. It's going to be
richer. No way is this going to ruin your life.
 Lynn: I should have done what gavin wanted. If i had, he'd still be with me.


 Theresa: Yes, operator. I'd like the number for the Harmony women's clinic,
please.
 Whitney: No.
 Luis: Antonio's on the phone? He wants to talk to me?

 Pilar: What?
 Luis: He's about to get an earful.
 Sheridan: Hello? Are you there?
 Pilar: It's antonio?
 Luis: A ghost. I heard a ghost.
 Pilar: Yes -- antonio.
 Luis: No. Sheridan.
 Father lonigan: I again tried to bring the creature who helped us in the past
over to the side of love and goodness. And I want to help him. Perhaps there is
something we could give him which would show him that goodness will always
prevail.
 Reese: Well, that was fun.
 Simone: Whoa!
 Reese: Sitting there freezing my you-know-what.

 Jessica: No. What?
 Miguel: Hey, i'm starting to get worried, you guys. I mean, why hasn't
charity come looking for us? And where's kay? Has anyone seen her?
 Kay: &quot;Bad cousin, good cousin, naughty and nice, let the former prevail, let
the latter turn to ice.&quot; &quot;Bad cousin, good cousin, naughty and nice.&quot;

 Tabitha: She's given herself over to the dark side, timmy. This spell that
she's casting to break up charity and miguel is turning out to be so powerful
that no one will be able to escape it.
 Timmy: Does princess mean that kay's won this time? Timmy doesn't think so.
Kay looks like the one that's going to die. She's bleeding to death!
 Tabitha: No, no, timmy. It's not kay's blood. It's the demon's blood. They're
strengthening her confidence in casting the spell. I'll wager that charity's the
one who's close to death now.
 Charity: Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.

 [Charity gasps]
 &gt;&gt; on th next -- nora: I want you to stay away from lindsay rappaport.

 Sam: Can't you see what troy is really up to?

 Antonio: Where were we?
 Keri: Why don't you refresh my memory?
 Jessica: All those trust funds that they set up for me are now natalie'S.

 Cristian: Can I have a minute with al alone?

















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Friday 12/14/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Friday 12/14/01
  By Suzanne Lanoue
&nbsp;

 Luis: Antonio is on the phone, and he wants to
talk to me? He's about to get an earful.
 Sheridan: Hello? Is anyone there?
 Pilar: It's antonio?
 Luis: A ghost. I -- i heard a ghost.
 Pilar: Yes. Antonio.
 Luis: No. Sheridan.
 Pilar: You mean you heard your brother's voice
on the phone -- antonio?
 Sheridan: Hello? Is anyone there?
 Brian: What's going on?
 Sheridan: Nothing. I don't think anyone's there.

 Brian: I knew it. I knew i shouldn't have called
home.
 Luis: Sheridan.
 Ethan: What kind of guy dumps his girlfriend
when she gets pregnant before they're ready?
 Chad: I don't know. Type of guy who probably
wasn't worth being with in the first place.
 Ethan: Tell that to theresa and whitney's
friend. She looks like she's at the end of her rope.
 Chad: She'll be ok, man. Whitney will talk some
sense into her.
 Ethan: Yeah, I hope so. It would be a shame if
she goes ahead with the abortion when she doesn't want to get one.
 Chad: Yeah, because that would be pretty tough
to put behind you.
 Ethan: You know -- you know, I realize there's
two sides to this issue, but for me personally, I can't see ending a pregnancy
just because the timing is inconvenient. I'm just lucky theresa and I feel the
same way so that we don't end up in the same boat as that poor girl over there.

 Theresa: Yes, operator, I've got the number.

 Theresa: Oh, what am I going to do?
 Kay: &quot;Bad cousin, good cousin, naughty and nice,
let the former prevail, let the latter turn to ice. Bad cousin, good cousin,
naughty and nice --&quot;
 tabitha: She's giving herself over to the dark
side, timmy. The spell that she's casting to break up charity and miguel is
turning out to be so powerful that no one will be able to escape it.
 Timmy: Does princess mean that kay's won this
time? Timmy don't think so. Kay looks like the one that's going to die. She's
bleeding to death.
 Tabitha: No, no, timmy. It's not kay's blood,
it's the demons' blood. They're strengthening her confidence in casting the
spell. I'll wager that charity's the one who's close to death now.
 Kay: &quot;Bad cousin, good cousin, naughty and nice,
let the former prevail, let the latter turn to ice! Bad cousin, good cousin,
naughty and nice --&quot;
 timmy: Princess!
 Tabitha: Hush! I don't want to miss a single
rivulet of blood.
 Kay: &quot;Naughty and nice&quot; -- oh. &quot;Bad cousin, good
cousin, naughty and nice --&quot;
 tabitha: Oh, what a prize my kay has turned out
to be. I -- i couldn't have cast a more diabolical spell myself at the height of
my wicked powers. Oh, charity is doomed, as is her love life with miguel. Talk
about a hot romance gone cold.
 Charity: Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four,
three, two, one.
 [Charity gasps]
 [captioning made possible by the national
broadcasting company]
 kay: What happened? Must have been one hell of a
spell.
 Kay: Oh, my God! That's from me? I was bleeding?
I can't let anybody see me like this. Oh.
 Kay: Got to go see what happened and if the
spell worked and got rid of charity like it was supposed to.
 Timmy: Did it work, princess? Did kay's spell
finally break up charity and miguel for good?
 Tabitha: Well, there's only one way to find out,
timmy. We'll have to follow kay, see what havoc she and the book of spells have
wreaked. Come on.
 Pilar: Give me the phone, luis. I want to speak
to antonio.
 Luis: It is not antonio, mama, it is sheridan!
She's alive!
 Pilar: Mijo, no! It's been a long time, but I
know the sound of my own son's voice! Let me have the phone!
 Luis: No, you just want it to be antonio because
we were just talking about him a few minutes ago.
 Pilar: Luis, you want to hear sheridan's voice
so badly, you think that it's she. It's imposible, luis. She is dead.

 Sheridan: Don't you dare take it back now, brian.
It was the right thing for you to call home.
 Brian: But you didn't hear what my brother said
about me.
 Sheridan: What's the difference? The important
thing is that you tell your mother that you're all right and that you still love
her. The rest will take care of itself.
 Brian: Easier said than done.
 Sheridan: Look, don't walk away from the
opportunity of reconnecting with your family. Do you know what i would give to
be able to talk to someone who loved me? Anything in the world. Please, don't
throw this opportunity away.
 Brian: It's different for you, diana. I'm sure
whoever your family is that they loved you and they still do. My family hates
me, and they have good reason. Look, I should have never let you talk me into
calling them. Just hang the phone up.
 Luis: You were confused, mama. You hit your head
when you fainted.
 Pilar: I fainted because I heard antonio's
voice.
 Luis: Well, you couldn't have because it is
sheridan. I know it is!
 Pilar: Then speak to her. If she's there, go on,
son, talk to her.
 Brian: Do as I say and hang the phone up -- now.

 Whitney: I wish i knew what to say to make it
all better.
 Lynn: I just don't know how things got so messed
up. If you would have told me a couple of months ago that I'd be alone and
pregnant, i would have never believed you. God, gavin and i were so happy. We
had so many plans for the future, and now I don't know what I'm going to do. I
just wish I could turn back the clock and be as full of hopes and dreams as
theresa is with ethan. Well, I'm glad things are working out for somebody.

 Whitney: Things aren't always what they seem.

 Theresa: Tell me this isn't happening.

 Eve: I'm so sorry, honey.
 Theresa: God, i'm pregnant with julian crane's
baby! I can't tell ethan the truth. I can'T. This is the only way.
 Ethan: Listen, I know it's none of my business,
but it seems to me this guy you were going to marry isn't worth all that much if
he insisted you get rid of your baby.
 Chad: Did you ever think that maybe you're
better off without him?
 Lynn: Don't hate gavin. You know, he's just not
ready to be a father. This is first year of med school, and he has a long way to
go after that.
 Chad: Look, I ain't trying to trash your guy or
nothing, but, i mean, we are talking about a baby that you and him made
together.
 Lynn: That's what I told him, but he gave me an
ultimatum -- either my future with him or this baby i'm carrying.
 Whitney: My God. Theresa, you can't do this.

 Reese: I know what charity's game is. She's
turned the tables on us. She knew that if she disappeared, she'd smoke us all
out in the open and then she could tag us all at once. Kay's the only smart one.
She went off by herself. That way charity wouldn't find her.
 Miguel: Reese is probably right. Look, I think
we should take kay's lead and split up.
 Jessica: Ok, cool.
 Miguel: All right, see you later.
 Tabitha: I'm almost as anxious as kay is to see
if her bloody spell did the trick. Oh.
 Timmy: Watch it, princess!
 Tabitha: Oh. Kay's seen something up ahead, and
it must be pretty juicy. Her eyes are almost bulging out of her head. Come on,
lad.
 Kay: Oh, my God.
 Kay: The spell must have worked.
 Tabitha: It is a bit chilly out. Methinks
charity should have dressed more warmly for this evening.
 Timmy: Don't mock timmy's charity. Is she still
alive?
 Tabitha: Just frozen stiff, lad. No doubt she'll
emerge as fresh as a daisy when all the ice melts. Let's just hope the big thaw
waits until kay has all the time she needs to make miguel fall in love with her.
Lovely spell, lad. I must remember it for the future.
 Miguel: Kay?
 [Tabitha gasps]
 miguel: Is that you?
 Tabitha: Oh, no. That's miguel. If he sees
charity in that ice block, then he'll free her immediately and all kay's fine
work will be for naught.
 Pilar: Go on. Go on, son. If it is sheridan, you
must have lots to say to her.
 Brian: Do as I say, diana. Hang up the phone.

 Sheridan: No. I won'T.
 Brian: It's my family.
 Sheridan: Which is why you should talk to them.
Look, no matter how bad you think things are, I'm sure they want to talk to you,
I'm sure they want you home.
 Brian: You know what? You're wrong about that.

 Sheridan: Well, you know what? If you won't talk
to them, then i will.
 Pilar: Go on, mijo. Unless you're afraid you
imagined sheridan's voice.
 Luis: No, I -- sheridan, it's -- it's me. It's
luis. I love you. N't concentrate.
 luis: Sheridan, where are you? Because I will
come get you wherever it is. Sheridan? Sheridan, say something.
 Pilar: She's not there, is she?
 Luis: Hello? Hello!
 Pilar: Son?
 Luis: The line went dead.
 Sheridan: Brian, give it back.
 Brian: It's too late. I already disconnected it.

 Sheridan: Why? You know you wanted to talk to
your family.
 Brian: Yeah? So what when they don't want to
talk to me?
 Sheridan: Look, whatever you heard your brother
saying, I'm sure he didn't mean it.
 Brian: Oh, he meant it, all right. Look, diana,
no offense, this is my life, so why don't you back off, ok?
 Luis: Damn it! Damn it! Damn it.
 Tabitha: Rats! I'm too far away to stop miguel.
If someone doesn't stall him, he'll see charity in that block of ice and then
kay will never be able to steal him away for herself.
 Kay: Hey, miguel.
 Miguel: Hey, what are you doing here? Where have
you been?
 Kay: Trying to hide from charity. You haven't
seen her, have you?
 Miguel: No, I'm trying to hide from her, too.
You know, if we stay out here in the open like this, she's going to catch us for
sure.
 Kay: You're right. Let's go find a hiding place.
Come on, let's go.
 Miguel: I'm coming. I was just thinking, though,
that, like, this is the first time since i've met charity that i haven't wanted
to see her.
 Kay: Oh, that's sweet.
 Miguel: I know everyone thinks our
relationship's pretty sappy, but i can't help it. I love her, you know, and if
anything happened to her, I don't know what I'd do. I think it would kill me.

 Theresa: What are you doing, whitney? This is
hard enough.
 Whitney: I am not going to let you do something
that i know you're going to regret. Honey, your whole life you've dreamt about
having a baby.
 Theresa: Ethan's baby, not julian's. Give me the
phone.
 Whitney: No. Uh-uh. Not until you think this
through. You can't make a major, life-changing decision when you're out of your
mind with confusion and fear.
 Theresa: Don't you get it, whitney? If i had
another choice besides abortion, I'd take it. But I don'T. What's that saying?
There's no such thing as a little pregnant. You either are or you're not.

 Whitney: Ok. You're pregnant. And you wish the
father of your baby was someone else.
 Theresa: It's worse than that, whitney. I'm
pregnant by the man ethan grew up believing was his father. If ethan finds out,
it'll kill him. I can't tell him, whitney. I can'T.
 Whitney: Ok, but what about the baby, huh?

 Theresa: What do you mean?
 Whitney: This isn't just about you and ethan.
The decision you make is going to affect your baby, too, honey. Really want to
make me cry
 Singer: You are my passion for life
 miguel: You know, I always thought that falling
in love was something that always happened to other people or in the movies. Now
I don't know what I'd ever do if I lost charity.
 Tabitha: Don't buckle, kay dear. The last thing
you need right now is an attack of conscience.
 Miguel: I mean, even hell couldn't tear charity
and me apart. And it's a good thing we're only playing hide-and-seek right now
because if charity and i were really separated, I wouldn't stop looking for her
for the rest of my life.
 Kay: No, I guess you wouldn't, would you?

 Miguel: Come on. Let's go find a place to hide.

 Kay: You know what? You go. I'm going to try to
find a hiding place on my own.
 Miguel: Oh. You figure you got a better chance
of winning if you stay by yourself. You're probably right. You always did have
the killer competitive instinct. I'll catch you later.
 Kay: Ok.
 Father lonigan: To come between a love like
theirs would be virtually impossible.
 Kay: Could evil even do it?
 Father lonigan: Split them? Yes. But only a very
great evil.
 Kay: What am I doing? Such a waste of time. I'm
just going to end up blowing my chance with miguel like i always do. I guess I
better go tell him charity's stuck in a block of ice.
 Tabitha: Has she lost her mind? This girl's
almost home free. Oh. The last thing she needs now are these pesky little pangs
of conscience. They're going to ruin everything.
 Brian: Look, diana, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have
snapped at you like that.
 Sheridan: No, I'm the one who's sorry. I
shouldn't have interfered in your personal life.
 Brian: That's what I mean. I appreciate the fact
that you're trying to help. I know that's what you're doing, but a
reconciliation between me and my family -- it's not going to happen.
 Sheridan: But you hardly spoke two words to your
mother.
 Brian: I could hear what my calling was setting
in motion. The last thing i want to do is cause any friction between my brother
and my mother.
 Sheridan: Are you sure you heard him correctly?
I mean, the connection really wasn't all that clear.
 Brian: Yeah, it was clear enough to understand
what he was saying. And besides, i don't blame him for feeling the way that he
does. If he'd have ran out on the family the way that i did, i'd probably feel
the same way.
 Sheridan: Even so, what about your mother? I'm
sure she would give anything to talk to you.
 Brian: No, it would just set my brother off
again. Look, diana, i've caused my family enough pain. The last thing i want to
do is cause them any more.
 Luis: I know that that was sheridan on the
phone. Why the hell would the line go dead? Maybe sheridan's in trouble. Maybe
she was calling for help and got cut off. I've got to find her.
 Pilar: Luis, listen to me, mijo. You're not
going to help anything by getting upset.
 Luis: Upset? I'm a little beyond upset, mama.
Where could she be?
 Pilar: Luis, por favor, you're not being
rational, son. It could not have been sheridan on the phone. She's gone mijo.

 Luis: No. I used to think that, too, but, mama,
I've got this sense. Call it a sixth sense, whatever you want, but i've got this
feeling that sheridan is alive. And now I know it. Mama, it was sheridan's
voice. I know that I heard sheridan's voice.
 Pilar: And I know that i heard antonio's voice.

 Luis: Antonio? Why the hell would antonio be
calling here after all these years? He doesn't give a damn about this family.

 Pilar: We don't know that. We don't know
anything about the reasons why he left of why he's staying away. And perhaps he
would have explained if i had been able to speak to him.
 Luis: Mama, look, I'm sorry, all right? I know
that you want this family to be the way that it was years ago. It's not going to
happen. And I know that it wasn't antonio on the phone because I know that I
heard sheridan.
 Pilar: Luis, mijo, I know that's what you want
to believe, but you're a policeman. You deal in facts, and the fact is sheridan
died.
 Luis: Yeah. A few months ago, I would have
believed that. But a few months ago, I hadn't yet looked into the eyes of real
live demons. I hadn't seen my brother trapped in the jaws of hell. So i'm not
such a stickler for facts anymore because now i know that real life can be far
more unimaginable than anything the human mind could dream up. I know that
sheridan is alive. I can feel it. I just have to figure out where she was
calling from.
 Pilar: Can you do that?
 Luis: Watch me. Damn. It's supposed to connect
with the last person who called. It's not working. Wait a second. Got it.
Operator, yeah, this is ofc. Lopez fitzgerald of the Harmony p.D. I just
received an urgent call. I need you to trace that caller and its whereabouts.
Now.
 Theresa: But my pregnancy's not very far along,
whitney. I wasn't thinking of the baby as a -- a baby.
 Whitney: Well, that's what he or she plans on
becoming.
 Theresa: I can't believe I'm considering
abortion. You know, I've always been taught there are other alternatives. If
only I could pass the baby off as ethan's.
 Whitney: Theresa, no. My God, it's horrible.

 Theresa: Then i don't know what else to do.

 Whitney: Please, theresa, don't. Don't do this.

 Theresa: I don't want to, whitney. Yes. I need
to make an appointment, please. Pounding on piano ]
 jingle bells, jingle bells
 [ child yelling ]
 Sheridan: Look, I don't know if i have a
brother. But if i did, I can't imagine staying mad at him forever.
 Brian: Look, let's not fight, diana.
 Sheridan: I don't want to fight, either, but
you're being really pig-headed.
 Brian: Yeah, so i've been told.
 Sheridan: I think you're just exaggerating about
what you heard your brother say. So, he's mad at you for leaving the family.
That doesn't mean that he hates you.
 Luis: How many years have we waited for antonio
to come home at christmas? It's not the worth the pain. It's not worth the hurt
that he's caused this family.
 Brian: I know what I heard, diana. He told my
mother not to waste her time talking to me.
 Sheridan: Even after all these years? I'm sorry,
but it sounds like your brother is as pig-headed as you are.
 Brian: Well, that could be. He always was a
stubborn kid.
 Sheridan: Aren't families supposed to be about
unconditional love and forgiveness and understanding? I mean, if your brother
doesn't feel any of those things for you, then, i'm sorry, I don't know what
kind of person he is, but he's definitely someone that i don't ever want to
know.
 Luis: Operator's going to call me back as soon
as she traces the number.
 Pilar: I just don't want you to get your hopes
up.
 Luis: Why not, mama? That's all i have left.
You'll see. As soon as the operator traces the number, we'll call sheridan.
We'll find out where she is. You'll see. I know what I'm talking about.

 Kay: Miguel can't be very far ahead. I'm going
to go tell him. I'm going to tell him charity's stuck in a block of ice. He
doesn't have to know I had anything to do with it.
 Tabitha: There you are, kay. Feeling any better,
dear?
 Kay: Not really.
 Tabitha: Oh, what a shame on such a lovely,
sparkly night. It's miguel again, isn't it?
 Kay: It's always miguel.
 Tabitha: Oh, I'm so sorry things haven't worked
out the way you wanted. You two have always struck me as the ideal twosome, much
better suited to one another than he and charity.
 Kay: Try telling him that.
 Tabitha: Well, I would, but he wouldn't listen
to me. Charity's his first love, and men never seem to get over that initial
first crush. Oh, well. See you later, dear. Chin up.
 Kay: You know, when i think about it, i was
miguel's first crush. I mean, he even admitted that we'd be together if she
hadn't come to town.
 Tabitha: I think it worked, timmy. Kay's
remembering that actually miguel liked her first.
 Timmy: Even if kay changed her mind, miguel's
bound to find charity frozen in ice sooner or later.
 Tabitha: I'm not so sure, lad. I have the
distinct feeling that we've only seen the tip of the iceberg as far as kay is
concerned. Hold on to your hat, lad. Well, I know you haven't got a hat. It's
just a figure of speech.
 Kay: What the heck is that?
 Timmy: All timmy can say is wow.
 Tabitha: Come on, lad. This show's going on the
road.
 Lynn: I hope whitney and theresa realize how
lucky they are to have boyfriends like you. If one of them got in trouble, you'd
never suggest that they got rid of the baby.
 Ethan: Not in a million years. It would go
against everything i ever believed in.
 Whitney: Hang up the phone before you make the
biggest mistake of your life.
 Theresa: You know, that's easy for you to say.
You're not the one who's pregnant by the most horrible man in the world.

 Whitney: So what if it's julian's baby. It's
your baby, too.
 Theresa: Stop saying that.
 Whitney: No. Not until you understand exactly
what you're about to do. This is not another one of your crazy schemes that once
you realize that you were wrong, you get a do-over. If you end this pregnancy,
that's it. Forever and ever, theresa. Honey, think about what you're doing.

 Chad: You know, maybe it'd help for you to just
get away for a while, you know? I mean, being here in Harmony where you and
gavin met probably isn't helping.
 Lynn: My family does have a ski home in the
mountains.
 Ethan: Hey, what's wrong?
 Lynn: Gavin and I were planning on spending
christmas there this year. And now I'll never see him again.
 Chad: Hey.
 Theresa: Lynn needs you, whitney. You better go
see what's wrong.
 Whitney: I'm not going anywhere until you hang
up that phone.
 Theresa: All right. You win.
 Whitney: Don't you dare touch that phone while
i'm gone. You understand?
 Theresa: Yes, i'm sorry. I was disconnected. I
need to make an appointment.
 Theresa: I'm sorry. I really am. A sponge can
hold germs.o ceayisot u edE igge now new ve men in investigation.Also5,agedy on
in - isesconcernsabousaonnealabama's sies adways. N ouwhatne mayo wants out
en...Soú...I @on'ú ca e @ adAlive,it@ way..) E residen aco wo -- atme can es
closing inn osama n N. J ç ç ñ ñ
 Brian: Look, don't be so quick to pass judgment
on my brother.
 Sheridan: I can't help it. If your brother
really has no use for someone in his own family, then i don't know what kind of
person he could be.
 Brian: Look, I'm the one who walked out on him
when he was barely more than a kid.
 Sheridan: Yeah, but he's an adult now, isn't he?
He should be grown-up enough to understand that sometimes people do what they
have to do.
 Brian: Thanks. Thanks for taking my side.

 Sheridan: Who else's side am i going to be on? I
know you, brian. I know that you are a thoughtful and compassionate and caring
person who would give the shirt off his back to anyone who needed it.

 Brian: I'm glad that you see me that way, but
there are things that you don't know about me, things that happened between me
and my brother. Now, he's got every reason to hate me. Some he doesn't even know
about.
 Pilar: You cannot make it ring by staring at it,
luis.
 Luis: I know. I know.
 Pilar: But when it does, I'm afraid you'll be
disappointed. The operator's going to give us antonio's number.
 Luis: Ok. Let's just say for the sake of
argument that you're right. Let's say antonio did pick tonight to call out of
the blue after all these years.
 Pilar: He did. I knew he would someday.

 Luis: All right. So when you fainted and dropped
the phone, that's when antonio got disconnected. And then sheridan called.

 Pilar: Oh, luis --
 luis: Mama, I know it's a stretch, but that's
the only thing that i can figure out. What's the difference? Only thing that
matters is that i get sheridan's number. Then i can call her and find out where
she is.
 [Phone rings]
 luis: Yes, operator? I've got the number. Thank
you. I got the number.
 [Phone rings]
 luis: Come on, sheridan. Answer the phone.
Answer the phone.
 Sheridan: Maybe it's liz.
 Brian: No, I can see who the caller is. It's my
mother's house.
 Sheridan: See, i told you that they wanted to
talk to you. Answer it.
 Brian: I don't know if that's such a good idea.

 Sheridan: Oh, brian, come on. This phone call
could change your life. All right, chicken, if you won't answer it, then I will.

 Whitney: Lynn, what happened? Are you ok?

 Lynn: It's just so hard.
 Chad: Where did you disappear to?
 Whitney: I had to go to the ladies' room.

 Chad: Where's theresa?
 Whitney: She'll be back soon. It's ok. It's all
right.
 Theresa: Yes, i'd like to make an appointment as
soon as possible. That's right, an abortion.
 Ethan: What? An abortion? What are you doing,
theresa?
 Miguel: Hey, guys. Anyone seen charity yet?

 Jessica: Not me.
 Reese: Me, neither.
 Simone: Well, we all just joined up with each
other. I can't imagine where charity would be looking for us.
 Miguel: Look, I'm tired of this game. I think
it's time for us to start looking for charity instead of letting her --

 [jessica screams]
 reese: What's wrong?
 Miguel: Oh, my God. Something could have
happened to charity. We've got to find her.
 Kay: Am i dreaming or what?
 Tabitha: Is this fun, or is this fun?

 Tabitha: I always said that girl had a natural
glow about her.
 Kay: Charity, is that you? Unding on piano ]

 jingle bells, jingle bells
 [ child yelling ]














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site





















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Monday 12/17/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Monday
12/17/01
--Canada ;  Tues. 12/18/01 --USA
 By Amanda Charity:
You guys shouldn't have worried about us just because you found a little blood
in the snow! I mean, come on, like Kay said, it was probably just some poor
little animal. The game of hide-and-seek and, and I found Kay first and then,
and then we got to talking and lost track of time and -- didn't we, Kay?
Kay:
It's working, the spell is really working.
Kay:
Charity, is that you?
Kay:
Sorry, cousin ice cube, but Miguel&nbsp;
is gonna be mine soon.

Tabitha
: Kay's spell was perfect, Timmy! The Charity we see here was sent by our side
to do Kay's bidding.
Timmy:
A Charity zombie?
Tabitha
: Yes! So grab your popcorn, lad, this version of &quot;I was a teenage
zombie&quot; will top any 1950s horror flick!
Timmy:
Timmy wonders what Kay told zombie Charity to do.
Tabitha
: Oh well, whatever it was, I'm sure it was brilliant.
Timmy:
What happens if someone finds the real Chariton ice in the cave?
Tabitha
: Disaster, that's what. That would ruin Kay's plan.

Reese:
I bet Kay and Charity went in there and got trapped!
Jessica:
It wouldn't be the first time.
Reese:
Sweet Kay! I've gotta save her.

Lynn:
Theresa's pregnant.
Ethan:
Look, Lynn, don't be ridiculous. Theresa's just tired from a long and stressful
day, that's all.
Theresa:
Yeah, I'm exhausted!
Ethan:
She had to sign annulment papers.
Lynn:
Annulment papers?
Ethan:
It's a long, mixed-up story but Theresa was briefly married to Julian Crane, the
man I once thought was my father so you see, she can't be pregnant.
Lynn:
If Theresa was married to Julian Crane, then maybe she's pregnant with his baby.&nbsp;


Grace:
Yeah, Sam, you're right, we can make a fresh start, we just shouldn't expect all
of our problems to be over, I mean, sometimes things happen, you know, strange
things that you don't understand and can't explain.
Sam:
Grace, what are you talking about?
Grace:
Do you think sometimes that things happen and, and you thought you didn't want
them to happen, but actually maybe really you did.
Sam:
I think I know what you're getting at, Grace.
Grace:
You do?
Sam:
I was wondering if you were gonna bring it up and now that you have, I think
it's time that we both lay all our cards on the table.

David:
Hate having to stay in Harmony and do your bidding, Ivy. Too many strange things
happen in this town.
Ivy:
David, really, I wouldn't expect a worldly man like you to be rattled by local
lore.
David:
Well, tonight, Charity saw Grace with me and Sam with you.
Ivy:
Did I happen to mention that local lore is often correct?
David:
You're such a hypocrite, Ivy. Now you want to believe Charity's premonitions
because she saw something you want to happen.
Ivy:
No, David, it will happen and that's why you're going to stay here in Harmony
and do exactly as I say.
David:
And if I don't?
Ivy:
Oh, David, you know there would be dire consequences. You really don't want to
suffer all that pain and misery, now do you?

Miguel
: I'm so glad you're safe, Charity.
Charity:
You were that worried about me?
Miguel
: We couldn't find you and Kay anywhere and Reese was really worried about you,
too, Kay. He's still out there looking for you.
Simone:
Yeah, we, we need to go find him and let him know that you're okay.
Miguel
: Yeah.
Charity:
Uh, we'll go find Reese, just as soon as you give Kay a hug to let her know that
you were worried about her, too.
Miguel
: I just told Kay that I was worried about her.
Charity:
Miguel , don't argue with me, please just do it.

Tabitha
: Kay's plan is unfolding nicely. Zombie Charity’s literally pushing Miguel&nbsp;
into Kay's waiting arms! As long as no one finds the real Charity in
nice, Blondie’s relationship with Miguel&nbsp;
is kaput.
Timmy:
About the no one finding the real Charity part, tabby, Reese looks determined to
go in the cave!
Tabitha
: Oh, blast that nosy nerd!

Ethan:
Lynn, Theresa isn't pregnant, much less with Julian’s baby, they never even
slept together. Like I said it was just a horrible mistake.
Whitney:
Horrible!
Ethan:
Look, I know you're upset for being pregnant and losing Gavin, but I just don't
think it's right for you to project your troubles onto Theresa when she and
Whitney are just trying to help you.
Lynn:
I'm sorry, I really thought Theresa was pregnant when she got nauseous.
Ethan:
Well, she isn't. But hopefully, someday soon, when we're ready to start a
family, she will be. I can't wait to have a baby with the woman I love.
Lynn:
I only wish Gavin would have been that supportive when I told him I was
pregnant.
Ethan:
Hey, um, would you guys excuse me, I, I just remembered there's something Chad
and I have to do. Come on, man, uh, we'll be back.
Whitney:
I'm gonna go get some hot chocolate, be right back.
Lynn:
Why are you lying to Ethan about being pregnant?
Theresa:
Lynn, I, I, I don't know what you're talking about.
Lynn:
I didn't wanna press you before in front of him, but I know you're pregnant,
Theresa, now I know that Ethan's not the father. It's Julian Crane.

Timmy:
Time's running out! Reese is almost in the cave!
Tabitha
: If this doesn't get a and see them, nothing will.

[Wolf howling]
Simone:
What was that?
Kay:
Oh no, I have to stop them! Reese! Jessica!

Tabitha
: Mission accomplished, Tim-Tim! Watching &quot;Animal Planet&quot; with you
really paid off!
Timmy:
Timmy thinks that Reese will still be interested in what's in that cave. He has
an inquiring mind, like Timmy.
Tabitha
: Yes, well, Kay will think of something to distract him, even if she finds it
unappealing.
Timmy:
Timmy doesn't get it.
Tabitha
: No. Ross will. Just watch.

Reese:
Kay! You're safe!
Jessica:
So's Charity!
Kay:
I think we should all go back to the skating pond.
Reese:
Or, to celebrate our reunion, we could explore this really cool cave!
Miguel
: No.
Kay:
Uh, we could do that or we could do this.

Tabitha
: Girl has to do what a girl has to do.
Timmy:
But Reese grosses Kay out.
Tabitha
: Mmm, to the max! But as long as she can keep Ross out of that cave, her plan
to stop Charity having a future with Miguel&nbsp;
can go full steam ahead.

Grace:
All right, Sam, let's put all our cards out on the table.
Sam:
I never wanted Ivy to kiss me, Grace. Not once. And I'll tell you that as many
times as you need to hear it.
Grace:
Sam, you and Ivy are --
Sam:
Listen, you don't need to apologize for wanted to be reassured. I should have
told you about Ivy a long time ago. Just now that I've only loved you since the
day I rescued you from that fire. Even at the hospital when I told Ivy that I
never stopped loving her, it was only because eve thought it would save her
life. And it galls me that David tried to make it more than what it was.
Grace:
Yeah, um, look, about David--
Sam:
Listen, just put David Hastings out of your mind. It doesn't matter anymore than
Ivy kissing me.
Grace:
Yeah, you're right. Sometimes a kiss doesn't mean anything.
Sam:
I'm glad we had this talk. Now, I want you to stay here, warm, in front of the
fire, I'm gonna make us one of my special mocha coffees.
Grace:
Mmm! You know what, while you do that, I'm gonna put up just a couple of
Christmas decorations.
Sam:
Oh no, you're not. I want you to rest.
Grace:
Rest?
Sam:
For when I get back.
Grace:
Mmm. Sam, I love you so much. And you're right, I should just put what happened
with David out of my mind, it didn't mean anything. It didn't mean a thing.

David:
You know, Harmony's such a weird vibe. Maybe I'd be better off letting you use
the dirt you have on my brother than staying in this tainted town any longer.
Ivy:
[Laughing] David, you're making it sound like &quot;village of the
damned&quot;!
David:
Well, hearing about Grace going to the hospital and causing an earthquake does
make me wonder.
Ivy:
It was nothing. The walls rattled a little, that was all.
David:
You were there?
Ivy:
Yes, Grace was putting a curse on me.
David:
A what?
Ivy:
It's ridiculous, I know. All the Standish women think they have supernatural
powers. Grace was upset because she'd lost her baby and she decided to put a
curse on me. Obviously it didn't work! I mean, I'm perfectly fine. Nothing bad's
happened to me.
David:
Ivy, you were struck by lightning, fell off a ladder, injured your spine and now
you're in a wheelchair.
Ivy:
Grace had nothing to do with my accident.
David:
Huh! [Sighing] I wonder if, uh, if Grace has special powers, then maybe Charity does,
too. I mean, even you yourself have admitted that some of her premonitions come
true.
Ivy:
And some of them don't.
David:
What if I told you that earlier on tonight, Charity had had yet another
premonition? About a baby that would cause pain and suffering to people in
Harmony?
Ivy:
Interesting, but who would have a baby that would cause misery?
David:
I haven't a clue. But whoever it is, if Charity's premonition is right, their
life would be completely destroyed.

Lynn:
I'm not slamming you because you're pregnant, Theresa and I know you don't want
Ethan to know what's what, that's why I backed off earlier in front of him. [Sighing] it's a good thing, too. If he found out that you were carrying the
baby of the man he used to think was his father, he'd go ballistic.
Theresa:
Lynn, you've got it all wrong, it's --
Lynn:
I know it's hard to admit, but the stress of keeping this secret isn't good for
you or the baby!
Theresa:
No, really --
Lynn:
You've been a good friend to me. You comforted me when my boyfriend, Gavin, left
me after finding out that I was pregnant. I want you to know you can trust me, I
won't tell your secrets.
Theresa:
Okay. You're right, Lynn. I'm pregnant and I don't know what to do and hearing
what happened with you and Gavin, it's just made things worse. I know that you
believe if you didn't tell Gavin you were pregnant and you just went ahead and
had an abortion, you would still be together!
Lynn:
I don't think it, I know it. I lost Gavin because of an unwanted pregnancy and
the Same thing will happen to you as soon as he finds out you're pregnant, with
another man's baby, no less? Ethan will leave you forever.

Timmy:
Timmy's had enough. He can't stand watching true love being torn apart.
Tabitha
: Hey! Just where are you off to?
Timmy:
Timmy needs time alone to think.
Tabitha
: Well, don't overtax that pea brain of yours. And stay out of sight!

Miguel
: Guess Kay really missed ya, huh, Reese?
Simone:
What is going on, Kay? Why were you kissing Reese?
Kay:
Um, it's kinda hard to explain.
Simone:
Try.
Kay:
I just think it's time that I start to get over Miguel , okay?
Reese:
I think we should do what I said before, go into the cave, alone, and do a
little exploring.
Charity:
I think we should go back and get some hot chocolate.
Reese:
You guys go ahead, we'll catch up.
Kay:
No, Reese, actually, I want some hot chocolate, too.
Reese:
Well I'll do whatever you want, whenever you want.
Charity:
Okay, come on, let's go.
Kay:
Well, um, I left my bag over there, so I'm just gonna get it and catch up with
you guys.
Reese:
I'll come with you, sweetie!
Kay:
No, no, Reese, now if we stay here together then we'll never get that hot
chocolate, will we?
Reese:
Oh! I know what you mean. See you later, hot lips.
Kay:
Bye.
Kay:
What if someone else goes into the cave and finds Charity? I have to think of a
way to keep her hidden forever.
Tabitha
: You'll think of something, Kay. You're natural at being naughty!

Chad:
Hey, you Gavin?
Gavin:
Yeah. Why?
Ethan:
Is your girlfriend named Lynn?
Gavin:
You mean my ex- girlfriend.
Chad:
It's him.
Gavin:
What do you two guys want?
Ethan:
We're here to keep you from making the biggest mistake of your life.
Timmy:
Timmy's precious Charity, what could be worse, a human Popsicle!
[Footsteps]
Timmy:
Reese finding Timmy, that would be worse! Timmy has to hide and fast.

Kay:
I always knew you were frigid, Charity.
The question is how to keep people from finding out that Charity's frozen inside
the cave. Oh, it's more complicated than that. Like what happens when spring
comes and the ice melts?
Tabitha
: Not to worry, dear, the dark side offers tech support 24/7.
Kay:
This is perfect! Okay. Stones and rocks / dirt and debris / close this cave for
eternity.
Kay:
Now even when the ice melts, Charity's gonna be stuck in a cave. Oh, but wait,
then she'll die. Once I get Miguel&nbsp;
and I don't need Charity's weird double anymore then I’ll come let the
real Charity out. Yeah, I mean, even if she remembers what happened to her,
nobody's gonna believe her anyway. Being bad is too good to be true.
Tabitha
: Thanks to zombie Charity, Blondie and Miguel&nbsp;
have no hope. No hope at all.

Ethan:
Our girlfriends are friends of your ex-, Lynn.
Chad:
Look, we got the skinny on what went down between you two, so we came to find
you to talk some sense into you.
Ethan:
Look, man, you can't abandon Lynn just because she got pregnant. You have a
responsibility to her and your baby.
Gavin:
You know what, this is none of your damn business.
Chad:
Hey, well, you know what, we're making it our business.
Ethan:
We just saw Lynn, right and she's heartbroken. She feels like her life is over
without you.
Gavin:
I'm sorry Lynn’s hurting but I can't be saddled with a baby while I go to med
school.
Ethan:
Gavin, she still loves you! And I know, somewhere in your heart, you still love
her.
Chad:
Dude, could you actually live with yourself? I mean, knowing that you just up
and abandoned your kid and the woman that you love?
Ethan:
Think about your life without Lynn, you know and, and your kid growing up
without its father and you always wondering what might have been.
Chad:
You gotta own up to your responsibility, man.
Ethan:
Look, don't abandon the woman you love and her baby. Do the right thing. Come
with us to see Lynn.

Whitney:
Hot chocolate with extra whipped cream. Lynn, will you please excuse us, we're
gonna go settle up our tab, okay?
Whitney:
Don't tell me that you're still considering going through with this.
Theresa:
Whitney, I have no choice. Ethan will find out I'm pregnant if I don't do it and
soon.
Whitney:
Well, that's about a zillion times better than him finding out that you had an
abortion. Don't you realize all you have to do is tell Ethan the truth? That,
that you were drunk when you and Mr. Crane slept together, that, that you
thought that you were actually sleeping with Ethan and not Mr. Crane.
Theresa:
Whitney, I can't! Ethan will never forgive me!
Whitney:
No, Ethan will never forgive you if you have an abortion, Theresa.
Theresa:
He'll never forgive me if I have Julian Crane’s baby either.
Whitney:
He had to have heard you on the phone with the clinic earlier, right?
Theresa:
He did, he thought that I was making an appointment for Lynn.
Whitney:
And he wasn't too happy about that, was he? I know how he feels about abortion.
Theresa:
You're right, Whitney, which is why he can never find out.
Whitney:
Theresa, look, just don't do this.
Theresa:
If I could have the baby and give it up for adoption without Ethan finding out,
Whitney, I would, but that's not an option for me. Okay, for me, now, abortion
is the only way and I have to have one or I will lose Ethan forever!

Timmy:
Geek at 6:00 and closing fast!
Reese:
You can run but you can't hide, toy boy! I'm gonna get you and your Witchy boss,
too. Tracks stopped. Where could that little imp be?
Timmy:
Timmy's got a surprise for four-eyes.
Timmy:
Gotcha, geek boy!
Reese:
[Spitting]

Kay:
Hey.
Jessica:
Where's Reese?
Kay:
I don't know, I thought he was with you guys.
Miguel
: He's probably still cooling off from that hot kiss you gave him.
Hey,
kids! Kids! Your hot chocolate's ready.
Oh,
thanks!
Jessica:
Um, I guess I’ll just hold onto Reese's until he gets back.
Miguel
: Here you go, Kay.
Kay:
Thank you.
Simone:
Excuse me.
Miguel
: Sorry, Simone. Here you go, Charity.
[Girls chattering in background]
Miguel
: Why aren't you drinking your hot chocolate?
Charity:
I don't really want it.
Miguel
: You were the one who suggested we have it.
Charity:
What are you, my parole officer? I told you, I don't want it!
Miguel
: Sorry. I was just curious, that's all.
Simone:
Charity, I think that you owe Miguel&nbsp;
an apology.
Tabitha
: Good work, Kay! You and zombie Charity make quite a team!

Sam:
Grace! How did you do all this so fast?
Grace:
You know, the holidays are here, I just wanted to get a couple things up.
Sam:
Oh, I love you.
[Smooching]
Grace:
[Laughing]
Sam:
I can't wait to celebrate Christmas in our new home.
Grace:
Neither can I.
Sam:
You know what? Nothing and no one can spoil our happiness now.

[Playing &quot;The First Noel&quot;]
Ivy:
Did Charity happen to mention the name of the baby's mother in the premonition?
David:
Not that I can recall. She mentioned something about a secret, though.
Ivy:
A secret? Having to do with the baby?
David:
I'm not really sure, why do you ask?
Ivy:
Oh, I just know somebody who's chock-full of secrets. I wonder if it's her.
David:
What are you talking about?
Ivy:
Never mind, you just keep doing your part in my plan to break up Sam and Grace,
or I really am gonna have to go public with my blackmail bombshell, do you
understand?
David:
Yes, boss, I read you loud and clear.
Ivy:
Wonderful. Well, good night. Don't let the bed bugs bite.
David:
Who needs bed bugs when I've got you eating away at my conscience. Blackmail or
no, I'm not sure I'm doing the right thing yet.
Ivy:
I wonder if Charity's on a roll. I mean, after all, she did have a premonition
of seeing Sam with me. What if the baby she saw in the premonition was
Theresa's? Oh, that's that little tramp's secret! She's pregnant and she's
hiding it from Ethan! Oh ho!

Whitney:
You know what, maybe you could stay with your sister, Paloma, um, have your baby
and then give it up for adoption.
Theresa:
How would I explain leaving town to Ethan? Besides, Whitney, he, he would wanna
come visit me and, and when I refuse, well, Gwen would use that to turn Ethan
against me and, and she'd win him back. No, no, as horrible as it is, abortion
is the only way out of this mess. Now I'm gonna call the clinic and make an
appointment.
Whitney:
Wait, just wait a second, okay? Chad and Ethan just got back, just wait.
Chad:
Hey, Lynn.
Lynn:
Well, look who's back. You got tired of listening to me cry, so you took off,
just like Gavin. Guess you thought I'd be quiet enough now for you to stand
being around me.
Whitney:
Lynn, you don't have any right to talk to Chad and Ethan that way.
Theresa:
I'm sure they had a really good reason to leave the way they did.
Ethan:
You know, Lynn, you were right about one thing, Chad and I were tired of
listening to you cry.
Lynn:
See?
Ethan:
We wanted to make things better for you.
Chad:
Yes, we went and found your boyfriend, Gavin, talked some sense into him.
Lynn:
You did? I'm sorry I misjudged you.
Ethan:
It's okay.
Lynn:
So where's Gavin? He didn't come, did he? You talked to him but he still wants
nothing to do with me and the baby. See, you tell a guy you're pregnant and they
leave you. End of story.
Grace:
I hope you're right, Sam, I hope there aren't any more threats to our happiness.

Sam:
There is one.
Grace:
Hey, don't you worry about David. I'll get the marriage annulled, we'll get
remarried, and everything will be just perfect.
David:
Sorry, Grace, but nothing will ever be perfect in your life again.

Miguel
: Look, Charity, I didn't mean anything by that --
Charity:
Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap at you like that, I'm just tired.
Miguel
: It's okay, just as long as you're sure there's nothing wrong.
Jessica:
Oh! Reese, what happened to you, here.
Reese:
I was hot on the trail of Tabitha 's little living doll, but they lured me into
a trap. Tried to dump an avalanche of snow on me!
Miguel
: Knock it off, man! All right, Timmy isn't alive and Tabitha&nbsp;
isn't a witch!
Reese:
You know, that's just what they want you to think.
Reese,
will you please! Just stop this crazy talk, okay?
Tabitha
: Hey, what did you do to Ross?
Timmy:
Timmy used snow to make Reese look flaky to his friends.
Tabitha
: Oh, way to go, doll face!
[Chuckling]
Miguel
: Since you're tired, I, I'll walk you home.
Charity:
No, I’ll walk home with Jessica, you know what, since Kay's staying at your
place, I think you should walk her home.
Miguel
: But Reese and Kay probably wanna walk home together.
Charity:
Reese, Reese needs to get out of those wet clothes before he catches pneumonia
and you should walk Kay home!
Tabitha
: Kay's plan is going gangbusters! Miguel&nbsp;
doesn't know it yet, but he and Charity are going, going, gone.
Miguel
: Are you sure?
Charity:
Oh, I am positive!
Miguel
: All right.

Ethan:
Look, Lynn, not all guys would abandon the woman they love just because she's
pregnant.
Lynn:
You only say that because --
Gavin:
Lynn? Can I talk to you?
Lynn:
Gavin!
Gavin:
I'm so sorry. I was such a jerk for walking out on you, but if you take me back,
I'll make up for everything, I promise.
Lynn:
Of course I'll take you back!
Gavin:
Look, I thought about it and if we cut back on things like lattes, CDs and
eating out, we can make this work. You and I and our baby, we're gonna be just
fine.

Chad:
Look, I already figured out that Julian and Theresa slept together in Bermuda,
but I think I just now realized what this other secret of her’s is. I ain't
gonna say it out loud, but if I'm right, then that's it for Ethan and Theresa.
Theresa:
You and Chad did such a wonderful thing to talk to Gavin.
Ethan:
Just trying to help.
Theresa:
And you did, look how happy they are!
Ethan:
Yeah. And I'm sure Lynn’s forgotten that she ever thought you were pregnant. I
mean, how silly was that? You're not pregnant, are you, Theresa?
Theresa:
No! I mean, no, of course not.
Ethan:
Yeah, it was stupid of me to ask. How could you be pregnant? You were on the
pill when we made love. I'm the only guy you've ever been with.
Ivy:
Charity's prediction was true, wasn't it, slut? There's a baby out there that
will destroy lives. It's your baby, Theresa, I know it is.














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Tuesday 12/18/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;

Tuesday 12/18/01--Canada; Wed. 12/19/01 -- U.S.
  By Amanda  Tabitha: This is no
ordinary scrapbook, lad. Last night we witnessed the destruction of Charity. So
intend to remember it with these photos.

Timmy: Timmy
doesn't remember his princess taking any pictures.

Tabitha: Well, I
can't give away all my trade secrets. But I will tell you one thing, it helps
to have your own personal darkroom. It doesn't get much darker than our
basement.

Timmy: Ew, that's
not a real flattering photo of Kay.

Tabitha: Nonsense,
Kay's never looked better. Our Kay came through big time when she cast that
spell on Charity to get Miguel for herself.

Timmy: Poor
Charity, Timmy feels so sorry for her.

Tabitha: Well,
don't feel too sorry. With Charity gone our friends will prevail. And you and I
will be on easy street. Oh, what a glorious night it was. Oh, Timmy.

Kay: &quot;Bad
cousin, good cousin, naughty and nice. Let the former prevail, let the latter
turn to ice.

Charity: 9, 8, 7,
6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1...

[ Gasping ]

Kay: Charity, is
that you?

Tabitha: [ Sighing
] my scrapbook is finished and so is Charity. And here's the best part now that
she's turned into a giant popsicle a new and improved version has taken her
place.

Timmy: Timmy
doesn't like the new Charity. She's like a puppet. She does anything Kay tells
her to.

Tabitha: Indeed she
is, Timmy. Oh, everything's finally fallen into place. Goodness has lost its
champion and our side will reign supreme.

Miguel: Mama, let
me help you with that.

Pilar: Thank you,
me jo.

Miguel: It looks like
you bought out the whole store.

Pilar: Well, it's
Christmas and we are going to have a big celebration.

Miguel: You must
have got up at the crack of dawn to get all of these decorations out.

Pilar: That's
because i want every corner of this house to be filled with the Christmas
spirit.

Miguel: I've never
seen you like this. I mean, you've always been into Christmas but this year
you're like going all out.

Pilar: Oh, this
year is special, my son. This is going to be the most wonderful Christmas ever.

Miguel: What do you
mean?

Pilar: Miguel,
after all these years, your brother's coming home. Antonio will be home for
Christmas.

Theresa: Mama,
hurry up with the egg nog.

Luis: I'll get some
more firewood. Antonio.

Brian: It's me,
Luis, your brother. I've come home.

Diana: Hello? Are
you there?

Pilar: It's
Antonio?

Luis: It's a ghost.
I heard a ghost.

Pilar: Yes,
Antonio.

Luis: No, Sheridan.
Sheridan, I was so sure I heard your voice on the phone. I'd do anything to
hear that. And pray for a miracle like mama said. Didn't work. You're not here.

Diana: Don't do it,
Luis. Don't blow out the candle. You did get your miracle. I'm here. I've come
back to you.

Luis: Sheridan, is
that really you?

Sheridan: Yes, it's
really me.

Luis: I hoped and
prayed that you'd come back to me. I didn't know how I would go on without you.

Sheridan: You don't
have to worry about that anymore. I'm here.

Luis: Oh, i've
missed you so much. I love you.

Sheridan: I love
you, too, with all of my heart and soul.

Luis: She's not
coming back, Luis. She's gone. No miracle's bringing her back.

[ Sighing ]

Miguel: Antonio's
coming home for Christmas?

Pilar: Yes.

Miguel: That's
fantastic. I mean, I was so young when he left i barely even remember him.
When's he coming?

Pilar: Well, I'm
not sure, me jo.

Miguel: [
Stammering ] how did all this happen? When did you hear from him?

Pilar: Well,
Antonio called last night. But when i heard his voice, I fainted. And I dropped
the phone.

Miguel: I don't
blame you, you must have been shocked. I mean, you've been waiting to hear from
Antonio for years.

Pilar: I know.

Miguel: Since he
left you've lit a candle every night praying for his return.

Pilar: I know and
now my prayers have been answered.

Miguel: Tell me,
mama, what did he say?

Pilar: Well, I
really did not get to talk to him. Luis picked up the phone after I dropped it
but Antonio was no longer on the line, someone else was.

Miguel: Who?

Pilar: Sheridan.

Miguel: What?

Pilar: I know. I
know it sounds strange but Luis said it was Sheridan’s voice on the phone.

Miguel: Mama,
that's impossible. Sheridan's dead.

Pilar: I know, me jo, but Luis was sure it was Sheridan. And he even got the number from the
phone company and called back but he couldn't get through.

Miguel: Mama, don't
get mad at me for saying this but are you sure it was Antonio calling?

Pilar: Yes. He said
it was Antonio.

Miguel: Maybe it
was somebody else named Antonio like a telemarketer or something.

Pilar: No, Miguel,
I know the sound of my own son's voice. It was Antonio.

Miguel: It just
doesn't make any sense. You know, how could Antonio be on the same phone call
as Sheridan?

Pilar: I don't
know.

Miguel: Maybe you
and Luis wanted to hear their voices so much that you imagined it.

Pilar: No, me jo, i
was Antonio and he's coming home.

Brian: It's me,
Luis. I've come home.

Luis: Yeah, so I
see. So why now? Why after all these years?

Brian: I know it's
been a long time.

Luis: Yeah.

Brian: I've missed
all of you. I thought about you every single day since i've left.

Luis: Yeah, well,
i'm sorry if I find that hard to believe.

Brian: It's true. I
missed all of you.

Luis: So why did
you wait so long to come home? Why didn't you ever even contact us?

Brian: It's
complicated. There's a woman in my life now, a very special woman. She
convinced me that it didn't matter how long I was gone that my family would
always be there for me.

Luis: Really? Well,
she's wrong. You walked out on us years ago. Mama has lit a candle every night
praying for your return. Phone call, post card, anything. What she get?
Nothing. Broke her heart.

Brian: I never
meant to hurt mama. I had to go.

Luis: Why, Antonio?
What could be more important than your family?

Brian: I can't tell
you.

Luis: You haven't
changed a bit. Yeah, you couldn't be honest then that same way that you can't
be honest now. Just tell me this. You planning to stay?

Brian: No. No, I
can’t.

Luis: Then you
better listen to me. Don't you dare do this to mama. And don't you dare come
back and break her heart again. She doesn't deserve that.

Brian: I just want
to see her, that's all.

Luis: Yeah? Look.
And now you've seen her now leave. Don't you ever hurt mama and this family
again.

Brian: Goodbye,
mama. Goodbye.

[ Sighing ] Luis was right.
I caused my family enough pain. I can't go home. It's only going to make things
worse.

Theresa: Ethan,
what are you doing here?

Ethan: Oh, I called
your house and they said you were here. Are you okay? They said you weren't
feeling well.

Theresa: Oh, yeah,
I don't know what hit me. Maybe I'm just coming down with something.

Ethan: I hope not.
If we're going to be married soon we can't have you getting sick.

Theresa: I'm sure i
will be fine in no time. Come on.

Ethan: You know,
Beth said it was like you had morning sickness. I mean, what a coincidence i
mean, your friend Lynn said the same thing last night.

Whitney: Well, you
know how people jump to conclusions. I mean, a woman gets sick and everybody
assumes that she's pregnant.

Theresa: Well, you
are up early this morning.

Ethan: Well, I was
planning on going by the courthouse to pick up the marriage license but I got a
call from a potential client looking for an attorney.

Theresa: Oh, gosh,
that's wonderful news. That's exactly what you've been waiting for.

Ethan: Yeah, I'm meeting
with him in a little while just right outside of town. Do you want to come with
me after you finished breakfast?

Theresa: Oh. Uh.

Ethan: It's really
strange.

Theresa: Yes.

Ethan: You've been
getting sick at the sight of food recently.

Theresa: It's
nothing.

Ethan: Wait a
minute. I was just thinking about what Lynn said last night about you being
pregnant with Julian’s baby.

Diana: That trial
sail brain and I went on went really well. I wasn't scared at all out at sea.

Liz: Good. Does
that mean that you're ready for the big trip back to Harmony?

Diana: Absolutely.
I can't wait. There's just something so familiar about Harmony. I sensed it
from the moment I heard the name. I felt even stronger when I saw pictures of it
on the computer.

Liz: I hope Harmony
has the answers that you are looking for.

Diana: Believe me,
so do I. I just keep thinking that when I get there something will help me get
my memory back. You know, last night i even had a dream about my past.

Liz: Really? What
happened in the dream?

Diana: Well, I was
getting ready for the trip and i answered the phone. This is really you. Is
this really the man i love?

Luis: Yes, it's me.
I've been looking everywhere for you.

Diana: But I don't
understand, I thought you were dead.

Luis: No, i'm alive
but i've missed you so much. I can't live my life without you.

Diana: I'm going to
be leaving for Harmony soon, my love. We can be together again.

Luis: I'll be
waiting for you. From now on, nothing will ever separate us again. We'll be
together forever.

Diana: I know it
was just a dream but it sure felt real. That's impossible, though.

Liz: Maybe it's not
so impossible, Diana. Maybe the dream is trying to tell you something.

Diana: But the man
I love is dead. I remember holding him in my arms when he died.

Liz: You know,
honey, maybe your memory is wrong. You know, maybe this guy is really out there
somewhere. And right at this moment he's thinking about you and wondering where
you are.

Luis: I know you're
gone, Sheridan but i can still feel you here with me. Mama.

Pilar: Oh, thank
you, son.

Luis: You've got
enough food to feed an army. What is all this?

Pilar: Have you
forgotten it's Christmas? Besides I have a feast to prepare and this is going
to be the biggest celebration we've had in a long time.

Luis: Oh. Corn
husks. Masa. Are you making Tomales?

Pilar: Mm-hmm.

Luis: You haven't
made Tomales in years.

Pilar: Well, they
were Antonio's favourite.

Luis: Mama... And
what's all this? All these are ingredients for Crème Brulee, that's Sheridan’s
favourite dessert.

Pilar: I know, I
was hoping -- i am praying for a miracle, son.

Luis: Mama.

Pilar: Luis, I am
trying to put as much energy as I can into showing my faith. Antonio will be
home for Christmas and I'm praying that Sheridan will come back to us, too.

Timmy: Timmy hates
to think of Charity locked in a block of ice in that cave.

Tabitha: Well,
here's an idea. Don't think about it. There's nothing anybody can do for
Blondie right now and you know we will never see the real Charity again.

Timmy: But the fake
Charity's all creepy. All she does is take orders from Kay.

Tabitha: Yes,
indeed. Oh, isn't it grand? As the old saying goes, dollface, out with the old
and with the new.

Charity: Did I do
what you wanted last night?

Kay: Oh, yeah, I
mean, you really pushed Miguel away. He was really upset when you snapped at
him.

Charity: What next?

Kay: Well, you're
just going to keep pushing him away until you push him right out of your life.
Miguel's going to be brokenhearted of course but I'll be there to pick up the
pieces. And then Miguel's going to realize that i'm the one he really loves
anyway.

Charity: Anything
you want.

Kay: What i want is
for Miguel to forget all about little miss Charity and with your help, that's
exactly what he's going to do. Miguel's going to be mine forever.

Charity: I'll do
whatever you say, Kay. Whatever you say.

Ethan: And don't
you remember what Lynn said last night? About you being pregnant with Julian’s
baby.

Theresa: I
remember.

Ethan: Yeah, well,
I can only imagine what she would think now if she found out you were sick
again. You know, she'd be even more convinced that you were pregnant.

Theresa: Oh, well,
you know who cares what Lynn says anyway.

Ethan: Well, I
don't care but I just think that's funny, that's all. It's like she was
determined to prove that you were pregnant. You know, if she saw you were
drinking juice instead of coffee she'd say you were avoiding the caffeine for
the baby. You know, it was crazy for her to think you were pregnant especially
with Julian’s baby.

Theresa: Yeah, that
is the craziest idea.

Ethan: It's just
plain impossible. I mean, you would never have slept with Julian. You know,
your marriage was an accident.

Theresa: It was all
an accident.

Ethan: Yeah, I mean
if you had, you would've told me and then i would've killed him.

Theresa: Honey,
please don't talk like that.

Ethan: Well, it's
the truth. And I mean, you'd never willingly go to bed with Julian, he'd have
to force himself on you. You know, take advantage of you. I couldn't let him
get away with that.

Whitney: Well, you
know, there's no point in even talking about it anyway.

Theresa: Right.

Ethan: You're right
because it never happened, right, Theresa? There are no more secrets between
us.

Miguel: Thanks for
coming over to help, guys.

Jessica: Gosh, are
you kidding? We'd never miss a chance to trim a tree.

Miguel: I just
wonder why I haven't heard from Charity this morning.

Simone: Why don't
you call her?

Miguel: I don't
know. I don't want to wake her up. She must have been pretty tired last night.
She's never snapped at me like that.

Reese: You know,
research indicates that sleep deprivation is directly proportionate to a
person's irritability.

Miguel: I think
it's late enough. I'm going to call her.

[ Telephone ringing ]

[ telephone ringing ]

Kay: It's Miguel.

Charity: What do
you want me to do?

Kay: Don't answer
it. I have to figure out what our first move is before you talk to him.

Charity: Anything
you want.

Tabitha: Kay is
mean with a capital &quot;m&quot;. I can't wait to see how she uses Robo-Charity to get Miguel for herself.

Timmy: Timmy
doesn't like this, princess.

Tabitha: That's
okay, I like it enough for both of us.

Miguel: That's
weird, there's no answer. And Charity usually calls me before she's going to go
out somewhere.

Kay: You know, I
think we need to take this a little slower. If you're too distant with Miguel
everybody's going to get suspicious especially Simone and Jessica. They're
always on my case. So this is what I want you to do.

[ Whispering ]

Charity: I don't
understand. I thought you wanted to break up Miguel and Charity.

Kay: You're not
here to think, sweetheart. I do want to break them up and that's how.

Timmy: Timmy
wonders what Kay's up to. He can't hear a thing.

Tabitha: Knowing
Kay, it'll be good or should I say bad?

Luis: Mama, mama,
we've got to stop doing this. I want to believe in what you're saying. I want
to think that Sheridan is coming back. She's not.

Pilar: Well, how do
you explain last night's phone call, Luis?

Luis: You know
maybe we both wanted to hear their voices so bad that we imagined them. I don't
know. But what i do know is it wasn't real.

Pilar: You told me
last night that you were certain that you heard Sheridan’s voice.

Luis: Yeah.

Pilar: Now tell me,
Luis, would you ever mistake Sheridan’s voice?

Luis: No!

Pilar: Well, I
wouldn't ever mistake Antonio's voice. He said his name.

Luis: Mama, how
could it possibly be? How could it possibly be that Antonio and Sheridan were
on the call together?

Diana: Brian, i'm
glad you're awake. I want to leave for Harmony right away.

Brian: Right away?
What's the hurry?

Diana: I'm just
anxious to get there and see if Harmony holds the key to my past. I really
think this trip is what i need. And I think it might also be what you need.

Liz: Really? Why do
you say that?

Diana: Well,
Brian’s family is in the united states I thought that once we get there he
could go see them.

Liz: Your family?
In all the years on this island, you never once mentioned your family.

Brian: It's not
that important.

Diana: Of course it
is. It's Christmas. Your family would be thrilled to see you. In fact, i bet
even your brother would come around.

Brian: I doubt that
very much.

Diana: Trust me,
Brian. Once you're home, it won't matter why you left, only that you're back.

Brian: Well, that
won't matter since i'm not going home. I plan on sailing the boat and coming
right back down here so...

Diana: That's too
bad. I hope you change your mind. Listen, why don't I get you something to eat
while you think about it?

Brian: I see that
look in your eye, liz. Go ahead, say what it is you have to say.

Liz: You're running
from something having to do with your family, aren't you? What is it?

Brian: I don't want
to talk about it.

Liz: Whatever it is
it's kept you away from your family for a very long time. So i'm guessing it
must be big.

Brian: If you only
knew.

You are my passion for life

Ethan: I'm sorry to
leave you while you're not feeling well, sweetheart but i need to get going.

Theresa: Well,
don't worry about me. Good luck with client.

Ethan: Thank you.

Theresa: Mm-hmm.

Ethan: This is the
first step in getting my law practice up off the ground. Once i build up a
business and get settled financially we can start a family.

Theresa: I want a
family with you more than anything.

Ethan: That goes
for me, too. I can't wait for you to pregnant for the first time. I want you to
know that I'm going to be there for you and our child the whole way through.
But first I better go see this client.

Theresa: Okay.

Ethan: Feel better,
sweetheart.

Theresa: Thanks.

Ethan: See you
later.

Whitney: Bye.

Theresa: Bye.

Whitney: I'm so
sorry, Theresa. I know how hard this must be for you.

Theresa: Whitney, I
can't tell Ethan about my pregnancy or i will lose him not to mention then
Ethan will kill Julian and spend the rest of his life in jail. And I can't pass
the baby off as Ethan's either because that's not fair to the baby or to Ethan.
That means i only have one choice.

Whitney: No, you
don't have one choice.

Theresa: Whitney,
yes, I do. I'm going to have an abortion. It's the only way.

Liz: I know i'm right.
Whatever caused you to leave your family must have been a big deal.

Brian: Come on,
Liz, I don't ask you about my past and I don't want you asking about mine.
Isn't that the unspoken rule about this island?

Liz: I know. And
I'll back off, Brian. It's just I'm concerned about you.

Brian: Well, don't
be.

Liz: I can't help
it. Now I know all this talk about your family has gotten to you. You've been
acting strangely ever since i asked you to sail that boat back to Harmony. Wait
a minute. That's it, isn't it? Brian, your family's in Harmony. That's why
you've been so reluctant to go back.

Brian: I thought
you said you were going to back off.

Diana: Brian, i
want to apologize for bringing up your family. I didn't mean to upset you. I
just thought that after speaking to your mother you'd want to see her again.

Liz: You spoke to
your mother?

Diana: I convinced
him to call her but they really didn't get a chance to say much to each other.

Liz: Why not?

Diana: Well, Brian
heard his brother in the background and he was upset with Brian for leaving. I
even got on the phone and tried to talk to his brother but Brian here grabbed
the phone and threw it into the water before i could even say hello.

Brian: Look,
there's nothing more you could say. My brother's right, I just need to stay
away from my family.

Diana: I'm sorry
but I just don't believe that.

Brian: Well, it's
true. It's best for everyone if I just don't see my family again, okay?

Luis: Mama, it
couldn't have been Antonio and Sheridan on the phone. Why would they be
together?

How could they be together?

Pilar: I don't
know. Not everything can be explained logically. But what i do know is that i
heard Antonio on the phone last night and there's no doubt in my mind that he
is coming home. Well, I'm going to light another candle for your brother. And I
intend to keep one lit morning and night until he comes home. What about you,
son? Will you light a candle for Sheridan?

Theresa: [ Sighing
] Whitney, i wish I had another choice. But the only way out of this horrible
situation is having an abortion. Then Ethan will never find out the truth.

Whitney: But you
don't believe in it, Theresa and neither does Ethan.

Theresa: I know,
Whitney, but you heard Ethan just now. If he found out I was pregnant with Julian’s
child, he would kill him for sure. Because of a stupid, horrible, drunken
mistake that i made, the man I love would spend the rest of his life in jail. I
would destroy his life, Whitney.

Whitney: And what
about the baby's life?

Theresa: Don't say
that, okay? I have to think about this some other way. I can't think about this
being a baby.

Whitney: But that's
exactly what you have to do, Theresa.

Theresa: Whitney! I
haven't had time to accept that i'm pregnant. How am i supposed to think of
this baby of it's actually being a baby?

Whitney: I don't
know. I don't know, Theresa, but i'm afraid you're gonna have to.

Theresa: Look, all
I know right now is that I can't hurt Ethan. I can't focus on anything else.
And I can't bear the thought of losing him.

Whitney: But see, that's
exactly the problem, Theresa. You're in denial about what you're planning on
doing. But at some point, Theresa, it's going to hit you and then what are you
gonna do?

Theresa: I don't
know, Whitney. I can't think about that now. I'll completely lose it if i do.

Whitney: But don't
you see? You're already thinking about it, Theresa. You thought about it when
you ordered orange juice instead of your usual morning coffee. On some level,
Theresa, you are thinking about the well being of your baby.

Theresa: No, stop
it. Whitney, stop calling it a baby. I can't handle it.

Whitney: Theresa,
you've got to face the reality of this. And the reality of this is that you
can't go through with this. Because if you do you're going to regret it for the
rest of your life.

Miguel: Maybe
Charity is trying to avoid me.

Jessica: That's
ridiculous. Why would she avoid you?

Miguel: I don't
know. Maybe she's mad at me. I mean, she dumped out the hot chocolate that i
bought her last night.

Simone: That was
kind of strange. Maybe someone is influencing her. Making her act weird towards
you.

Miguel: But who? I
mean, who would want to do something like that?

Kay: Hey, guys.

Simone: I know
exactly who.

Charity: Hey.

Miguel: Hi.

Charity: I'm so
happy to see you. I really missed you last night.

Miguel: I missed
you, too. I love you, Charity.

Timmy: What's going
on, tabby? Timmy thought Charity was supposed to do whatever Kay wants.

Tabitha: She is, Tim
Tim. She's just making sure nothing goes wrong this time. It may take time but
Kay is going to get her man.

Simone: Charity and
Miguel look happier than ever.

Kay: Well, why
wouldn't they be?

Simone: Well,
Charity wasn't acting herself yesterday and i just figured you had something to
do with that.

Kay: That's crazy, Simone,
how could I possibly influence what Charity says or does?

Simone: Knowing
you, I wouldn't put anything past you.

Kay: Thanks for the
support.

Simone: Well, it
doesn't matter now, does it? Charity and Miguel are fine and you know, it was
very nice of you to bring her over here. Miguel really missed her.

Kay: You know what,
Simone? I am nice. I've changed. I wish that you would realize that.

Pilar: Will you
light that candle for Sheridan?

Luis: No, mama. I can’t.
I have to start accepting that Sheridan is gone and she's not coming back. And
you have to start accepting that Antonio's not coming back either.

Brian: Everything
looks clear, no storms are brewing on the horizon.

Diana: Great. That
means that we can leave right away. There's nothing keeping us from going to
Harmony now.

Brian: It looks
that way. We can leave any time.

Diana: This is
going to be such a great trip. I just know it. I have such a strong feeling
that Harmony has something in store for both of us.

Brian: That's
exactly what I'm afraid of.

Whitney: Theresa, i
know you're in a very tough spot. And it must seem like there's no other way
out of this, Theresa, but--

Theresa: There
isn't, Whitney, believe me. Okay, I've thought of everything and it just comes
back to this one option and that is having an abortion.

Whitney: You know
what? I know you so well. And you may not be able to see this clearly now but
this will destroy you. The same way if you lost Ethan it would destroy you.

Theresa: Whitney,
look, i told you. I can't listen to lectures now. I can't think about what this
means.

Whitney: Where are
you going?

Theresa: I have an appointment at the women's clinic. I'm going to have an
abortion.













  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Wednesday 12/19/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;

Wednesday 12/19/01
  By Amanda
&nbsp;

  Tabitha: And soon it'll be
adios, Miguel. And of course, Charity's rejection of him will absolutely shatter
his heart. And guess who'll be there to pick up the pieces and console him?


 Timothy: Kay?

 Tabitha: Yeah! Oh it's a sweet plan, isn't it,
Timmy?

 Timmy: Except, what about the real charity?
Trapped in that block of ice. Inside that cave! Timmy hates to even think about
it.

 Timmy: Is she still alive?

 Tabitha: Just frozen stiff, lad!

 Timmy: It really upsets Timmy.

 Tabitha: Well you better get used to it, lad,
because charity's going on in that block of ice for a long time. And I'm talking
forever!

 Timmy: Don't say that Tabitha!

 Tabitha: She's as good as gone. Which means that
she'll never be able to destroy us with her powers!

 Luis: I'm not going to light this candle for
Sheridan, ma. Sheridan is gone! All right? She's never coming back. She's dead,
I have to accept that. The same way that you have to accept that Antonio’s never
coming home.

 Pilar: Luis, I believe in miracles, and I have
faith in the power of prayer.

 Luis: Well ma, this isn't about faith.

 Pilar: I'm never going to give up hope, and I
have this feeling that your brother will be coming home to us, soon. Antonio
will be home for Christmas.


 Hank: I did hear right? Antonio's coming home?


 Pilar: Yes, he called me last night after all
these years.

 Hank: I can only imagine what that must have
meant to you, pillar.

 Pilar: And that's not all, hank. Luis heard
Sheridan’s voice.

 Hank: What?!

 Pilar: Yes. I believe that there's a chance that
Sheridan may be coming home, too.

 Sheridan: Well, the weather report says that it
is calm and clear all the way up the coast. So there is nothing stopping us from
going to Harmony now. And maybe once we get there, you'll change your mind and
get in touch with your family.

 Brian: Yeah, we'll see.

 Sheridan: Anyway, i really feel that Harmony holds something for
me. I mean, it could be the key to getting my memory back. Going there could
change my entire life!

 Liz: I think it could change your life, too,
brain. That's what you're afraid of, isn't it?

 Theresa: No, this is the only way. All I can do
to keep Ethan from finding out the truth is to have an abortion.

 Ethan: Theresa. What are you doing here?

 Theresa: Uh...

 Ethan: At the abortion clinic?

 Theresa: Ethan, i came to get some information for a friend.


 Ethan: You're lying.

 Theresa: No.

 Ethan: Whitney called. She told me everything.
You're pregnant with Julian’s baby.

 Theresa: Ethan --

 Ethan: No, I don't want to hear any more of your auto lies. Your
terrible secrets. You were getting your annulment when i asked you point blank,
&quot;did you sleep with julian?&quot; You said no. And I asked you if there
was anything else you were keeping from me, and you told me there wasn't. But
now I know there is! It's something so repugnant --

 theresa: Please, you've to listen to me --!


 Ethan: No, you're carrying the child of the man i once thought was
my father! You made love to Julian!

 Theresa: No, Ethan, you have to let me explain
--

 Ethan: No, I want to hear any more of your lies!


 Theresa: But it's not what you think!

 Ethan: Yes it is. And I don't want to hear you
say anything else. In fact I don't ever want to see you again. Because it is
over, Theresa. It's all over.

 I would hold the hand of the one

 who could lead me places

 and kiss the lips of the one,

 who could sing so sweet

 and i

 would fly on the wings of a bird

 i knew you

 could take me highest

 breathe in it breathe out

 give me a light

 you are the fire burning

 inside of me

 you are my passion for life.

 Theresa: It can't be over. I love you.

 Ethan: Theresa, you don't now the first thing
about love.

 Theresa: But I'll do anything.

 Ethan: I will never marry you, Theresa. Never.


 Whitney: Theresa.

 Theresa: Whitney.

 Whitney: I was calling your name but you were a
zillion miles away.


 Theresa: I wish... Look, if you came here to
talk me out of it, well you're wasting your time. Because I've made up my mind,
okay?

 Whitney: I didn't come here for that. Theresa, i've said all i can
say. You know how i feel. This is all up to you now. But I do have to say that
i think you should let your conscience be your guide.

 Chad: Yo. You're about the last person i figured on finding here.


 Ethan: What's up, Chad?

 Chad: What's going on, dude?

 Ethan: It's cute, isn't it?

 Chad: Wait a minute, you're looking at baby
toys? It's true?

 Ethan: What's true?

 Chad: Theresa's really pregnant?

 Simone:: What are you doing, Kay?

 Kay: What's it look like I'm doing? I'm giving
Miguel his Christmas present. It's two tickets to the nutcracker. I have to give
it to him tonight because the performance is before Christmas, so --

 simone: Just when i thought that you were going to give up going
after Miguel.

 Kay: Wait. What exactly is that supposed to
mean?

 Simone: Oh, come on, Kay. Everybody knows that
you love the nutcracker, especially Miguel! You're counting on him to use that
extra ticket to take you.

 Kay: Oh, you are so off on this. What's the
envelope say? Read it and weep.

 Simone: &quot;Miguel and charity.&quot;

 Kay: It's for both of them. It's not some trick that i cooked up to
try to get Miguel to take me instead of her. And I'm sorry to disappoint you, Simone.
I'm really sorry that I'm not devious person that you think i am, but I've
changed. Okay? If you don't realize that it's just too bad.

 Simone: Forget it. I'm sorry.

 [Kay thinking]: No, this is the new Kay. The one
who gets everything she wants. Because I have charity -- or at least who
everyone else thinks is charity -- on my side.

 Timmy: That Kay is such a liar!

 Tabitha: [Giggling] isn't she, though? I'll have
to put a word in for her with our friends in the basement. I'm sure they could
put her to good use. After all, she is a Standish woman. She has powers. Though,
of course, she's not aware of them, and they're not as strong as charity's.


 Timmy: After Kay gets Miguel, she won't be interested in working
for those meanies in the basement.

 Tabitha: I'm afraid she won't have a choice,
lad. She used the book of spells. And she called on the dark side for help.
That's tantamount to selling your soul. Oh, no. Kay owes them. And this is a
debt she's going to have to pay.

 Timmy: It won't be like what happened last tithe
time, will it, tabby?! Hell in the closet! The house sinking into the ground?!


 Tabitha: Oh, this time it could be much worse, tim tim. Much worse.



 [Giggling]

 you are my passion for life a

 Miguel: You should have seen mama's face. The
look in her eyes.

 Reese: Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa. Hold on a
minute. You said your mom thinks she heard from Antonio?

 Miguel: My mama said that she was sure.

 Simone: And Luis got on the phone and heard
Sheridan’s voice?

 Jessica: But Sheridan’s dead. I mean --

 Kay: Yeah, and Antonio’s been gone for years.


 Miguel: I know it all sounds crazy, but Luis and
mama that's they were sure.

 Reese: Well maybe shared stand isn't dead. Maybe
an evil witch cast a spell to take her away from Luis.

 Jessica: Oh, Reese.

 Reese: An evil spell to separate two lovers, to tear 'em apart.


 Simone: You are never going to give up on this
stuff, are you?

 Miguel: That is it, Reese. No more talk about
witches and spells.

 Tabitha: Oh, damn than Ross. He'll foul
everything up!

 Timmy: Reese is closer to the truth than he
knows.

 Tabitha: Oh, tell me about it. When i think of all the spells i
cast down through the century, trying to keep Sheridan and Luis apart, dooming
their relationship in every lifetime they've had, i'm exhausted just thinking
of all the work i've put in.

 Timmy: Does princess really think it was
Sheridan on the phone?

 Tabitha: No. Even if it were, it doesn't matter.
Luis and Sheridan’s relationship is still finished. Remember? I added an extra
player to the mix back when those two were on the titanic.

 Timmy: That ship's officer.

 Tabitha: Yes. A man who'll ensure that Sheridan and Luis stay
apart. A man who'll always be there to come between them. And this time it'll
be a little more interesting, because i added a little twist.

 Timmy: What does tabby mean?

 Tabitha: The man's identity.

 [Giggling] oh, it's almost too delicious, Timmy.


 Timmy: Why? Has Sheridan met the man in this
lifetime yet?

 Tabitha: Oh yes. Oh, yes, she's with him now
even as we speak.

 Timmy: Who is this man, tabby?

 Tabitha: Antonio Brain Lopez Fitzgerald. Luis'
brother!

 Timmy: What?

 Sheridan: Well, even though i don't have that many clothes, I guess
I should take everything.

 Brian: Why?

 Sheridan: If everything goes the way I hope it does, I won't be
coming back here again. I'll stay with my family. Or my loved ones. If i even
have a family. It's such a strange feeling, Brian.

 Brian: What, do you mean having amnesia?

 Sheridan: Yeah, who am I? Where do i belong? Why do i have this sense
that going to this town, Harmony, will put the missing pieces of my life back
together? I mean it could change everything for me!

 Brian: What is it?

 Sheridan: I'm nervous. Excited but nervous. What
if I'm wrong? What if Harmony doesn't mean anything to me at all?

 Brian: Look, Diana, we'll just have to wait and
see. I mean --

 Sheridan: I still won't know who I am or where I
belong. What then?


 Brian: You'll always have the island. And you'll
always have me. I promise, I’ll always be here for you. Always.

 Hank: You didn't just say -- I mean, how could
that be Sheridan’s voice on the phone?

 Luis: I could have sworn that i heard Sheridan’s voice. All right,
how can that? How can that be possible? Sheridan is with my brother? It doesn't
make sense. Any of it.

 Hank: Unless...

 Luis: Unless we wanted to hear them so bad that
we imagined it that what you're going say?

 Hank: Yeah.

 Luis: I thought of that, too. And it makes
sense. But still, it --

 Pilar: I don't believe it. I told you, it's a
miracle.

 Hank: You agree with her, Luis? Is it a miracle?


 Chad: So you and Theresa are going to have a
baby?

 Ethan: No. No, we're not. Look, Theresa isn't
pregnant. Look, that was just Lynn jumping to conclusions with Theresa being
nauseous. She got sick this morning, too. She's probably just coming down with
something.

 Chad: Oh, all right. So, so she's not pregnant.


 Ethan: No, she's not. Look, Theresa told me she
wasn't pregnant.

 Chad: So then what 'ya doin' here, man?

 Ethan: I'm picking out some toys for the children's home. You know,
it was Sheridan’s favourite charity. Christmas is kind of rough for those kids,
so i just want to make sure they don't feel forgotten.

 Chad: No, i know what that's like. Although at the same time it
dude, I mean its kind of hard to feel forgotten when there's nobody around to
forget you, you know what I mean? Hey, anything that needs doing for the
children's home, count me in. As a matter of fact I think I'm going to pick up
a couple of things for the kids myself.

 Ethan: You're a good man, Chad.

 Chad: Ah. Oh, hey man, i almost forgot why i'm here. I've got pick
up something for Beth, a present she ordered for her niece.

 Ethan: Oh. The holidays are great, aren't they?
We are going to celebrate a ton this year. And we are going to put the biggest
smiles on these kids' faces.

 Chad: You really like kids, huh?

 Ethan: Yeah, I'm crazy about them. I can't wait until Theresa and i
have some of our own. Although now's not the time. But you know, a part of me wishes
that Theresa were pregnant. But that's impossible.

 Theresa: I, uh, i have an appointment.

 Name number.

 Theresa: When i called they said i only had to give my first name.


 That's right.

 Theresa: It's Theresa.

 Yes. Here we are. The counselor will be with you
soon.

 Theresa: Counselor?

 Anyone considering terminating a pregnancy must
meet with the counselor first. To be certain the choice they're making is right
for them.

 Theresa: But I've already made up my mind.


 The counselor will discuss all the options you
have available to you.

 Theresa: There are no other options.

 Why don't you take a see the and a counselor
will be with you soon.


 Theresa: Okay. Thank you.

 Whitney: I think it's good that you're seeing a
counselor, Theresa. Maybe she'll make you see that there are other choices.
Something better for you.

 Theresa: I wish there were, Whitney. I mean i've dreamed all of my
life about having a baby. If only Ethan were the father, not Julian.

 Whitney: But it's your baby, too, Theresa.


 Theresa: I know. And that's what makes this even
harder. I don't want top do this. I just don't see any other solution.

 Whitney: Just... Please, just be open to what
the counselor has to say.

 Theresa: I will be.

 Whitney: Okay.

 Theresa?

 Theresa: Yeah?

 The counselor is ready to see you.

 Brian: I know you're hoping thing also work out
for you in Harmony. But if they don't, you still have me.

 Sheridan: You've been so wonderful, Brian. I'll
always be grateful to you.

 Liz: Hey. Anyone up for a sea voyage? What's
going on here? You both look so serious.

 Sheridan: I was just thinking about what if i get to Harmony and it
means absolutely nothing to me.

 Liz: Oh, come on. You can't give up hope now.
Look, the way I figure it, you and Brian will hit Harmony around Christmas. And
Christmas is the time for miracles. So who knows what'll happen.

 Sheridan: You're right. I should be optimistic.


 Liz: Yeah. The glass is always half full, honey.
Half full.

 Sheridan: I have to remember that.

 Liz: Oh, I got what you asked me for.

 Sheridan: Thank you. Actually it's not for me.
It's for you, Brian.


 Brian: For me?

 Sheridan: It's a Christmas present. For your
mother. I'm hoping that when you get to the states you'll see her. Because I
know she would love to see you.

 Brian: I don't think that's such a good idea.


 Sheridan: Why not?

 Brian: Because I told you, when i called the house, i could hear my
brother railing me in the background. Look, last night i also had dream. A
dream that my brother told me that if I came home, i was only going to break my
mother's heart again.

 Sheridan: Well, don't listen to your brother. Even in your dreams.
He's just a judgmental jerk. And you know, if i ever see him i'm going to tell
him exactly what i think of him!

 Brian: Yeah, well you're not going get that
chance.

 Sheridan: Well you never know. You might change
your mind. You should not let someone like your brother keep you from seeing
your mother.

 Hank: Don't you believe in miracles, Luis?


 Luis: Yeah. Yeah, I guess I do. But this is
beyond miracles. This is impossible.

 Pilar: Luis, think back to last Christmas when
you thought Sheridan was dead and then she wasn't. And then when she was in the
hospital. What did the doctors tell you?

 Luis: The doctors didn't hold out much hope for
her.

 Pilar: Right. And then at Christmas Eve in the
church she came to you, Luis.

 Luis: Yeah. Yeah, I remember very well. It was the first time I
told her i loved her.

 Pilar: That was a miracle, son.

 Luis: But ma, this is a totally different
situation. Sheridan wasn't really dead. The FBI wanted to take down the drug
cartel and they faked her death. This time she is dead. She was cremated.

 Pilar: Was she?

 Luis: Yes. Her fingerprints and dental records match, and i have to
accept the reality.

 Pilar: Well, who knows what's real. I need to
put these in the recycling bin.

 Luis: I'll get it.

 Pilar: No, I don't mind, really. Besides, i want to get some air.


 Hank: I've been sitting here, listening to everything. You know
what a realist I am. I never believed in spiritual or mystical stuff. But if
there are such things as miracles, then who better for them to happen to than
your mother and Sheridan? Pilar is the most selfless person i've ever known in
my life. And Sheridan, Sheridan was a kind, loving woman. I'm not saying i
believe that she's alive or that there's any hope of Antonio coming home. But
if there is a miracle in the works, then your mother and Sheridan are the kind
of people they happen to.

 Reese: I'm telling you, a witch and maybe her
little doll cast a spell to keep Luis and Sheridan apart.

 Jessica: You're really starting to lose it,
Reese.

 Reese: All right, scoff if you will, but one of these days i'm
going to prove that I'm right. Tabitha Lenox is a witch.

 Tabitha: Dream on, Ross, you little twerp.


 Reese: You know, it is a distinct possibility
that Sheridan is still alive. I wouldn't be surprised if she was on her way back
to be Luis right now.

 Miguel: I thought there was an evil spell trying
to keep them apart.

 Reese: I may have a scientific mind, but i'm a romantic at heart.


 Kay: Reese.

 Simone: Sure you are.

 Reese: I believe in the power of love. That no
evil spell can keep two people who truly love each other apart forever.

 Kay: [Screaming]

 Miguel: Hey, what's wrong?

 Jessica: Are you all right?

 Timmy: What's going on?

 Tabitha: That klutz Kay dropped her glass. Oh
my, charity's in the ice cube.

 Timmy: Which charity?

 Tabitha: The real one. The one trapped in the
block of ice in the cave.

 Timmy: Oh poor charity! Timmy hates this!

 Reese: What was it, Kay?

 Kay: I thought I saw a mouth over there. No,
Miguel, don't! It's class, I don't want you to cut yourself up --

 Reese: Kay! You almost stepped on my hand!


 Kay: Sorry.

 Reese: What's that?

 Kay: Oh, nothing. It's just an ice cube.

 Theresa: This is my best friend, Whitney. I
wanted her to be here with me, if that's okay.

 Counselor: Of course it is. Now I'm not here to
tell you what to do, Theresa. I only want to be certain that you've completely
thought this through and that you've made your decision, fully aware of all of
your other options.

 Theresa: It's just so complicated. I, i went down to the islands to
convince a man to take his son back into the family.

 Whitney: This man got her drunk, married her,
and then had sex.

 Theresa: I thought that i was making love to the son. He's my fiancé.
But it was just a fantasy. It was a, it was a dream. Thank you. And when i woke
up, I was in bed with that other man.

 Counselor: And you weren't on birth control.


 Theresa: No.

 Counselor: So you're pregnant with his child.


 Theresa: If my fiancée finds out, he'll know that i wasn't honest
with him, because i didn't tell him what happened, and he'll never forgive me.


 Counselor: Sounds like very difficult situation.


 Theresa: Abortion is against everything that I believe in. But this
pregnancy will hurt the man that i love so much, it'll end our relationship.


 Counselor: Have you consider adoption or
allowing the biological father raising the child?

 Theresa: Yes, i have considered adoption, but then i would have to
go away to have the baby and hide the pregnancy, and then i would is really to
explain to my fiancée why i left. And as for the father raising this baby, no.
Never. His values are too... Warped. There is no way I'd ever let Julian raise
this child.

 Counselor: Well only you know which choice is best for you. I'm
going to give you some literature to read so that you can look at the various
other options open to you. I'll be back. If you have any doubts, Theresa, any
doubts at all, i strongly advise you not to go through with this.

 Tabitha: Oh that Ross! Going on about true love
winning out over spells, bringing lovers back together. Oh, who rot! I'm afraid
he's got to Kay. She's looking very worried.

 Timmy: Maybe she'll give up on getting Miguel
and thaw out the real charity.

 Tabitha: She better not or it'll be you and me
in the deep freeze!

 Kay: Charity? Can I talk to you for a minute? We're going to forget
our little plan for right now. See, i feed to speed things up a little bit, so
i want you to do something to push Miguel away from you today.

 Charity: Anything you want, Kay. Tell me...


 [Snap]

 charity: It's done.

 Kay: Good. Here's what we're going do.

 [Whispering]

 Brian: Diana's not here?

 Liz: No, she went outside. I think she's still
nervous about making the trip.

 Brian: That's understandable, considering she's
almost drowned twice.

 Liz: And you're nervous, too, aren't you?

 Brian: Me?

 Liz: Yeah. About seeing your family. Diana
doesn't know that they're in Harmony, does she?

 Brian: No, and I don't want her to know.

 Liz: Brian, whatever you're running from, isn't
it time you stopped? Come on, this is a perfect opportunity to end it. Fate is
sending you to Harmony for a reason.

 Brian: Fate? I'm returning some woman's boat,
Liz.

 Liz: It's more than that, and you know it.


 Brian: Look, I'm happy here on this island. My
life is fine.

 Liz: No it isn't, Brian. You want more. We all
do it. Nobody wants to be away from the people they love. Go see your family.
See what happens. Brian, you never know.

 Sheridan: Dear God, please, help me find out who i am. If i belong
in Harmony. Who I belong with.

 [Luis thinking]...

 Hank: I'm not saying i believe that she's alive, or that there's
any hope of Antonio coming home. But if there is a miracle in the works, then
your mother and Sheridan are the kind of people they happen to.

 Pilar: Have faith, Luis. Have faith.

 Chad: What is that, a teddy bear? What's it
doing in there by itself? Who's that for?

 Ethan: For our first born. I know Theresa will
love it. We can't wait to get pregnant, you know?

 Catherine: Hey Ethan, Chad.

 Ethan: Catherine! John!

 Chad: Hey, merry Christmas, guys.

 John: Merry Christmas. You two shopping?

 Ethan: Yeah, what else?

 Catherine: What a coincidence. We just saw
Theresa a little while ago on fourth street.

 Ethan: Oh, no kidding.

 John: Hey, listen, we'd love to chit-chat but
we've got about a gazillion hours of shopping to go, right? So, uh, merry
Christmas.

 Catherine: Merry Christmas.

 Ethan: Merry Christmas.

 Chad: Merry Christmas, guys.

 Ethan: Wow. I wonder what Theresa’s doing on
fourth street.

 Chad: I don't have a clue.

 Ethan: At least i know where she is.

 Chad: Yeah.

 Ethan: Hey what do you say, let's go over there
and surprise her.

 Chad: Sure.

 Theresa: None of these options work for me.


 Whitney: Just keep be looking.

 Theresa: But no matter what Ethan will find out
that i'm pregnant. And I'll lose him.

 Whitney: Theresa, remember what the counselor
said. If you have any doubt what's over --

 theresa: I know. I know, don't do it.

 Counselor: I brought the consent and release
forms. Now these for you to take with you. If after you've read all of the
literature and considered your option you decide to terminate the pregnancy,
you're going to need to sign these and make an appointment.

 Theresa: Well, I, um... I don't need to take
these with me. Because I've made up my mind. I'm going to go through with it.
It's the only way.

 Luis: Sheridan, I’ll always love you.

 [Door closes]

 Luis: Hi.

 Pilar: Never give up hope. Miracles do happen.


 Luis: I don't know, mama. I just don't know.


 Pilar: Just has faith. I'm going to go check on
the kids.

 Luis: Okay.

 [Knocking]

 Luis: Beth, hey.

 Beth: Hello.

 Luis: What's up?

 Beth: I just talked to Liz, you know, the lady
who owns the hotel down in the islands?

 Luis: And your boat?

 Beth: They're setting sail tonight. So the
people bringing it up should be here for Christmas.

 Luis: That's great.

 Beth: Yeah.

 Luis: Look, i really apologize for not being
able to bring it backs myself.

 Beth: Forget it.

 Luis: I don't know, it's just that I felt
strange down there. You know? I... Kept sensing Sheridan’s presence everywhere.
You know, it was like she was alive. I know, it sounds crazy --

 Beth: No, it's okay.

 Luis: I just wish i knew more about the island.


 Beth: Hey, well we're still on for dinner with
the two people bringing the boat back. So maybe they'll have the answers you're
looking for.

 Liz: I just spoke to the woman who owns the
boat.

 Brian: Yeah, so what's the deal?

 Liz: Well she's not sure if she's going to be in
town when you guys arrive, so she gave me the name of someone to contact when
you get there.

 Brian: Yeah, who's that?

 Liz: Luis Lopez Fitzgerald.

 Sheridan: All ready to set sail. Do you have the
exact location of where we're supposed to take the boat?

 Brian: Yeah. Yeah, I know the location.

 Timmy: What are Kay and that zombie charity
going to do now?

 Tabitha: No idea, lad. No idea. But I'm sure
it'll be an absolute delight, because Kay’s a very creative girl.

 [Giggling] oh, Timmy this is almost as good as last night when that brat
turned into an ice cube. I can't wait to see what's going to happen next.

 [Timmy thinking]: Timmy doesn't like this. In
fact Timmy doesn't think he can take it anymore. Timmy’s goes to do something to
save his sweet charity.

 Reese: We are totally tinseled!

 Pilar: [Laughing] yes. Oh, it's beautiful!
Absolutely beautiful, guys!

 Hank: Strategically placed for optimal kiss
capability. Charity?

 Charity: I think you know what it means when two
people are caught under the mistletoe.














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site





















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Friday 12/21/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Friday 12/21/01
  By Suzanne Lanoue

Sorry Guys this is the way
that passions came through on my card, I hope you can tell who is who since
you’re passions fans :)And charity would be free. It was a good idea if you want to die at your young but you know perfectly
well that if charity were
free, she'd go straight back to Miguel. They'd get married. They'd make love,
and they'd be curtains for
you and me. You've told me 10,000 times. Why can't you get it through your thick head? What are you doing up here
anyway? H'mm? I wanted to see what the magic has to say about -- no, Timmy, you mustn't. Timmy, now you've done it! You make the best hot chocolate in the world. Even no offense to the cafe.
I agree. Her hot chocolate is the best. Thank you. I always hoped you would share your recipe with me, Pillar. I would even give
you a commission. I'm flattered. Really i am. But the recipe's a family secret. You made it tonight because you think Antonio are coming home, right? Well, it's one of Antonio’s favorites. I know. I know how much it would mean for you for Antonio to suddenly show up
before
Christmas. I haven't forgiven Antonio for abandoning his family after papa
disappeared. The church teaches forgiveness. Luis told me about the phone call you got. He said you heard Antonio’s voice?
I heard him very clearly. - median -- and then Luis got on the phone and heard Sheridan’s voice. It wasn't Sheridan. We all know Sheridan’s not alive. It just doesn't make any sense. How could I have heard a -- Antonio’s voice
on the same call Luis
heard Sheridan’s voice? It's wishful thinking. Maybe it's a sign they're coming home. I pray that real soon Antonio will
walk through the front
door and bring Sheridan with him. That would definitely be a miracle. I believe in miracles, Luis. I can almost sense i'm getting close -- I can
almost sense them getting
closer to home. That smells like hot chocolate. That's exactly what it is. My mother's secret recipe. Oh, my goodness. This is fantastic. It's the best I ever tasted. I'm glad you hike look -- you like it. She uses a secret ingredient. Cinnamon. How do you know that? I don't know how i know anything. I have mania. I'm glad you can laugh about it. I can't spend my life whining. It's my ma's secret recipe. Oh, my goodness. It's the best i ever had! nana, what is it? Did you remember something new? Yeah, i just had another memory. I love drinking hot chocolate with his
mother in the kitchen. It
was so real. You seem to be having more and more memory flashes lately. I know. It's the closer we get to Harmony, the more memories i have. Maybe it
does mean
something to me. Maybe the key to my past is in Harmony. Hello, Mrs. Crane. Jerry, thank goodness. I thought you were going to be late. I came as quickly as i could. She should be here any minute. Did you give her any information why you're flying her here from Bermuda. I said it was urgent and i would make it well worth her while. This maid is
my very best hope. If she
can verify the woman in bed with Julian was Teresa, then Ethan will know that
Teresa’s carrying
Julian’s baby. For give me, you don't even know for sure that she is pregnant. All you have
are your suspicions
and a teenager's member nation. How to you know it's your ex-husband's child?
I have more than charity's premonitions, jerry. I have my own very good
maternal instincts. I
know Teresa has a secret. And my instincts tell me she's pregnant with Julian’s
child. I will not let her
marry my son. I will stop her if it's the last thing i ever do. Teresa, why you crying? I bought this teddy bear to make you smile.
Sweetheart, what is it? I think I know Teresa’s secret. I just came to see what it is. what did i do? Nothing. Ethan, nothing. It's just that -- it's Christmas, you know.
Everybody gets emotional
during Christmastime. Yeah. Hey, can i talk to you for a second? Sure. She's okay. Teresa, you have to pull yourself together or Ethan will know
something's wrong. He can't. You don't think so? You hear a teddy bear say mama and you fall apart?
Ethan's not stupid. I know, okay? Coming from the clinic knowing i made an appointment to have a
-- it's too much
for me. In a way i'm glad he gave you the teddy bear. You have an actual, real live,
growing baby inside of
you Teresa. No, i can't think of this as a baby. I can’t. Well, it is. If you can't accept that, then you're in major denial. Not now, okay? I have to do something and fast. I can't let Ethan know i'm
pregnant. Ivy, she's
always watching me, looking for any signs that i'm keeping a secret. It won't take long since you will be showing soon. I have to take care of this situation before i marry Ethan and before she
finds out anything. I just that woman would hurry up and get here. If you're so sure your instincts are right, why do you need that maid from
Bermuda? I have to be very, very careful the way i reveal Teresa’s condition. The last
time when it came out
that Teresa had e-mailed my personal letter to the tabloids about Ethan’s true
paternity -- i don't care
what anybody says, i know she did it -- Ethan blames me. In essence he shot the
messenger. So the maid will be the messenger this time. Yes. Oh, Teresa’s very cunning. She's very clever the way she manipulates
Ethan. She gets what
she wants by playing on his good heart and his willingness to believe the best
in me. It sounds like you know this girl well. I know her very, very well, that lying little tramp. I'm not going to let her
marry my son and ruin
his life. You're going to tell Ethan what the maid saw? No, jerry. I have to be much more subtle than that. I'm going to have him
workup here at the
house and she can let it slip that she saw Teresa in bed with Julian and you can
back the story up. Happy to be of help. Thank you, jerry. You know, i don't think it's going to take too long for
this whole scenario to
unfold. Ethan told Teresa he can't stomach any more lives. She swore she didn't
have sex with Julian.
If the maid puts the two of them in bed together, it will be the end of this
whopping relationship
between my son and that little witch once and for all. You seem convinced you learned something about your past in Harmony. I don't know why. I just hope my feelings are right. Maybe I’ll remember my
family there. I have an idea that'll make you feel pert. Oh? Yeah. It'll be a chance for the two of us to spend some time together. What
is it? I just had another memory, a date with the man i love, on the are of in
Harmony. I'm really
convinced that Harmony could open up my memory. Maybe I’ll even find my family
there. Yeah, well i hope so. You know, i know you're not as hopeful as i am about seeing your family. I
really think you should
be. We'll see. Now that my brother still hates me.

&gt;&gt;&gt; Whatever you decide to do, i know it'll be for the best. I hope so. Remember, it is Christmastime and Christmas is time for family. Maybe it will
soften your brother's
heart towards you and he will be able to forgive you. I don't know about that. I don't think that'll ever happen. We both made wishes on the Christmas star. I really hope our wishes come
true. Yeah, i do too. I hope our wishes come true too, Diana. I hope nothing ever
takes you away from
me. Now you've made it angry. It's mighty temperamental. Tell me about it. Obviously it doesn't feel like answering questions about charity. What are you talking about? ] envying g Mrs. Crane, this is Sheila, the maid from the resort in Bermuda. Hello, Sheila. How was your flight? It was amazing. I've never flown on a private jet before, Mrs. Crane. I was
waited on, served food
and drink. It was incredible. I'm glad you enjoyed it. You know, Sheila, there could be many such flights
in your future, that is if
you can help me with a small problem i have. Oh, i'm happy to help if i can, ma'am. Oh, you can. You see, Sheila, i think my son's fiancé has a secret. I think
she's pregnant but not by
my son. No. The baby that she is carrying is my ex-husband's, Julian crane. Julian crane? He owns the resort where i work. Yes, well never mind about that. When i spoke to you on the phone, i asked
you if you
remembered seeing mar. Crane at the resort and if you remembered seeing a woman
in his bed. Yes. Sheila, i want you to take a look at this picture, and i want to you tell me,
is this the woman you
saw in bed with mar. Crane? Teresa, i think i know why you started crying when i gave you the teddy bear.
You were thinking
about your friend Lynne and her predicament, weren't you? I know how upsetting
it was to find out
she was pregnant and she was considering having an abortion, because i know how
much you're
against it. And, you know, Chad and i went into the family planning clinic
ourselves and we were
looking for you guys. Oh. So i guess, you know, you saw the clinic too, right? And that got you
thinking about how close
Lynne came to ending her pregnancy. You did see the clinic. Well, i thought so. And, you know, just thinking what Lynne was going to do
was enough to make
Teresa sick. I know you think the same way i do. A fetus is a baby, not just a
bunch of cells, right,
Teresa? To think what Lynne almost did to her unborn child. That's why i'm so
glad. When you get
pregnant, i know you will put the baby first. You will never do anything to harm
it. What's wrong now? There's a story to tell and it can only tell the story it wants to tell. The
infamous Paul bernardo
videotapes have been destroyed. Six years after bernardo was convicted of
killing two teenage
schoolgirls -- investigators now say the videotapes and other &quot;sensitive
evidence&quot; no longer exists. O
exists.

We'll have all the day's top stories tonight on global news at 5:30. Now, su-ling
go has today's news
from the world of entertainment.

We'll have more on all the day's top stories tonight at 5:30. Have a great This is the story it wants to tell that they're having hot chocolate? We're just going to watch. Just for a little while. I want to make sure the Christmas decorations are
put up properly he at the
mansion. I still don't understand how you can work for ivy crane after she attacked
Teresa. A wise person once said keeps your friends close to you but your enemies
closer. Unfortunately,
ivy has become Teresa’s enemy. Yeah. She coming home late? Much late. What's he looking at? It's a letter from Sheridan. By Sheridan’s attorney after her death. But in
fact it will make his life
more difficult, and more complicated. I'll see you soon. Good night, pillar. It was just sitting right here. I couldn't help noticing the letter from
Sheridan. Yeah. She said she wanted you to move on with your life if anything ever happened
to her. Are you
ready to do that? And will i be a part of your moving on? That bevy is some nervy chick. She's going after what she wants. I like that. What's he going to do? He still wants Sheridan. He's in a proper pickle, isn't he? He truly believes the love of his life is
dead and now his old
girlfriend wants to start up their relationship again. Oh, Timmy, there's more
in those fragile hearts. It's
Sheridan sailing straight for disaster. I can't wait to get to Harmony. Maybe I’ll remember more about my past. Sheridan can't remember her past? No. She has amnesia. And that's not all, my little stuffed potato. The man
she is sailing with is none
other than Luis' brother Antonio. No way. Yep. And they're sailing straight into Harmony. Of course Luis has no idea
that his brother has fallen
in love with Sheridan. Oh, Timmy, when those two arrive in Harmony, it's going
to be like a Molotov
cocktail exploding. Everyone’s' lives are going to be turned upside-down. Let's not talk about money anymore. I have an interview with a client next
Wednesday. Not so well. Once he realized i used to be a crane, he got nervous. Because you were a crane? Yeah. He's afraid to do anything to upset Julian and Alistair. He decided not
to hire me. That's awful. He didn't even give you a chance? Yeah. I'm afraid i'm going to be facing that a lot. No one wants to be on the
bad side of crane
industries. I'm sorry. It's okay. Don't worry. We'll find something. Hey, look, you're a good lawyer. You have a lot of experience with the crane
industries. You don't
have -- you'll have more time you can handle. Thanks for the vote of confidence, Chad. Chad's right. You will be absolutely fine. You have nothing but good things
in your future. Well, thanks for the support. Look, don't you go worrying i can't make a
living. This is just a minor
setback. I wasn't worried about that. I know you will be a huge success. I plan on having a booming law practice. Before you know it, I’ll get a
house, start a family. I know
how important children are to you. Very important. Me too. So don't worry. Hopefully we won't have to wait too long. I can't
wait to see the look in
your eyes first time you find out you're pregnant. So is this the woman you saw in bed with mar. Crane? Yes, this is the woman i told you about on the phone. I saw her with mar.
Crane. Okay, Sheila, i want you to take a look at this picture of mar. Crane. Are
you sure this is the man
you saw in bed with this woman? Oh, yes, ma'am. I certainly remember the owner of the resort. Okay. Just to be sure about everything, once again, you saw this woman in bed
with mar. Crane. What in God's name?! Yes, they were in bed together. This woman and mar. Crane. I remember it
clearly. Oh, okay. I'm a little curious, are you sure? There was never any other woman
with mar. Crane? I
heard there was another young woman. No, ma'am. This woman was the only woman mar. Crane was with on his last trip
to the resort. Thank you, Sheila. Now, jerry will take you to the service quarters, and you
can find a uniform. Excuse me, ma'am? I would like you to work here at the house for a while, triple what you were
making on the island. I don't know what to say, Mrs. Crane. Don't say anything, Sheila. You're doing me a huge favour. Well, then, thank you. Just go in the hall. Jerry will be right with you. I got her now, jerry!
She's toast. I'm going to get
that witch out of my son's wife once and for all. &gt;&gt; The pain and suffering
away. You can't make it such a – well, i do. The centuries have been breaking up Luis and Sheridan over so
many different lifetimes.
This is a lifetime that they will be finally torn apart forever. I'm sorry. I'm not ready to move on with my life and i don't know if i ever
will be. Of course. I understand. I just thought with Sheridan giving you permission,
almost urging you to
move on might make a difference to you. No, really it doesn't. I was just telling my mother that i don't know if i'm
ever going to be able to
get on with my life. We've had this conversation before. I know. I'm not trying to push you here. Look, hey, if i do decide to move on, you'll be the first person to know,
okay? Don't hold your breath, baby, because Sheridan is heading back to Harmony
full speed. The wind just died. Why? It was fine a minute ago. I don't know. The sea's calm. If the wind doesn't pick up, we'll never make
it to Harmony. They can't stop now. They have to be in Harmony by Christmas. That's my
Christmas present to
myself. So they'll know the pain and suffering when Sheridan and Antonio arrive.
What are they going to do then? I don't know. There's nothing i can do. They need wind. I will give them a
bit of wind. But how? Just listen to me. Hello. This is Ethan. Ethan? It's your mother. Hi, mother. How are you feeling? I feel marvelous. I would love it if you and Teresa could come over right
away. You want us to come to the mansion? Yes. I have something i would like to dipswitch both of you. Yeah, okay, sure. We'll be right there. Bye. Hey, you guys have time to go to
my mother's house?
She wants to talk to Teresa and me. About what? She didn't say. She sounded very happy. It must be something very good. I hope so. What about you? You don't think ivy knows. There's no way, right? I'm not showing. No one saw me. Why do you look so worried just now? Ivy's always looking for a way to take Ethan away from me. I don't trust her.
Let's pray she doesn't find out about this little secret, all right? You ladies ready? Yes, we are ready. Good evening, ivy. How are you feeling? I couldn't be better. Well, you're in a cheerful mood. Any particular reason? Well, i know it may sound hard to believe, but i think my son Antonio will be
coming home for
Christmas. Really. After all these years? Yes. I spoke to him earlier and i really do think he's coming home. Well, if it makes you happy, I'm glad for you, pillar. I thought you would be
happy for a different
reason. A different reason? I thought you might be happy because you're going to be a grandmother. i'm sorry, Beth. I don't want to hurt you. No. Don't worry about it. I may not always like the things you say, but at
least i know you're
honest. I always know where i stand with you. Listen, i better go. Thanks for
the hot chocolate. Yeah. See ya. There's actually one thing i need to do before i go. What's that? That is some chance. I can see i will have to put child-proof locks on all the magical video
devices. There are some things
adults shouldn't see. Did you do what i asked? It is full of water. Thank you, lad. What's it doing? I'm going to give Sheridan and her captain some wind. What's that stuff? I picked it up last time i was in the crane mansion. Watch the screen, Timmy.
Watch the screen. There must be something that we can do. Unless you have a line to mother nature. We can't go anywhere without the
wind. You want wind, baby? I got you wind right here. Where's that wind coming from? I don't know, maybe you do have an in with Mother Nature. It came from right here, Antonio, chap. Now get yourself right back into
Harmony so i can see
some real pain and suffering. I don't understand. I don't know what you're talking about. You don't? No, i don't. Pillar. You are as true a parent. If i had any doubt Teresa was pregnant
before, i certainly don't
now. Your eyes practically came out of their sockets when i called you a
grandmother. Teresa's
pregnant, isn't she? Can i get you anything, Mrs. Crane? No thank you, Sheila. Could you check back with me in a while? Who is that woman, that new maid? Oh, i didn't introduce you. I'm so sorry. Her name is Sheila. I'm the housekeeper. It's my job to hire the staff. You hire her? Yes, i did. She just arrived in the states. She was working down at the crane
resort in Bermuda. Crepe resort? Mm-hmm. In fact, she remembers seeing Teresa there with Julian in a
compromising position. No. That's right, pillar. I have Teresa exactly where i want her, and i have
proof. She's not going to
weasel out of it this time. Ivy, please. You can't do this. Yes, i can. And I will. (Doorbell sounding) that'll be Ethan and Teresa. I
asked them to come right
over. Everything in our lives would be perfect. This is it, pillar. Ethan and Teresa’s relationship is over. Ah, this is the
perfect night. i'm here for you, Luis. I will always be here for you. We were young. Will i ever be able to forget you? Not bloody likely, Luis, especially since very soon you're going to see the
girl in the flesh. And just
wait until you see who she's with, your long lost brother, Antonio. Oh, this is
going to be a blast. Someone's going to be hurt. Everyone. Of course they will, lad. That's the fun of it. I can't wait. I can't wait to see what Harmony has in store for me. I didn't think you would be here. Yes, I'm working. Ethan, did Mrs. Crane say why shed to see us? Teresa, i need to speak with you. Ethan, come in, darling. Whitney, Chad, how are you doing? Hey, Mrs. Crane. How are you all? Where did Teresa go? She went outside to talk to pillar. What's happening? What do you have to
tell us? I just had an early Christmas present for you and for Teresa, and I just
couldn't -- couldn't wait to
give it to her. Did you need me, Mrs. Crane? Yes, Sheila. You have perfect timing. You look upset. Ivy knows. Ivy knows you're pregnant with Julian’s baby.

  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site




















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Monday 12/24/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;
   Monday
12/24/01
--Canada ;  Tues. 12/25/01 --USA
  By Amanda &nbsp;
 Sorry, the names of the characters are not coming through on the
closed-captioning for some reason... I can't think of a better way to spend christmas
than giving grief to all the good people of Harmony.

 you could be out there caroling with those kids.


 Timmy, a real boy with a heart and soul, subject to getting sick or
hurt? You have no idea what you lose by becoming mortal. I know what i'd lose,
my groupie of one. My doll face. My precious Timmy. I have to nip this nonsense
in the bud and fast for both our sakes. Timmy, it's time to talk about the
facts of life, and i don't mean the birds and the bees. How should i know? I'm
a witch. I'm interested in being a boy all after sudden? You're one of a kind,
living doll.

 In other words Timmy --

 it's not what i meant.

 That's how i feel sometimes.

 Are you saying i bore you, Timmy? Watch out, Timmy! (Screaming)


 save us.

 That torch won't do you any good. Xd

 what's going on?

 Run!

 Your day of reckoning has come, Tabitha.

 It comes in more ways than one.

 Tabitha is anything but boring. I'm having so
much fun. Maybe if Timmy was a little boy, he would be having fun like they are.


 I won't listen to this nonsense. You mean to tell me you wish i
gave you a little help to make you human?

 I want the angel girl. I want the angel girl.


 I won't let you. I will not let you make the
biggest mistake of your unnatural life.

 I'll take the hand of one that will take me places


 and kiss the lips of the one that is so free


 am i flying on the wings after bird

 i knew it would take me higher

 breathe in, breathe out

 you are the fire burning

 inside of me

 you are my passion for life

 i'll let you go if you promise not to make that foolish, horrible
wish about being a human.

 I will hold off making the wish but only for a
little while.

 You determined little doll, you. This is going to be harder than i
thought. I'm sorry, Timmy, but you have to be careful what you wish for. Being
human isn't a bed of roses, you know. Death and taxes are just the two of the
neg tuffs and the list goes on. Why don't you make us up a batch of our tea and
we'll discuss it in depth.

 OKay.

 I won't lose my temper. He's been with me
through thick and thin. He's my confidante, my little sounding board. I can't
imagine what life would be without him.

 There are times when i feel alone

 and i'm searching for an open door

 the way to your heart

 through your broken dreams and memories

 lonely days go by

 without you

 christmas eve won't be the same

 without your love

 without your love

 christmas eve won't be the same

 without your love

 without your love

 i'll return to my lonely room

 where i feel i have lost it all

 filled with broken glass

 lonely days go by

 without you

 christmas eve won't be the same

 without your love

 i can't imagine what real life would do to him. My, don't we have a
wonderful life.

 I could see that at thanksgiving.

 You watched that movie when you know i hated it?


 I wonder what it's like --

 they deserve it, the bunch of dead beats. He's
an amateur. I'm a professional.

 People do bad things.

 Pure propaganda.

 Oh, Timmy disbelieves. Timmy wants to be just like mr. Baily with
all his friends around him.

 Oh, gag me with a gumdrop. I hate the end of
that horror flick. I'm going to do my best to protect you from a life of
make-believe miracles.

 Timmy believes in miracles.

 Well, that proves you have batting for brains.
You would still be a bunch of rags and buttons collecting dust if it weren't for
me. I gave you life, Timmy. I gave you life! Grace is going to regret it if she
goes against old Tabitha. Isn't that right, Timmy.

 That's right, Tabitha. We're going to win. We're
going to win. Life with Tabby hasn't exactly been a cakewalk.

 Timmy has to become a real boy and fast. Timmy angel girl. Timmy
angel girl. V envig

 angel girl. Oh, angel girl, i have a christmas wish.


 Not so fast, doll face. You remember all the fun times we had when
we disguised ourselves to wreak havoc on the good people of Harmony? You were
an elf extraordinaire. You remember how we got nick drunk to sabotage the christmas tree?


 Tabitha, you did that to santa?

 Stay quiet. Here you are, santa.

 Oh, thanks. That's quite a kick.

 Like a mean reindeer.

 (Laughing)

 oh, santa --

 this is the best toty i've -- ever --

 he's dead?

 No, of course not. He's just pie-eyed. I've
still got it.

 What time does the elf go to bed?

 Timmy's no elf! And don't you bother coming
back. We don't want you.

 Speak for yourself, Timmy. I happen to have a
weakness for men in red.

 You're weird. OKay. The elf can stay but no kinky stuff.


 Tabby's going to jingle santa's bells. And new year's, Timmy, that
was the night to remember. With me as the grim reaper and you as baby new year.



 &gt;&gt;Y, it's only me.

 I'm sorry. You really scared Timmy. V

 well, it's halloween. Carry about a six foot lethal weapon without
attracting attention. Come on, babycakes. And crashing the cranes' no-go
wedding. That was a hoot as well. You the little rabbi. Remember?

 OKay.

 Well, thank you very much.

 Maybe Timmy should convert.

 From what? Come on, we haven't got time to discussth we have a
wedding to perform.

 I didn't know the cranes were jewish.

 I don't understand. Where's the judge?

 Don't ask.

 Are you telling me we're going to get married by a miniature rabbi?
What's going on here, julian?

 There was even the time when you decided to go
one on one with fluffy.

 That fluffy, he needs to get through to Tabitha.
Let Timmy through. Fluffy. You're getting no toys. Back! Come on. Come on.


 Those were the times. Some were fun. Why do you do bad things to
other people's louvres? He wants to be a little boy, a good boy. Maybe he can
help Tabitha.

 Help me how?

 Once he becomes a little boy, Timmy can help his
princess convert from being a witch into a human. Timmy sees you're surprised.


 Surprised? I'm speechless.

 Cookies for kids. And Tabby can change her
clothes.

 &gt;What's wrong with my clothes?

 Timmy has never mentioned it.

 How's that working by the way?Ci

 right here any moment.

 Well it's good to gather around.

 So what does Tabby think of Timmy's friends? Malls across the city.
If you don't have a gift yet, you have until this evening to find that special
something. Most stores close at 6, including the lcbo outlets and beer stores.
We'll have a live report from the thick of things at 5:30. Meantime, the last
minute shoppers are making this a happier season for toy retailers. Keith
oppenheim tells us why.

 We'll have all the day's top stories tonight at 5:30. Day's top stories
tonight at 5:30. Until then for breaking news and information, log on to our
websiet at canada dot com. Have a good afternoon.

 Your vision of my future came true, i'd want to be dead. My life is
perfect just the way it is. So is yours.

 Timmy doesn't have as perfect of a life.

 I don't know who you are, but i know there is evil in this car. And
i'm here to stop the evil now!

 No! No!

 What are you doing?!

 Turn away from the window, Timmy. Now's your
chance. Hurry before he sees you.

 Yuk.

 Get away. Get away from me!

 Help me. Help me. Help me!

 Hyah!

 So that was exactly perfect. That's part of what makes our lives
non-stop excitement. Listen to me Timmy, before you start wishing to be a real
boy, again, let me remind you of all those things that went right. We'll just
see about that.On all wrapped up with 0% financing and a $500 holiday bonus


 listen to me, Timmy. If you became a live boy,
your life would be dullsville with a capital &quot;d&quot;. You would lose out on the
drama and emotional intrigue that made it a best seller. Take this shocking
secret for the truth that lurks behind Harmony. It's all here.

 That's what makes it so good.

 That's what makes passion so dangerous. If
Harmony gets wind of this book. By the way, it's now available in paperback.
This is a fact, Timmy. You are an adrenaline junkie. You need the rush of life
that Tabby gives you. To think of all the things we accomplished.

 What are you doing?

 If you want to worry about something, worry about this. We're
coming, Timmy. Happy hallow we be, my children. -- Happy halloween, my
children.

 Oh, my God, it's an avalanche! (Screaming)


 what's going on?

 Oh, damian, you demon you! It's been far too long.


 Let's get him!

 Would you look at that. Being sucked in the
bowels of the earth. I wondered what happened for entertainment.

 I can't take it anymore! Get it done and over
with! Oh, my God!

 Now that's what i call entertainment. Don't tell me you'd give all
that up just to become a life boy.

 Tabby has convinced me.

 I'm glad you came to your senses, lad. Why don't
you whip up another batch of martinis and we will celebrate your decision to
stay a living doll, my living doll.

 Tabby help Timmy realized what his life would be. <span
style="mso-spacerun: yes"> 

 I don't understand.

 That's the point of Christmas. You know how much
Timmy loves Tabby. And yet you still trying to zap him like a bug. Timmy doesn't
allow it anymore.


 Doesn't allow it?

 The only way would stay a doll is if Tabby
promises to leave Charity alone.

 Have you forgotten i'm here to stop Charity's goodness? That's my
job. If i don't do it, we're done for.

 But Timmy loves Charity.

 For heaven's sake, that's just a doll's crush on
the brat.

 Timmy loves Charity. Remember all the bad things
Tabby has done to him.

 Good night,y. You will be sleeping for 300 years. Wasn't that fun?
I'll show you powerless! All the forces in the heaven and the universe.

 Might as well give up. Timmy has a special power
of goodness whenever Tabby decides to do bad things to her.

 She's falling!

 Oh, no, go away!

 Did you come to save us?

 Why don't you and your boss just go away and
mind your own business? !

 Not as long as you exist.

 I'm going to wipe that smug little smile right
off your face. My hands. My hands.

 Charity 5, Tabitha, zero, zip, zilch, nada,
nothing, Zippo.

 You want to know what i think of your chant, Timmy?


 Tabitha failed for a reason.

 What reason is that?

 &gt;&gt;Y and Charity are destined to be together. For that to happen, Timmy
has to be a real boy.

 Timmy, i told you, becoming a real boy won't happen just by wishing
it.

 It could ify helps Timmy. It's Christmas and she might be busy.
That's the first sign of becoming a real boy.

 And of me losing you.

 &gt;&gt;Y loves his princess -- Timmy loves his princess. You don't have to
do evil things.

 No, Timmy, I have to be evil. I'm a pawn in the
basement.

 Can't you just be good like the other people
are?

 ***Music is sung as Flashbacks are played. Various Scenes are shown.

 The stars are brightly shining

 on the night of the dear savior’s birth

 long may the world

 fall on your knees sneet and hear the angels calling -- voices


 the night divine

 oh, night

 when Christ was born

 oh, night...

 Divine...

 Oh, night

 oh, night divine

 oh, fall on your knees

 oh, hear the angels voices

 oh, night divine

 Tabitha: I do have joy in my life. I have you in
my life. And doll or boy, you are my precious Timmy.

 Timmy: And Tabby will always be Timmy's
princess.

 &gt;&gt;Timmy:   The holidays of
Harmony are just getting started.

 Tabitha: You will never be turned into a real boy.


 What's your problem, dude?

 This is my girlfriend! You back off!

 There's no way Charity can get out. Miguel's
just as good as mine.

 I know what you're praying for. Praying for a
miracle.

 &gt;Coming to Harmony is going to change my life. Something is
waiting for me there. The key to my past.

 You can't give up on Charity.

 Bring it back to me.

 Christmas is a perfect time for family reunions.


 Please forgive me. I didn't mean to break your
heart.

 My son.

 I can't think of anything that i would choose besides you.


 It's all going to come out now, teresa.

 She doesn't deserve what you have in store for her. It's too cruel.Io


 very soon.

 No, it can't be.

 Using me is one thing but i will not go along with this.


 It's part of our deal now.

 What do you know, it's Julian Crane.

 Who the hell are you?

 I'm antonio fitzgerald.

 I hope you burn in hell.














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site





















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 5.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Tuesday 12/25/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;

Tuesday
12/25/01
--Canada ;  Wed. 12/26/01 --USA
  By Amanda
&nbsp;

 Sorry, the names of the characters are not coming through on the
closed-captioning for some reason... Rub adub, dub, so
much pain in the tub. Did you see how much pain and suffering, Timmy? That's
all the pain -- it seems everything is falling in place.

 They think Sheridan
is dead. But she's a live. Alive and well and sailing into har man -- Harmony
with his long lost brother. But Teresa is freg Nantes with Julian’s baby and
trying desperately to hide it from Ethan.

 I love this story.

 And then the family being
torn apart by that dreadful daisy character who claims to love her husband but
is, in fact, an imposter hired by ivy. And then there's terry, devious terry.
Cast a spell on charity and replaced her with an exact replica, a zombie charity
as you put it. There's a plan to get Miguel. And Miguel, well, that poor boy, he
doesn't have a clue. What are you looking at?

 It's locked. That's turned
into a little boy.

 So?

 So you mean it could happen.
Maybe he could turn into a real boy too.

 Tabitha is going to be so
surprised when she sees all the decorations.

 It's the least we can do.

 I appreciate everything she's
done for our family. I can't wait to get back into our new house.

 Me too.

 Our lives are getting back to
normal. As soon as we have the papers to sign, we can start making plans to get
married again. Hey, what's wrong?

 It's so close to Christmas. I
don't know if we should give the papers right now.

 You didn't change your mind.
You do want your marriage to David annulled.

 She says she admits it. Do
you believe her?

 I don't know.

 I think charity -- why is
charity helping with the decorations?

 I don't know.

 She's been acting so weird
lately. Last night when we were at the pond, she snapped at me and she wouldn't
let me walk her home. Do you have any idea what's going on with her?

 Nobody's ever even
going to know you're not the real charity. How are they going to ask you're a zombie i created by casting a spell? I mean that in the nicest possible way, of course


 whatever. But i do
what you wanted last time.

 Oh, yeah. You definitely
pushed Miguel away. He was really upset when you snapped at him.

 Why did you insist on getting
out of the car before we reached the house? It's freezing out here.

 We were stuck in the car for
hours. I needed some air especially after being locked up in that hotel suite
all night.

 The handcuffs were your were
your idea, my pet.

 I wanted to make sure.

 You succeeded, my Christmas
cookie.

 Speaking of Christmas, i have a surprise for you. To celebrate our first Christmas together as husband
and wife, i left word to have the house decorated entirely to my taste. Every
bit of ivy is to be trashed. I hated what she did to that mansion.

 Something else ivy didn't
mind the full potential of.

 That's what i love
about you. Reaching for my potential.

 Wacky, wacky.

 So, Sheila, is this the woman
you saw in bed with mar. Crane?

 Yes, this is the
woman i told you about on the phone. I saw her with mar. Crane.

 Ivy knows?

 She knows. She knows
everything. She knows who's the father of the baby you're carrying.

 Oh, God no.

 your nose is a little like
Pinocchio’s.

 It's exactly the same.

 I didn't whittle you. I sued
you and stuffed you.

 Whatever. Just like
Pinocchio. And Timmy wants to be a real boy just like Pinocchio.

 Timmy, this is fiction.

 Being unselfish and nice.
That turned Pinocchio into a real boy.

 You're living in a fantasy
world, lad. No matter how brave and unselfish and nice you are, you will never
be turned into a real boy because you're a doll. I'm disappointed in you, Timmy.
We work for the dark side. Have you learned nothing? Our people don't do
anything nice for anybody.

 Sure we do.

 Only if they want something
in return. Nobody cares if you're good, Timmy. There won't be any reward. And
you will never be turned into a real by.

 -- A real boy.

 Of course i want my
marriage to David annulled. You know that, Sam.

 Then let's get it over with,
move on with our lives.

 Okay. I'll have him sign the
papers tonight, and then we can get on with our plan of getting married again.

 Good.

 This should calm her down.
Everything's done.

 Before you go, i
love you.

 I love you too, Sam.


 Hello, grace.

 David.

 I got your message
about the papers and i came straight home.

 Oh, good because i
want you to sign them right away.

 You're making a big mistake,
grace. You don't want to get an annulment. You still love me. I know you dot(

 if Kay is still going why
would she do something nice for him and charity? It doesn't make sense.

 Maybe she has changed, given
up on taking him away from charity.

 I don't know what's wrong
with her.

 She's definitely not acting
like herself.

 That's because she isn't
herself. She's a zombie.

 Miguel, relax. Everybody
knows how much charity adores you.

 She sure isn't acting like
it.

 Maybe you're just being a
little sensitive.

 Really. That's sort of what
she said.

 Well, there you go. Miguel,
trust in your love for her and her love for you, okay?

 Yeah.

 You're going to have a
wonderful time at nutcracker tonight.

 Thanks for setting me
straight.

 Any time.

 Whatever charity
says, tonight will be a special night, for the woman i want to spend the rest
of my life with.

 Tonight is going to be a
special night for the woman you're going to spend the rest of your life with:
Me.

 Mrs. Kramer knows the secret,
the one she wants to tell me?

 She'll be completely
destroyed.

 If it's what i
think it is, she will be destroyed with her. You said something earlier about a
Christmas present. What do you want to give Teresa and me.

 Don't be so eager, Ethan.
You'll get your present. Teresa’s goes to get hers too. You know, i don't
believe you met the new maid. Sheila.

 Yes, mars. Crane.

 I don't believe you've met my
son, Ethan.

 Nice to meet you, Sheila.


 Nice to meet you, sir.

 I can't believe this is
happening, mama.

 Ivy thought of everything.

 It's that maid. She said she
saw me with Julian. How does the maid know my secrets? Did ivy set me up?

 You should have been honest
in the beginning!

 It's too late for that. What
are we going to do?

 Teresa, pillar. Please, come
on in. There's something we need to discuss.

 We have to find out why mom
wanted us to come by.

 Okay. I'm coming.

  &nbsp;

  &nbsp;

 David:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  You still love me, grace. That's why it took
so long to get these annulment papers together.

 Grace:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Annulments take time.

 David:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Not if you really want them.

 Grace:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  David, you're wrong.

 Sam: What the hell are you
doing here? I'm talking to grace. Actually, i'm glad you dropped by. The papers
are already to go. All you have to do is sign them and your marriage to grace
will be over.

 Sam: We're done inside.

 Grace:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Good.

 Sam: As soon as we surprise
Tabitha with the Christmas decorations, you can sign these papers and grace and
I can get on with our lives. As husband and wife.

 Tabitha:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  If you think you're going to be turned into
a real boy for doing something nice or being brave or unselfish, you have
another thing coming.

 Timmy:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  I am unselfish.

 Tabitha:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  But this is the new millennium, Timmy. All
those goodie-goodie things went out the window, down the tubes. Nobody does
anything nice for anyone anymore. Hello, Jessica.

 Jessica: Who were you
talking to just now?

 Tabitha:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Oh, well, I was just rambling on. This old
attic has so many memories for me.

 Ross:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  I bet she was talking to her little doll. I
told you that doll was alive.

 Tabitha:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Would you just drop it?

 Tabitha:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Yes, Ross, drop it. Nobody is interested in
all this nonsense.

 Jessica: Tabitha is the
furthest thing from a witch. She's been so kind to my family.

 Ross:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Okay, okay.

 Jessica:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Anyway we have a surprise for you and we
want to you come down and see it.

 Tabitha:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  I'll be down in a minute, dear.

 Jessica:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Hurry.

 Tabitha:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  What kind of a surprise did the Bennets come
up with now? No doubt more of grace's tomato soup cake.

 Timmy:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Thank you -- probably to thank you for
letting her stay here for all these months.

 Tabitha:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Cold, hard cash would have been nice.

 Timmy:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  You said they were having cake.

 Tabitha:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  I was being gracious. One time I said they
didn't have to pay and they never asked again. Cheapskates. We have to go
downstairs and see what they have in store for us, what surprise.

 Rebecca:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Oh, we didn't quite make it to the shed. I'm
sorry, pooky.

 Julian: We must schedule
another romp Al Fresco. Remind me to tell the gardener to mow the lawn. I find
it lumpy.

 Rebecca: As long as you
don't find me lumpy.

 Julian: Not at all.

 Rebecca:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  I can't wait for you to see how I decorated
the mansion starting with the tree.

 Julian:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Deck the halls.

 Rebecca:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Ivy always did something dreadful with the
tree, fake snow. I want to do something entirely different and new. No!

 Julian: What's wrong?

 Rebecca: This is it. This is
my tree! Excuse me. You over there, aren't you part of the maintenance crew
here?

 Man:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Yes, ma'am.

 Rebecca: Would you please
explain to us what my tree is doing in the trash?

 Man:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Mrs. Crane said she wanted it thrown away.

 Rebecca:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  I am Mrs. Crane.

 Man: Oh, I didn't -- Mrs.
Ivy crane said to toss it.

 Rebecca:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Oh, that bitch! She can not do this to me
and get away with it.

 Theresa: What's going on?

 Pilar: She knows.

 Theresa: Oh, my God, are you
serious?

 Pilar:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  It's all over.

 Ivy:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Listen, everybody, before we get started, I
would like to introduce Theresa to our new maid, Sheila. This is Theresa Lopez
Fitzgerald.

 Ivy: Hi.

 Ethan:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Well, mother, you said something about
Christmas present.

 Ivy:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Okay. One, two, three... Tah-dah!

 Tabitha: <span
style="mso-spacerun: yes"> Oh, my.

 Jessica: <span
style="mso-spacerun: yes"> I knew you'd love it. Now you don't have to
spend all those hours putting up your decorations. We did it for you.

 Tabitha: <span
style="mso-spacerun: yes"> I don't know what to say. I have friends in
the basement will say. It won't be pleasant.

 Timmy: <span
style="mso-spacerun: yes"> Uh-oh.

 Tabitha: <span
style="mso-spacerun: yes"> The pipes are acting up again. I better check
on them again.

 Ross: That doesn't sound
like pipes.

 Tabitha: <span
style="mso-spacerun: yes"> Look, Ross, if there's one thing I know its
bad pipes, so back off!

 Simone: Oh, gosh, it's
getting kind of late. If you want to make it to the nutcracker on time, you
better get going.

 <span style="mso-spacerun:
yes"> I wonder what that girl's up to now. I'm coming.

 I'll run to my house and jump
in the shower and come back and pick you up.

 Fine.

 Miguel, i don't
think you guys have time to do that. If you want to make it on time, you better
meet there.

 Yeah, i guess
you're right. Okay. So I’ll meet you there.

 Mm-hmm.

 Your plan is working
perfectly.

 I know.

 Miguel's going to be mine
soon. Very soon.

 Hello, Timmy. There's a
chance you'll get your wish. Christmas wishes come true. It might be true that
you are a real boy.

 You didn't answer my
question, mother. Why do you want to see us?

 Oh, well, i know
you weren't formally introduced. I thought you might remember Sheila.

 What?

 From the crane resort? She
was a maid there when you and Teresa visited.

 You do look
familiar, but i don't know if I can place you. Sorry.

 That's all right.

 What about you, Teresa? Do
you remember Sheila?

 This is the last straw, ivy!

 Oh, this is
perfect. Two birds with one stone. I can deal with you at the same time i'm
taking down Teresa.

 How dare you throw my tree
into the trash. How dare you do anything in this house. I am a mar. Crane. This
is my house now.

 &gt;What?

 You heard me.
Julian and i are married. Now that i is mistress of the house.

 The hell you are. I don't
care what you call yourself. I am still Mrs. Crane, and this is still my house.
Now we can discuss all of that later. After all, this is the holiday season. My
son and his fiancé are here. I would just like to enjoy the Christmas spirit.
I'm really glad we're all here actually. Come to think of it, the last time that
Ethan and Teresa and Julian were together was down on the island at the crane
resort.

 Yes, i suppose it
was.

 What about you, Julian? You
remember Sheila, don't you?

 She does seem somewhat
familiar. Meet my mom, the psychic.

 well, Julian?

 Well, i vaguely
remember her from the resort.

 It's not over yet. You're
going -- you may as well know everyone's story.

 Pilar, that's not necessary.

 &gt;It won't take
long, Mrs. Crane. Have you ever loved someone with all your heart, someone you
would have done anything for?

 Yes, i have.

 Then you have something in
common with my daughter. Teresa loves Ethan very much.

 I love her.

 Teresa went down to the
island to talk to Mrs. Crane about reinstating Ethan who isn't a crane. I read
about that. That is leaking the story to the tabloid. But it wasn't her fault.

 Pilar, just where are you
going with this? It's hardly keeping with the holiday spirit.

 When Teresa got down to the
island, Julian got her drunk.

 I object to your
characterizing it that way.

 And somehow by mistake, by
some tragic mistake, my Teresa and Julian crane because she was so drunk, she
thought she was actually marrying Ethan. She had no idea she had Julian.


 The idea of airing family
secrets in front of the help.

 I only want Sheila to
understand that people she will be working for.

 Whether does she understand
who signs her chouse?

 Teresa loves Ethan
more than anything. She would never hurt him, ever. They are to be married very
soon. They have their whole life ahead of them. You do understand what i'm
saying, don't you?

 As soon as pillar has
finished her story, perhaps Sheila has a story or two of her own to share.

 Well, i for one
have had enough of stories.

 What about it, Sheila? Do you
remember seeing Teresa with anyone at the resort?

 You really mean it? I can be
a real boy?

 No, Timmy. You will never be
a flesh and blood boy. I won't allow it.

 get out of here. I created
Timmy. He's mine now.

 We are all Gods’ creations.

 No!

 Damn you. You come back here.
Never!

 There is hope, Timmy. There
is hope.

 Just sign all the papers.

 You said you wanted to make
me happy. This will make me happy. My life is with Sam and our children.

 I do want to make you happy,
grace.

 Then sign.

 I don't sign anything without
reading it.

 It's a simple,
straightforward annulment.

 I'm sure it is. But i still don't sign anything without reading it first.

 He's stalling.

 I'm protecting my interests
and grace's. I don't want to do anything rash.

 Look, Sam, it's all right.

 No, it isn't.

 David, why don't you just
take that with you and drop it by later, all right?

 Okay. I'll do that.


 Grace, what was that all
about? Why didn't you just get him to sign the papers and get it over with right
now?

 Sam, it's Christmas. I know
this is hard for David.

 You're too nice.
Look, i have a bad feeling about this guy, a very bad feeling.

 I don't remember seeing
Teresa at the resort.

 I would like you to really
think about this, Sheila.

 I have, Mrs. Crane.


 Are you positive?

 Yes, i am.

 Mother, is there a problem?

 No. No, i just need
to have a word with Sheila alone.

 You're wonderful.
Mom, what you did, i love you.

 I still disapprove of you
lying. Tell Ethan the truth. I have work to do. I want you to be honest with
Ethan. Tell him everything. That's your only hope of keeping him.

 What's happened here?

 Well, i knew it
would be beyond me. Since the accident the behavior has been quite bizarre.

 I will have a few words with
her make sure she knows who the woman of the house is.

 You are. Of course
my little pet. We'll deal with ivy later. What do you say we continue our
honeymoon. We have not yet made love in this house as husband and wife i mean.

 And there are so many rooms,
so little time.

 I am very disappointed in
you, Sheila.

 I know.

 I was counting on you.

 I'm sorry, Mrs.
Crane. It's just i could tell how much Teresa loves Ethan. I can see it in her
eyes.

 Well, that is the last thing
you will see in this country. You are going back to the island, and you're
flying coach!

 Mother, are you ever going to
tell us why you wanted to see Teresa and me? What's going on? $P@


 your plan is too cruel, ivy.

 Cruel? It's a
present. It's my Christmas present to grace. You will do what i say, David.

 Sorry, grace. Sorry
for all the pain i'm going to cause you.

 Stop thinking about being a
real boy. It can't happen.

 It can too.

 What was that?

 Nothing.

 Well, my doll, it will not
happen.

 What is it?

 Charity. Charity!

 Yeah.

 Why aren't you at the
nutcracker with Miguel, dear?

 I don't feel well.

 Oh.

 Kate's going with him
instead.

 Oh. That's right. Well, feel
better. The plan is working. We could learn a lot from that girl. She's taken to
the dark side like a raft to the rapids.

 Charity and Miguel will be
torn apart.

 Kay, what are you doing here?

 Charity wasn't feeling well.
She gave me her ticket.

 What's wrong with her?

 She's just feeling a little
under the weather.

 I should check on her.

 She's sleeping by now. She
felt really, really bad about missing the show.

 Okay. Well, if that's what
charity wants, then let's enjoy ourselves, have a good time. For charity.

 Well, who else?

 Things couldn't be better,
Becky.

 I whole-edly
concur.

 I'm married to a
sensuous woman who understands my needs, my appetite. At the same time i
divorced a monster.

 Once we get ivy out of the
mansion.

 Oh, that will make everything
better.

 She'll be much more than a
nuisance, wouldn't you say?

 She's insufferable. Thank God
we pulled it off. To think of all the things that could have gone off that
didn't. My annulment to Teresa got done without a hitch.

 Yes, it did. And you are so
lucky you never took that girl to bed, Julian. If Teresa had become pregnant, we
would have a horrible time getting out that have marriage. She would have gone
after you for alimony and for child support. Not to mention Ethan, they would
have killed you without a second thought.

 Yes, I’d be turning up
daisies. A toast.

 To what?

 To my good luck that Teresa
isn't pregnant.

 Ethan:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Well, mother, what is it?

 Ivy:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  I, um -- I wanted, um -- I wanted you and
Teresa to stop by so that I could give you this cheque. It's to the children's
home. That was Sheridan’s charity. With Sheridan gone, I thought perhaps you
would like to give it to them.

 Ethan:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  That's a beautiful thought. Thank you for
thinking of us.

 Theresa:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Always.

 Ethan:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  I guess we better get going of before the
children's home closes. You guys ready?

 Theresa: Let's do it.

 Ivy:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  I know your story.

 Theresa: You're hurting me.

 Ivy: My plan to expose you
may have failed but I won't have to wait long to find out you're pregnant. Your
stomach will give you away. How will you explain that to Ethan?

 Whitney: What did you want
to talk to me about?

 Theresa:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  I made a decision.

 Whitney: You're not going to
go through with it?

 Theresa: I have to. It's the
only way I can keep Ethan.














  Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site





















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Wednesday 12/26/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">


&nbsp;

 &nbsp;


 Wednesday
12/26/01
--Canada ;  Thur. 12/27/01 --USA

 by Amanda
Sorry, the names of the characters are not coming through on the
closed-captioning for some reason...and think
all of the terrible times are behind us. We're moving into our brand new house,
we'll have a brand new start, and only good things are going to come for all of
us.

Good-bye.

'Bye.

'Bye.

Good-bye. (Laughing) good-bye
and good riddance. Harmony's house frau couldn't be more wrong. Good things
aren't coming our way at all. Pain is coming our way. Just in time for the
holidays.

You said it was urgent to see
me? Why?

The next step in my felon
break up Sam and Grace's marriage is about to unfold.

You would do pretty much
anything to get Sam back, wouldn't you?

Well duh! You know, I
honestly thought bringing you here, pretending to be grace's husband from her
amnesia is a-shrouded past would be enough to tear Sam and Grace apart. Their
fondness is just too strong.

So now you're bringing out
the heavy artillery.

My next salvo has to do the
trick.

Just what exactly is your
surprise?

Just when exact is he your
surprise supposed to arrive?

Tonight. And once it's here,
am and grace will be finished by New Year's.

(Speaking Spanish)

not well, mama. I didn't get
much sleep last night.

Yeah, well neither
did i. Now that ivy knows that you're pregnant with Julian’s child, she will
just be waiting to use the truth to destroy Ethan’s love for you, and last
night she almost succeeded.

Thank you. For
convincing the maid from Bermuda not to admit in front of Ethan that that she
found me in bed with julian.

All I did was buy you more
time, Teresa. You need to tell Ethan the truth before he hears it from ivy or
finds out on his own. You cannot keep this pregnancy a secret from Ethan any
longer. Now you're going to be showing soon. You have to be honest with Ethan,
Teresa. There is no other way.

You're wrong, mother, there
is another way.

What -- what did you say?

Um, that it looks like a nice
day today. And I think I will go for a long walk, mama. I will see you later.

Teresa, please don't go! Stay
here. Let me try and help you.

Oh, mother, there's nothing
that you can do.

Teresa, but it's cold
outside. You can catch a cold.

Just let me go, mama.

Teresa -- I’m sorry.


No, look, I’ll get my things,
mama. You -- you have an appointment at the family clinic. Why?

Mama, i have to go.


Teresa, please!
Tell me you're not planning to have an abortion. Please, Teresa, tell me!
Tabitha can't take the decorations down!

Why the hell not?

Because if the Bennets see tabby's taken everything down, they'll wonder why. And they're
already suspicious of Tabitha. She'll use the ammunition to prove she's a
witch!

Point taken. Oh, I
suppose I’ll have to leave this dreadful drat up here for a while! But i can't
take being around this sugar plum schlock! Well, it's time we got the noel out
of here, Timmy. (Laughing)

Timmy likes these
decorations. Puts him in the holiday spirit.

Uggh! A candy cane
in lieu of an umbrella? Whatever next! Fluffy will be sought a red very well
set bow, i suppose.

Christmas is the time for
miracles.

Will you get it through your
straw-filled head? We don't celebrate Christmas.

Timmy knows that. If Timmy
and tabby did, she'd enjoy it.

Oh, bah humbug!

Come on, tabby!
Can't Timmy have a, have a real Christmas? Christmas, stockings hung by the
chimney with care? A partridge in a pear tree? Chestnuts roasting on an open snir.

You'll be the only one
roasting on an open fire in a minute.

Timmy's thinks you have him a
little confused with a you led log.

You're the only one confused
around here, Timmy. You're a dole. You will be able follow feel whatever warmth
it is -- you're a doll. You won't be able to feel whatever warmth it is you
think people feel at Christmas. You haven't got a heart!

Timmy wants -- hones his
Christmas wish comes true. That he becomes a real boy, with a real heart.

Keep your eyes closed.

They're closed.

Okay.

Where am I?!

Open them. Surprise.

I -- I can't believe this.

Dad, the place looks great.
How'd you do it?

Well, these over-grown elves
helped pitch in.

Thank you very much.

Grace, I know how
important the holidays are for you, and i wanted you to be able to do the
things you love best for the people who you love most.

Oh well that's you and my
family.

It's so cool!

And my friends. Thank you for
going to all this effort. And thank you! Giant, handsome elves! Wow. Celebrating
Christmas as a family in our new home. Couldn't have given me a better present,
Sam.

Well, the best gift you could
give me is having Hastings sign the papers, have him stay out of our live the
forever.

Well, David wants
me to be happy, and i told him what makes me happy is my life with you. I’m
sure once he reads the papers he'll sign them and he'll just move on with his
life.

Grace, you're so trusting. I
mean, you see the best in everyone. Not me. Not when it comes to Hastings. Now I
don't know what it is. I, I can't put my finger on it. There's something that's
very wrong about that guy.

I know what you mean, bro.
I've still got the same feeling, that Hastings isn't on the up and up.

I hate what you're doing,
Ivy. Grace doesn't deserve this. She's a good person. Her marriage to Sam is the
type people dream about. A couple who deeply and passionately love each other.

Sam deeply and
passionately loved me once, also. And in his heart i know he still does.

The only person in Sam’s
heart is grace. No matter how desperately you want to think otherwise.

Stop being their
cheerleader and just do what i tell you to do.

Look, grace gave me the
papers and Sam is chomping at the bit for me to sign them. So what do you want
me to do? I cannot stall them much longer.

Well, look, okay, just
pretend to be cooperating and grace will eat that up. I know, tell her, tell her
that you want to sign the annulment papers but you think you should do it in
front of a notary. I doubt it'll ever come to that. Because once my surprise
gets here, grace will forget all about the annulment. In fact, I gather she'll
never give it another thought.

Answer me! Answer me, Teresa!
Tell me this is not your appointment card. Tell me that you're not planning --
to have an abortion. It's wrong!

The card, mama, I teed it
back.

Why? Why, my child?! Why do
you need it?! This goes against everything that we believe in! Everything we
hold dear!

Mama, please.

You know this it Teresa! I
know you know this! I know you believe it!

No, you can't. Please. Tell
me that you would never do such a thing. Tell me this is a mistake, why this
card... Was in your purse. I know there's got to be some explanation, because
there is no way that this could be your card! Do you hear me, Teresa?! There's
just no way!

I’m sorry, mama.

The card is mine.

No.

No, Teresa.

I have... An appointment...
To get an abortion today.

I have agonized over what to
do, but this is the only choice that I have.

No, Teresa, it is not your
only choice.

But mama, i have
gone over and over this! And for me, now in my situation, there is nothing else
that i can do! I can't tell Ethan that I’m pregnant with Julian’s child! I will
lose him. Mama, my life would be destroyed.

What about your baby's life?

I can't have it, mama, and
give it up for adoption without Ethan finding out. Or worse, Julian. He might
take my baby away from me and raise it as a crane!

Even so, Teresa, we are
talking about... A baby. A life.

I can't think about it that
way, mama. I can't.

You're in denial, Teresa. You
cannot bring yourself to admit that you will be ending the life of an innocent
baby.

Don't say that mama!

It's true! You won't even
allow yourself to stop and think about that precious creature growing inside of
you. Because if you do, you would not be able to terminate this pregnancy.

I know, I know you want to
solve this problem. You want to put it behind you. Oh, I understand that. But
what you are thinking, it seems like quick fix, but it isn't, Teresa. If you
allow your baby's life to be taken, you -- oh, God -- the repercussions will
haunt you for the rest of your life, and you will never get over it! Never.
(Laughing)

Kay. Kay, Kay! Kay, wake up!
Wake up, Kay!

Miguel! Miguel!

It's okay, there's nothing to
be afraid of.

What happened?

You were having a nightmare.

With you in here?

Yeah, i heard you
cry out so i came in to check on you. You were some upset. That must have been
some nightmare you were having.

You have no idea. It was
terrible, you can't even imagine.

What happened?

I don't remember. Just, it
was, it was really awful.

Well it's okay, alright? It's
only a dream. Can't come true.

Okay. (Thinking) i
hope not.

Oh, Timmy. Let's
get out of here, before I O.D. On all this seasonal schlock.

Timmy wishes to have
Christmas. It's the most magical time of the year.

Yeah, well this magic
certainly seems to have affected you. You've turned into a fruit cake.

Tabby can make friends,
Timmy, but when he becomes a real boy and his wish comes true, she'll be sorry
she laughed at him.

If your Christmas
wish comes roux and you turn into a real boy with a real heart, i will wear a
Christmas wreath on my head for a week! Now come on, let's get going.

Tabby'll look
backier than you do with that on her head.

Don't worry, doll-face, I
don't plan on something to do it, because you're not going to turn into a real
boy.

That's what Tabby thinks.

I think I’m going call
Charity and see how she is.

Okay. (Phone ringing)

hello?

Hey, Charity. I’m just -- I
missed you at the nutcracker last night, but it sounds like you're feeling
better.

What do you want?

Well, your family's moving
into your new house today so I thought I’d come over and help so we can spend
some time together.

Um, thank you, Miguel, but
I’m still not feeling very good.

Oh, um, then I’ll bring you
some soup or something.

Mmm... I'd rather
you didn't. I kind of want to be alone so I can rest. Talk to you later.

Okay.

Oh, and Miguel? Please don't
call here anymore. Just in case I’m asleep, you know?

Was that Miguel?

Will she be coming over to
help us decorate in.

No. I guess she's too busy.

Charity, is
everything okay with you and American league zel.

It's fine. Thank you.

Charity doesn't want pea to
come over today. She even said not to call her.

Really?

I don't get it I mean
Charity's acting so distant lately, just like she doesn't want to be with me.

Maybe she's just still not
feeling very well.

Yes, that's what she said.

You know, we could always do
something together today.

Thanks for offering but I’m
not in the mood.

Okay.

I'll see you later.


My plan is going so well.
Zombie charity is going to split up Miguel and charity in no time. I can't take
any chances of my nightmare coming true though. Not when I’m so close to getting
what I want. I'd better go up there and make sure the real charity is still
frozen in ice in the old cave.

I’m sure your surprise will
make grace completely forget about me signing all the papers, and everything
else, for that matter.

Even Sam.

Probably. I grew to
know grace pretty well. She's a good-hearted, kind and loyal person. Completely
devoted to family. She’d   do anything
for family. Yes. Yes, your surprise will get the result you want, I’m sure of
it.

That's what I’m counting on.

Grace is such a
pure and loving heart. She's undoubtedly the most sincerely good person i've
ever known.

Dear God! I don't believe it.
You have fallen in love with grace.

Somehow -- somehow
I have failed you, haven't I? Or you wouldn't be here right now, on your way to
-- oh my God. What, what, what sign did I miss? How in God's name did i fail
you?

Mama, no. No, mama,
no. Look, this isn't your fault. You're an amazing mother. But why i am doing
this -- mama, this is my choice. This is a decision only I can make.

No, Teresa. No! I am your
mother and I will not allow it! Do you hear me, Teresa?! I will not allow it!

did you hear me? I will not
allow it!

I’m sorry. I don't mean any
disrespect. You but there is nothing that you can do to stop me, mama.


Teresa! I am your mother! And
you will do as I say!

And I am a woman now, mama. I
can make my own decisions. And I have decided to do this.

How? How can you? Especially
now, at Christmas, when we celebrate the birth of our savior? And it's an insult
follow all that's decent. And holy.

Mama, I have to do it now.
Before I start to show.

But, but I told you about
your brother, Antonio calling, and that he's going to be home after such a long
time. How can you stain such a happy occasion?!

You think Antonio
is coming home, mama, but you can't be sure. Well i am sure about Ethan. He'll
never marry me, mama. If he finds out that impressionist with his ex-father's
child. And if he learns that I didn't tell him that julian and I had sex, even
though I was drunk, even though I thought I was making love to Ethan, mama, he
will be so hurt, so angry. That I’ll lose him. And this time for good. And you,
mama you will lose Luis, because if if he finds out that impressionist with
Julian crane's child, he will kill him, mama. And he will spend the rest of his
life in jail.

And what will Luis do when he
finds out what you've done to your baby? What will Ethan do, Teresa?


He won't find out, mama. I am
doing it this way so that no one finds out.

You can't.

Mama, this isn't just about
me. Mama, this is also about the people that I love!

Really. Is it?

This pregnancy won't just
destroy my life, mama. It will destroy Ethan’s and Luis' lives.

What about that life that you
are carrying inside, Teresa?

I can't think about that. I
can't.

You have, haven't you? You
have actually fallen in love with grace. Ha! Well this is wonderful. Grace and
Sam’s marriage will be over soon, Sam will be with me. Poor Gracie will be all
alone. Who better for her to spend the rest of her life with than the man she
thought was her husband. Oh, but you know, David, I always thought you were too
hard-hearted to fall in love with anyone.

All I’msaying a is
that grace is a good person. She doesn't deserve what you have in store for
her. It's too cruel, i've especially Christmas.

Mmm. A mother's
most vulnerable moment.

Some what about me?
How many Christmases have i been forced to spend without Pam? How much more am
i expected to suffer?!

Selfish to the end!


Do you know what
it's like for me, in my own home? Fighting for my position Mrs. Crane since
Julian married that oversexed top-heavy tramp Rebecca?! And Ethan, who means
everything to me is about to marry a girl I dispise.

I met Teresa and she seems
quite lovely.

Oh, on the surface, maybe,
but deep down she's a conniving witch. Just like grace.

Grace? Grace a conniving
witch?! I think your pain medication has you hallucinating.

Please. No one is as good as
grace pretends to be. I mean, always smiling and doing good deeds and doling out
that God-awful tomato soup cake.

Tomato what?

My point exactly. Whoever
heard of a cake made out of tomato soup?! It's got to be toxic. Just like grace.
Underneath all that sugar and spice she's a viper. Which is why Sam belongs to
me. He'd be much happier.

Sam and grace have three
children and a niece.

Sam had a son with me first.

Is this how you justify what
you're doing?

Just stop arguing
and do what i tell to you do.

Like I have any choice. You
are blackmailing me!

Yes, I am. And don't forget
it! Look, this is our big moment, but we have to be very careful. No one can see
us together. It would be disastrous.

And I’m Marx

Where.

Dax: A witch has to go to get
away from Christmas?

Timmy doesn't know. Maybe a
kibbutz? Hey!

Stuff it, you
little trader! I told you i hate Christmas.

So did a man that Timmy knows
about. His name was scrooge.

Bah humbug.

That's him. He hated
Christmas, but then he was visited by three spirits. And after that, he loved
Christmas.

Yes. Well, Ebenezer probably
discovered that -- Ebenezer probably discovered that Christmas gifts were tax
deductible. Enough of that holiday hooey. I’m going buy some chestnuts.

To roast over an open fire?

No, to throw on the ice to
trip up the skaters. (Laughing)

what's happening to us,
charity? What's going on?

Oh, good. Kay's
still blocked off. I'd feel a lot better if i could just get there and see that
charity's still on ice. I've got to get into this cave! But how? I'll bet you
there's something in here that could get this cave open.

My God. Wow! Ah, thanks.

Dear God, let Teresa realize
that what she's thinking of doing not the answer to her problem.


But a grave mistake that
will haunt her the rest of her life.

Please, mama, don't do this.

In the name of the father,
and of the son, and of the Holy Spirit. Amen.

I have put my faith in God.
You must, too.

Try to, to understand, mama.

What I’m doing, I don't have
a choice. If I don't do this, I will lose Ethan.

Better that you should lose
Ethan than lose your soul, Teresa.

But mama, other people don't
believe that!

Maybe not! But we do. And
that's all that matter, Teresa.

I know that somewhere deep in
your heart, you believe that.

I know you do. So i'm, I’m
begging you to please, please, listen to that part of yourself. Now, before
it's too late.

Poor favor, Teresa. Poor
favor.

I’m sorry.

I’m sorry, mama.

Well, guys, I’m going go
check on Eve.

And I still have some
presents wrapped.

Come on, guys --

I want to thank everyone for
helping us get settled in.

Wait, everybody go out to the
kitchen because I've got cookies for the giant elves and hot chocolate for you
kids to take Caroling.

Yea, yea!

Thank you,.

Little elves.

'Bye, have fun. Oh, boy. Sam,
I am so happy.

Me, too, grace. Me, too

hello, Ivy.

What are you doing here?!

I told you, Sam was expecting
some action in on the papers.

Well i didn't
expect to you bring them by now. I want to give grace and Sam this house
warming gift to keep them off their guard. Now get out of here before somebody
cease you and tells it you of Sam! He's already suspicious of you and he's not
very trusting of me, either!

What are you two doing out
here?

Say good-bye to your dreams
of Olympic Gold.

Timmy: Tabby, tabby! Guess
what?

Tabitha:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Oh, honey nestle, Tim, you've got the worst
timing of anyone I know. What is it?

Timmy: Timmy just called
tabby's answer machine and Dr. Eve Russell left a message saying that she wants
Timmy and Tabby to go there right now!

Tabitha: Why?

Timmy: Timmy put his name on
a transplant list for a donor. They must have found a heart for Timmy.

Tabitha: I can't believe it!

Timmy:<span
style="mso-spacerun: yes">  Tim can't believe it, either. Timmy's
Christmas wish is coming true! He's gonna get a heart, and be a real boy!

Kay: Hey, Miguel, where's
Charity?

Miguel: Hey, uh, she's not
feeling well.

Kay: Oh, I hope Charity feels
better soon, because this is the time of year when you most want to be with the
ones you love. 'Bye.

Miguel: See 'ya.
Why don't you want to be with me, Charity? I feel like something's come between
us, but I don't know what it could be.
















  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site
















name="description" content="The Bold &amp; The Beautiful Daily Update">
name="keywords"
content="BB, The Bold &amp; The Beautiful, update, summary, soaps, soap opera, daytime, tv, television">
name="GENERATOR" content="Microsoft FrontPage 6.0">
name="ProgId" content="FrontPage.Editor.Document">
 Thursday 12/26/01
name="Microsoft Theme" content="passions-trans 111">
name="Microsoft Border" content="tb">



&nbsp;



 &nbsp;


 Thursday
12/27/01
--Canada ;  Fri. 12/28/01 --USA

 by Amanda
Sorry, the names of the characters are not coming through on the
closed-captioning for some reason...That is not the only reason I want to go to
the its though. I'm really happy you decided to look up your family.


I'm not making any promises. My brother would just a soon never
see my face again.


I don't know why anyone would feel that way towards
you. Just so long as you say you will give it a try, i really have a feeling
that this trip is going to resolve things for at least one of us.


More than Christmas and all the holidays put together. You would
think some of the faith would rub off on me, believe anything is possible if you
pray hard enough. Holy mother, please, please help them make the right decision
about that baby she is carrying. If she terminates the pregnancy she will regret
it for the rest of her life.


I was afraid i wouldn't be able to catch you in time. I
called because I need a friend. If you are going to give me another one of your
lectures save us both the trouble and go home now. Okay?


Deal. No more so-called lectures.


With everything, I can't say anything at all, right.


It depends. I just wish you would think about this some more,
that's all. I don't think you should make a major life changing decision when
are you in this state, Teresa.


You promised no lectures. I made the appointment for
the abortion and i'm going to keep it i am on my way there right now.


This is the only way, the only way


well, i can't speak for Mr. Hastings but i came by to
give you this.


Oh.


It is just a little something to help celebrate your new home.
David -- it is David with,.


I am here about the annulment papers.


It is about time you signed them.


Actually, I haven't yet.


Why doesn't that surprise me.


No, I intend to, it's just that, well, shouldn't we have a not
any witness my signature.


Yes no problem. I will go call one.


Well, i think, you know, you didn't really need to do
this.


Oh, but I did.


Oh, that is my casserole. Well, why don't you just come on in the
living room.


Okay.


I told you we have to be careful being seen together.


I don't know what you are worried about. I have never seen such a
cool lie never my life.


I will do whatever I have to do to break them up. That is why I
hired you.


You mean blackmailed me.


Stop nitpicking, just keep to the plan.


Can you do this right now.


Just do it. Or do you <span style="mso-spacerun:
yes"> want your precious Grace and everyone else to know what I already
know about you? Is that what you want, David? I thought not


you can't go charging around this hospital demanding your own
heart for a doll. And numbers you want people to throw us in the psyche ward
here, you better start acting like one.


You got the message i left on your answering machine
and you brought Kenny.


Yes, yes.


You are just in time. The show is about to start?


The show? This isn't about the heart donor.


I'm sorry? Heart donor?


Well, maybe you should just tell me about the show.


Gladly. You and your Timmy doll have been cordially invited to
attend a holiday show that we do every year.


Invited, someone explicit -- explicitly invited Timmy and me, who
could that possibly be.


It was one of the patients, apparently. And i heard
they put up quite a fuss, wouldn't take their medication until you came to the
show today. So obviously you mean go deal to whoever it is i will be right back
and i will take you to the psyche ward.


Now, you see, you got the doctor's message wrong.


He doesn't care. He is not leaving this hospital without a heart.


Fillee, you can forget that bit of nonsense. In fact,
while we are here i am going to have your name removed in the recipient list.
Now please be a good lad and help me figure out who could possibly have invited
us here today.


Well, i better get to the clinic. I want this over with
as soon as possible.


One last time, Teresa, are you absolutely sure about this?


I better be. And after what ivy tried last night. Now
that she knows i'm pregnant by Joey, she won't stop trying to expose me to Ethan.



You think having this abortion will take as a threat? Because it
won't.


Well, at least if she does tell Ethan i'm pregnant I
will be able to deny it by saying i'm not. And he will have to believe it.


I got to go.


I don't think i can be strong enough.


Whitney, Lisa.


Oh, no.


Everything good at the orphanage.


The orphanage?


Yeah, remember they told to us come by today because they were
out countries mall -- Christmas caroling today.


Right.


And my mother gave us that cheque and we go some stuff
at the toy store so why don't we say we spread a little Christmas joy.


That is really awesome but we're kind of in the middle of
something.


Oh, hey, whatever it is, it is wait. I know there is
nothing Teresa loves more than kids. That is one of the reasons why i can't
wait to make her my wife. I won't it be something when we have one of our own?


Please give our daughter Teresa the guidance she so desperately
needs right now. I want her to be able to live with herself. If she takes away
the life of that unborn baby, and there is no guarantee of that but please.


How long have you been standing there?

Well, this is it. Show should begin in a few minutes. Sit anywhere you
want


oh, no. We've got to get out of here before they recognize me.
You can't leave now, the show is about to start.


Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.


What is doing.


He is a van industrial gist, Jimmy, or at least he thinks he is.
The wooden doll is his dummy.


He could be smart, he could be a member of mensah.


Hi, Freddy, what is on your mind tonight.


I'm glad you asked. For starters i'm sick and tired of
you pulling my string.


[Laughter]


this is going to be a long night.


This is exploitation of dolls, that is why he wants to be a real
boy.


I was just using a prayer.


For Antonio to come home, right? Sorry to interrupt.


It's okay. I'm sure the good lord has heard enough from me for
one day.


Oh, God, it smells great in here. Just like when we were kids.


So you are not angry that i'm making all the food Antonio
likes?


No, no way. Look, even if Antonio doesn't come home we're going
to have a feast, just like the old days.


Two for Teresa. Two for Luis.


Ah, but only one for Antonio.


That is my favourite.


Your father is only teasing made you extra special, for
my wonderful first born son, i'm so proud of you.


Your father and i are proud of all of you.


What is it?


I was just thinking about Christmas at home a long time ago.


I wish i could do that. Close my eyes and imagine what
my life used to be like. Tell me about the Christmas you remember.


It was perfect. Lots of food, laughter, <span
style="mso-spacerun: yes"> teasing. Always my mother's favourite time of
the year. She always made such a big deal about it. We always went along with
it because it meant so much to her. We didn't have much money but it didn't
matter because it was always great. Because back then we were all together the
she always made sure we looked out for one another, no matter what.


Sounds wonderful.


She was. She is.


Must be so hard for your mother to not know where you are. I
can't imagine what it would be like for a mother to lose one of her children.


Look at all of them.


All right, i'm going to go and make my way with the
little natives.


It's so good to see you.


Our pleasure. This is my fiancée Teresa this is her friend
Whitney.


&gt;This is the Teresa i have heard so much about. So
when is the big day.


As soon as we can do it. I just hope we have as happy a marriage
as you have.


You will if you have the right things in common, i
don't mean the same favourite foods or taste in furniture, that stuff can work
itself out. I mean the big things, the values, what is important to the two of
you.


We agree on the important things, don't we Teresa


So, can i get you two any coffee or anything.


No,.


No, not for me.


No thanks, grace. I'm fine.


I can't find a not ary that will come over tonight.


Well, you can't be surprised. Everyone wants to within their
family for the holidays.


I just wanted to put this marriage with David behind us so we can
be married for real and get on with our lives.


We will. A few days isn't going to matter. Nothing can change my
love for you. Right?


Since when did you grow a conscience. I want the real
thing too, i deserve it just as much grace does. Besides, you should be eating
this up. Once grace is alone, she will be free to be with you.


Cute or what.


Adorable. We place large of children with adopted parents but
most of these kids haven't been here that long.


Maybe one day Teresa and i will adopt. But it would be
nice to a have a couple the old-fashioned way.


Just let me know when you are ready.


He hasn't been here that had. I can't seem to get him to stop
crying.


Let me get him a bottle.


Would you mind? She needs some help.


Look. I'm not making any promises, but maybe when we
get to Harmony you can meet my mother, if i go and see her, okay? I remember my
brothers and sisters used to bring all their friends over to the house because
my mother was so welcoming. She treated each one them like they were one of her
own kids. I remember there was this one little girl in particular, she was like
a second mother to.


Really?


Yeah. Just typical poor little rich kid. May mother used to work
for her family. I think when the little girl was very small her mother passed
away. And well, the rest of the adults in the family didn't really know what to
do with her. Didn't know what to do with a kid at all and they were kind of very
distant and cold people. They tried to send the little girl off to boarding
school to get her out of the way.


How sad. Must have been so lonely.


She was. Until my mother took her under her wing and
showered her with tons av fiction. I think my mother was the only adult that
really loved her.


Lucky. The little girl, whoever she was.


&gt;Okay, rover, now rollover, and wave to the
audience. Rover is waiting for some applause.


Good boy .


&gt;We've got to get out of here.


Where is the patient that invited you.


I really don't give a damn who invited us here. The last time it
nearly killed us.


You asked for t you got it.


We are stuck here like rats in a cage.


You don't know i'm still a patient here, do you.


Remember, got the call -- .


The patient who invited Miss Lennox.


Oh, she is around. She will be delighted to know her gusts have
come.


[Applause] l


That concludes our presentation here at Harmony hospital.



Let's get out of here before they put me in one of those --


are you not leaving, are new.


Oh, yes, doctor. The show was marvelous but we really need to get
home.


But there is a special encore planned just for you. Have a seat.


I don't like the sound of this.


It seems i heard this song before.


You have. It kidding i have written a had to daddy
&quot;from one of your favourite movies. I can't imagine why anyone would pick
this song to sing for us.


I used to find strands of hair on my mother's coat when
she would come home from work. I couldn't believe the color. It was like spun
gold. What a crush i had on that little girl. Unfortunately, so did my brother.



You fell in love with her hair.


Hey, it was beautiful hair, what can i say. Anyway, it
was kind of funny because my brother and i would get into fights about who the
little girl liked more.


I bet if you and he talked about this now you would both laugh at
the memory.


I wish. Unfortunately, after hearing my brother bad
mouth me the way he did during that phone call to my mother, i doubt very much
that we will ever share anything with each other ever again.


I wish i could give you some of my --.


So do i. No matter what happens, i am so lucky to have
you. And Miguel and two sisters. Everyone's happy and doing great. Do you have
any idea how much i admire you.


Me?


Ma, more than anyone in the world. I know we have been through a
lot. Pop disappeared, Antonio ran off, but you have always been there for us.


I try. I just don't know how well i have done.


Well, ma, how can you even doubt. Look at Miguel, he's
doing great. Teresa, i know how hard it was to keep her feet on the ground but
all her dreams are coming true. She will get married and you can play grandma


aren't you going to open my little housewarming gift.


Oh, of course. But Sam and i would like to ask you for
something else as well.


I would be happy to oblige if i can.


Well, you can if you want.


We would like you to leave Ethan --Ethan and Teresa alone.


I don't understand, Ethan is my son, our son in case you have
forgotten.


I haven't forgotten, neither has grace. That is why we would like
you to layoff the woman that he loves and plans to married.


We have known Teresa since she was born. She Val a sweet girl.


That is a matter of opinion. But as for back off you
will be happy to know had have. Ethan is a grown man. And as for putting my two
cents into other people's love lives, i learned my lesson the hard way. That is
why i brought over this little gift. I wanted to make amends for the ways i've
acted towards the both of you.


Well, thank you.


You better open it though. I'm afraid it has a short shelf life.


It's called floating island and it is nothing as exotic
as your cake but i thought it would be a treat. Well, why don't we all have
some. You and David can join us.


Why not.


Sure. Let me get some bowls from the kitchen.


Gladly.


So what is this dessert thing all about.


It is just like Sam and graces marriage. It won't take long for
it to go bad, very bad.


What is this about not being able to play grandma.


I just meant that -- i was thinking about Antonio, that
is all. Oh, ma. I think i understand. You are wondering if Antonio already has
children, children you never got to meet or play grandmother too.


Yes, i wonder about that all the time. That is only one
of the reasons that i hope Antonio comes home with yeah, well, come on, don't
worry about that. Because i'm sure Ethan and Teresa are ready to start having
kids soon.


I don't know about that.


Well, just between you and me, i think that guy is
almost ready to have kids. He called here earlier looking for Teresa. He wanted
her to go with him to the orphanage.


He was really intent on finding her. I bet they are at the
orphanage right now. Mom, come on, how about some cider.


No, thank you. I just remembered i forgot something at
the store. I will be back in a little while.


Stopped crying the second he was in your arms.


He was just tired, that is all.


Are you kidding?


No, baby, this is about you and the vibes you are giving out. He
feels comfortable in your arms.


Do you think it is what i think it.


Open it.


Admit it, you are loving this.


This one is kind of special. It's just too bad his birth mother
wasn't able to keep him. But at least she didn't have an abortion. With who the
hell is that?


I've written a letter to daddy.


The sender is your girl


dear daddy


i miss you so awfully


i wish you could see all my curls


hear's hoping this note makes it to you


without you i'm empty and dull


i come by you soon as i'm able


to live much more than a skull .


She has a lovely is voice.


Are you kidding. She sounds like a strangled cat dear daddy


they mopped me and rocked me


away so i would lose my mind


they never counted on your little


girl with an axe to grind .


Get out of here.


Surely you aren't going to leave just yet.


Remember me?


We better get out of here Timmy . Got off me you big baboon.



Those two won't know what hit him.


I can't believe it. Nobody has been able to stop this little guy
from fretting since he got here.


Wally, a anyone -- Anita this is Teresa’s mother.


I was just telling your daughter she is going to make a great
mother some day.


Will you have to excuse me for a moment.


She is not telling me anything don't already in. Can't wait until
Teresa is pregnant .


All my life you have given me comfort, peace, serenity.
Now i can hardly look at her even though it was the last place i saw her.
Please, bring Sharon back to me.


There it. We're back.


Is that Harmony.


That's it.


Wow!. What are all the twinkling lights on the dock.


I don't know. Are you cold, you want my jacket.


No. I just got the feeling that someone is there, someone is
waiting for me in Harmony.

  Back to TV MegaSite's Passions Site














 Friday 12/28/01



NAME="Keywords" Content="transcripts, dialogue, summary, update, recap, Passions, soaps, soap operas, daytime drama, continuing drama, telly, media, links, photos, tv, television, videos, tape trading, entertainment, links, episode guide, NBC, Harmony, Angel Girl, Chea Courtney, Grace, Bennett, Dana Sparks, Jessica, Jade Harlow, Hank, Ryan McPartlin, Kay, Deanna Wright, Sam, James Hyde, Charlene, Charlie, Jordan Baker, Alistair, Crane, Alan Oppenheimer, Ivy, Kim Johnston Ulrich, Fox, Justin Hartley, Julian, Ben Masters, Sheridan, McKenzie Westmore, Chad, Harris, Charles Divins, David, Hastings, Justin Carroll, John, Jack Krizmanich, Gwen, Hotchkiss, Liza Huber, Rebecca, Andrea Evans, Tabitha, Lenox, Juliet Mills, Father Lonigan, Bruce French, Antonio, Lopez, Fitzgerald, Lopez-Fitzgerald, Brian, O'Leary, Christopher Douglas, Luis, Galen Gering, Miguel, Jesse Metcalfe, Pilar, Eva Tamargo Lemus, Theresa, Lindsay Korman, Mildred, Jill Jaress, Precious, Bam Bam, Tango, Eve, Russell, Tracey Ross, Simone, Chrystee Pharris, TC, T.C., Rodney Van Johnson, Whitney, Brook Kerr, Liz, Sanbourne, Amelia Marshall, Charity, Standish, Molly Stanton, Beth, Wallace, Kelli McCarty, Edna, Kathleen Noone, Ethan, Winthrop, Eric Martsolf, Kasey Borrowman, Cracked Connie, James E. Reilly, Timmy, Josh Ryan Evans, superstition, devils, demons, powers, witch, doll, Bruce Michael Hall, Reese, Durkee, Dalton James, Victor McKay, Doc, Bermuda Triangle, vision, spell, potion, Jason Olive, Taylor Anne Mountz, Donn Swaby, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Bruce, John Beck, Cecil, Arturo Gil, Seth Hall, Robin Strasser, Hecuba, John Reilly, David Bailey, Heidi Mueller, Maria, Sloane Kiley, Little Ethan, Grayson, Colby, Button, Leigh Taylor-Young, Katherine, gazebo, dead, Louise Sorel, Dort, fish, Endora, Martin, Fitzgerald, Richard Steinmetz, Bam, Tango, Silvana Arias, Lindsey Hartley, Cathy J. Doe, incest, Roark Critchlow, Ackland, chimps, orangutang, evil, powers, Suzanne Lanoue, Suzanne McGlone">















Friday 12/28/01





 Provided by  Amanda

***Sorry Passions Fans! This week they are not putting the names in the episodes
for you
Hey, how are you feeling?I feel fine, thanks.Why didn't you call me? I wanted to see you earlier.Well, you're seeing me now, aren't you?Sorry. I just wanted to give you a kiss.Oh. I'm going to check on alias, okay?What's wrong with charity? She's been acting so irritable lately.Ivy, are you going to midnight mass?Oh, yes. I wouldn't miss it.Me too. I'll come.Oh, great.You are such a hypocrite. It's so nice to have the demise of the marriage.
On Christmas Eve too. I really am a terrible person.It has nothing to do with the fact you have been blackmailing me to get my
help.Very soon. I sent a limbo to get it. When it does arrive, Sam and grace's
marriage is a dream.You really hoping for another miracle this Christmas?I'm trying to have faith. Trying to believe that Sheridan might come back to
me this Christmas, just like she did last year.Look, there it is. There's the Harmony what are of and the giant Christmas
tree. There's someone standing next to it.I have an idea what might make you feel better.Oh?Yeah. There could be a chance for the two of us to spend some time together.
Are you okay?Yeah. I just had that memory flash again. I see myself on the are of with the
man i loved. The man i remember dying. It looked just like this what is of.There are thousands of what are offs on the eastern seaboard that look
exactly like that one.I have a feeling about this one, the feeling that coming to Harmony will
change my life. There's something waiting for me there, a key to my past. You've seen Timmy before too, mar. Crane?Oh, yes.He loves -- own! Quit it! Pours force -- i can't breathe.This little imp knows crane secrets. Now he's going to die.Timmy. Timmy? Oh, no. Timmy, what are you doing? Hey, let go of me!Get ready, Tabitha. I'm coming to put you in your grave!I'm sorry. I feel so silly.Teresa, you're not being silly. I know how you feel. You're sad because this
baby doesn't have a mother and father.He's such a precious baby. I can't believe his mother doesn't want him.Neither can i. This is a good orphanage. I'm sure he'll find a wonderful
home.I hope so.Don't worry. Just think how happy a couple will be to adopt him. I just wish
more mothers gave their babies up for adoption instead of getting an abortion.
I'm going to say goodbye.I don't want to add to your pain. Don't forget what you're planning to do.
Don't forget what church has taught you.It's all i think about.We're at the church in time for midnight mass.Now the whole world will know about our love. From now on to the end of time.
What's the problem?Long enough. It will be good to be on dry land again.How long are you going to be in port?I'm not sure, but the boat stays.It's almost time for midnight mass.Yeah, here.Should we go?You're late for midnight mass. They're waiting for us. Come on.I'm going to get the boat docked up and locked.I can take care of the boat for you.Great. We can go to church. First I want to check out that Christmas tree.
Isn't it beautiful?Yeah. It's a beautiful tree.For some reason, i'm drawn to this tree.Why do i feel you're so close by?Oh, my goodness.I know what it is.You look just like the are of in my memory flashes. Maybe i have been to
Harmony before.I can understand you're excited. It's like i told you, there are a thousand
towns on the eastern seaboard that look just like this one.I know you keep telling me that. For some reason i'm connected to this what
are of.Excuse me. I need you to sign these papers.I'll be back in a second.I really want to get to midnight mass.I'll try to make it quick.Wherever they are, this couple is still as happy as the day they carved their
initials.Sheridan came back to me at the church last year. Maybe she wills this time
too.
He ruled the world
with truth and grace
and wonders of his love
and wonders of his love
and wonders, wonders of his lovei just don't get it.All of a sudden you're best friends? Maybe Kay has changed. It is possible.
Come on. It's not like you're best friends. You think Kay has changed that
much as a person?I feel bad we're always suspicious of her. Maybe we should give her the
benefit of the doubt. It is Christmas Eve.I guess.Hey, charity, can i talk to you for a minute?Sure. Will you excuse us for a minute?I wanted to give you your Christmas present. I hope you like it.Thanks.Do you like it?Sure. I said thanks, didn't I?You know, just because i gave you your present doesn't mean you have to give
me mine.Oh, oh. I didn't get you anything. I didn't have any money this year, you
know.That's okay.Thanks. I knew you'd understand.My plan is working out perfectly. Hey, you ready to go inside?Yeah.Come on.Oh, Sam, that picture looks so beautiful.Yes, it does. Let's see what's going on.Okay.I need you to stay focused, David. The most important part of my friend will
be in Harmony soon. Once this person has arrived, Sam and grace are finished.
We should be there any moment. çCan we talk about it?Did you hear that?Who knows what he knows. He's always lurking around, pretending he can see or
hear or speak. We know he can’t.You're right. He's a scientific march val. -- Marvel. We should capture him
and study him. That will prove tab butte is a witch.Did you say witch? You are a scientific marvel, i want to be in charge of
perfecting you.She went this way. Somebody stop her!Be careful.I have to find something else to wear.Oh, Timmy. I thought they had you in their clutches. We have to get out of
here. We're in a horrible situation. I can't take any more of this.We know you're alive.They know you're not a doll? Even crane knows? That will prove i'm a witch.
This isn't good, Timmy, not at all. Now we can hide in here. We have to think of
a way out of here.We were almost goners. &nbsp;Where'd they go?I think they went this way.Let's split up. You go down this corridor. I'll take that one.Got it.Good, they're gone. That buys us a little time.They're still out there.Hello, doctor. I think my friend and i took a wrong turn. Just give us a
little time. We'll be out of here soon. I'm sure it's all right.You're an interest?Sure i'm a doctor. Doctor death.I saw you guys come in.So what's up with that?What is she up to now?I think she was sincere. There has to be some good to ivy. She came to church
tonight, right?Look, my mother's here. Ethan, is that you?Yes.Is Teresa here too?I'm here, father.Good. I have to talk to you for a moment.Hey, guys. We're going to find a seat.Sure.Hey, before we meet up with your parents, we need to talk.About what?About us. And all the stuff we have been going through, going down to Bermuda
and getting involved in Teresa and Ethan’s problems, we never got a chance to
talk. Now we're in Harmony and Simone still doesn't know anything about us.Oh, i promised to God i would give you up so Simone would live.She wouldn't hold you to that kind of a promise. We didn't get a chance to
explain to her our relationship and now i think we can try.Simone still thinks you're in love with her. I'm not going to be the one
otherwise. I'm not going to break my promise to God.I don't think God will hold you to that promise either. We have to explain to
Simone that --explain what to me, jack?What did you want to talk to us about?A baby, a very special baby.Dear lord, I’ll never ask anything of you again. Just bring Sheridan back.
Luis?Sheridan, is that really you? It's you. Don't you ever leave me.Never again.I know what you're praying for.I'm praying for a miracle. Praying for Sheridan to come back to me.How's it going?
Got it all taken care of?Yep.We can go to mass.I don't know about that.You want to contact the guy who's handling the boat for the owner, make sure
he knows we're here.I just spoke to the woman who owns the boat. She's not sure if she's going to
be in town when you guys arrive. She gave me the name of someone to contact when
you're there.Who's that?Luis Lopez Fitzgerald.How many years have we waited for Antonio to come home at Christmas.Actually we can wait on that.Great. We can go tothis way. They're down here.I told you I’d get you!Timmy, let's get out of here.There must be some surgical instrument. Xplease, mar. Star, please make Timmy a real little boy with a real heart.
Jerks round yon virgin
mother and child
holy infanthello, Timmy.Angel girl.There's a chance you will get your wish. Christmas wishes can come true. You
could be turned into a real boy.Timmy wants to be a little boy so much. It's almost Christmas.
Shepherds quake
at the sightwhat do you have to explain, jack?He was explaining he forgot to bring your Christmas present. I told him you
would totally understand if he explained to you.Of course i understand. We can exchange presents later. Come on. Let's go
light a candle.What baby are you talking about?I was wondering if you and Teresa would be part of the service. I would like
you to bring baby Jesus in and place him in the manger.The baby Jesus.It's just a doll, of course.We would be honored, wouldn't we?Of course, father.Wonderful. I'll bring the doll out shortly and let you know when to go on.
We'll be here. Let's go say hi to my mother. Merry Christmas, mother. I
didn't know you were going to be here tonight.Well, it's Christmas eve, darling. Of course. How did it go at the orphanage.
Oh, great. They were wonderful.Teresa, it's a shame i already got your Christmas present. It looks like that
coat's getting a bit tight on you. I know how special this part is to you. It's
special to me too. No matter how many times we gathered here before going into
mass.I want you to be able to go to mass. Come on. Let's go. Come on. Let's go.
You have a problem going to church?No problem at all. Let's get changed and let's go to mass.We have to ask someone directions how to get to church.You know what? I'm sure we will find it if we just follow the sound of the
church bells.I just have a feeling something is waiting for me in Harmony.What's waiting for you is nothing compared to what'sTimmy. Timmy, where did you go?!Got you now kewpy doll!Maybe i should make this Christmas wish again.Grab him before he turns back into a doll.I've got you now.That's very thoughtful of you to get Teresa a present.Ethan, Teresa, here's the baby Jesus. I'll signal when it's time to enter.
Thank you again for being part of the service.Our pleasure, father. Merry Christmas, Teresa.Merry Christmas, Ethan. Teresa. I spoke to ivy earlier. She seems to be much
more accepting of your relationship with Ethan.Doesn't Teresa look perfect holding a baby? I can't wait until she's holding
a real baby.Well, it might happen sooner than you think, Ethan.All right. Teresa, Ethan, its almost time for the service.We'll wait in the back, father.Well, i guess we should take our seats.See you later.I guess the evil plans are coming true, are they?Yeah. They do seem to be, don't they? Soon Teresa’s pregnancy will become
evident, and Ethan will know that she slept with Julian and lied about it. And
revenge will be mine forever.If you'll excuse me, i need a breath of fresh air.Teresa, i sense you're deeply troubled about something. I can tell you don't
want to talk about your problem, but i would like to offer you a bit of advice.
All your life, this church has been your home. Look here for the answer to your
problem.You may be seated. Thank you all for joining us in celebrating this midnight
mass. Right now i would like to remind us all of why we celebrate this holy day.
an event pressure core off the damage to theoh, Timmy, help me. Where are you?He can't help you now.You're dead, Tabitha! Dead!We've got you now, raggedy Andy.You won't get away this time.You can't turn yourself into a doll. We have proof you're alive.Why can't Timmy become a Cole again?
-- A doll again?Could it be? Did Timmy get his wish?It would come as a surprise to destroy Sam and grace's marriage. I wonder
where he found someone to do it.
-- Where she found someone to do it. No. No, it can't be.My surprise should be here any moment, grace. When it arrives, your
relationship with Sam is history. Oh, everything's perfect. Sam will be mine and
Teresa will be out of ethane’s life forever.I know how this is an emotional holiday for you. I know how much you love it.
Please, God, help her stay true to her beliefs.I know lightning doesn't strike twice in the same place, but i can't bring
myself to give up on Sheridan. So if she's out there, bring her back to me.
Please.Hey, you all right?Yeah. Yeah, i'm fine.All right. Well, let's go inside. I can't help but think there's something
waiting for me.

  Back to Passions
Transcripts


 Back to The TV MegaSite's Passions Site



Main Navigation within The TV MegaSite:
 Home | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/day/">Daytime Soaps | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/prime/">Primetime TV | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/soaplinks/">Soap MegaLinks | <a
  href="http://www.tvmegasite.net/trading/">Trading



