

Chuckie and the babies are in luck!  Tommy's dad, Stu, is going to do some
work at an amusement park called EuroReptarland in Paris, France!  Tommy
gets to take some of his friends along for the trip.  While Stu is
working, the kids get to take a special tour of the amusement park.  They
meet Kimi, whose mom works at the park.  Kimi's an expert on the layout of
the park, and is going to give the babies a guided tour.

EuroReptarland is run by Coco LeBouche, who isn't as nice as someone who
works in an amusement park should be.  Coco doesn't watch where she's
going and trips over Chuckie's favorite toy, his teddy bear named Wawa.
She grabs Wawa and gives it to her assistant to get rid of!  The assistant
takes off into the park with Wawa!

The babies promise to help Chuckie get Wawa back.  Thank goodness Kimi is
along, ready to help navigate the huge amusement park!



Chuckie Finster
Voiced by Christine Cavanaugh
Chuckie's the star of the game!  Help him get his Wawa back.  A mean lady
named Coco stole it.

Tommy Pickles
Voiced by E.G. Daily
Without Tommy, the kids wouldn't even be on this adventure in Paris.
Tommy's dad is working at EuroReptarland, fixing the giant Reptar.

Dil Pickles
Voiced by Tara Charendoff
Dil's following behind in his jumpy seat, as usual.

Phil and Lil DeVille
Voiced by Kath Soucie
Phil and Lil are on the trip, too, jumping in to take part in all the
'citing adventures.

Kimi Watanabe
Voiced by Dionne Quan
Kimi's mom works at EuroReptarland, so Kimi knows all the ins and outs of
the park.  Kimi is the one who'll give you hints when you click the Help
icon.

Angelica Pickles
Voiced by Cheryl Chase
Angelica somehow made her way to the EuroReptarland control room.  Give
her bonbons because she's got the power to give you clues!

Coco LeBouche
Voiced by Katherine Movius (Susan Sarandon in the film)
The evil head of EuroReptarland, Coco treats her employees badly, hates
children, and likes Chuckie even less because she tripped over his Wawa.

Jean-Claude
Voiced by Keythe Farley (John Lithgow in the film)
Coco's slimy henchman and toady, Jean-Claude doesn't like kids either.
He does whatever Coco tells him to do.

Reptar
Meet the terrifyingly huge yet tenderhearted star of EuroReptarland.
He may look scary, but he's really the babies' best friend!

Robosnail
Reptar's historical nemesis is Robosnail, the colossal robotic snail of
EuroReptarland.  He's ready to battle Reptar to the finish!


The original walkthrough was provided to me by THQ e-mail support.  I have
added information from the game manual, as well as from my own playing, to
it.

1. To start, walk up and to the left to go into Ooey Gooey World.

2. If you win all 10 levels you will get the key that will allow you to
enter the elevator that goes to basement #1.

Ooey Gooey World
Help Kimi drive her car through ten levels of mazes.  She must collect the
elevator key hidden somewhere along the tracks and make it to the exit
before getting slimed!  As the car moves through the maze, click on the
Gooey Mice to switch to different tracks that will lead Kimi in another
direction.  Use the spacebar to give Kimi's car a surge of speed.  Kimi
will get slimed if she runs into obstacles or traps.  She can only take so
much slime before she gets "slimed out" and has to start over again.  Go
through a car wash to clean up the slime and empty the slime meter.
Direct Kimi's car to collect all the bonus items you can, like the Reptar
and Robosnail toys, to earn extra points.

3. Walk to the right from Ooey Gooey World, to get to the elevator.

4. Once in Basement #1 you will need to get the Box.  It will be found in
the lower left hand corner of basement #1.  You can get to it by
heading left from the monitor that Angelica appears on.

5. Find the top middle section of the basement and use the box to get on
the lift.

6. At the top you will be above ground and you will need to go up to get
to the Rice Bowl Ride.

7. Try to collect Bon Bons and Light Sticks along the way.

8. Help Dil collect all of his toys to beat the Rice Bowl Ride to get the
shovel.

Rice Bowl Ride
Baby Dil's stuff is lost in the Rice Bowl ride.  Grab Dil's stuff and make
it to the exit before time runs out.  Watch for the spinning rice bowls
that move around and must be avoided.  Use the directional arrows on the
keyboard to maneuver Dil.  Using two keys at one time, such as the right
arrow and down arrow, will move Dil at an angle.  Guide Dil past the bowls
to pick up his belongings.  If a rice bowl hits him, he'll drop his stuff.
Pick up bonus items, like rattles, for big points!  Watch for special
items like the ice cube and the green clock to help you out.

9. After you complete the Rice Bowl Ride, go back down to Basement #1 and
collect the Bon Bon.  You will need to go back up the lift and go up and
to the right until you see a patch of dirt by a boarded up entrance.  Move
up and click with the shovel.

10. You are then taken to Basement #2.  Try to collect all of the Bon Bons
first, then you will need to travel to the right until you see a circular
wheel with 4 colors and several gears to the right of it.  Hit the Red
lever to activate the gears.

11. Click the Blue button, then Red, then Green to deactivate the gears.
You will then be able to get through.  This order may change randomly,
it's part of the puzzle.  You will need to do this again to go back the
other way as well.

12. Once past the Gears you will see a TV to the right.  Click on it and
you will talk to Angelica and give her the Bon Bons and she will give you
a piece of paper with a code on it in exchange.

13. You will need to go back to the left and go back above ground.  Then
go back down into Basement #1.  Collect all the bon bons you can find.

14. From the Lift in Basement #1 go to the left to get to the Large
computer.  Get near the computer and the cursor will turn into a piece of
paper with numbers on it.  Click and Chuckie will enter the numbers into
the computer and you will go above ground to a new area.

15. Go up and then to the left to get to the Chuckie Chan Game.  This game
is a lot like the classic Pong (though it's more reminiscent of Breakout
on the Atari 2600 to me).  You must beat all 10 levels to win the Black
Belt for Chuckie.

Chuckie Chan
Chuckie Chan, the well-known martial arts expert, is featured in this
arcade game.  Use the left/right arrow keys or hold down the left mouse
button to move Chuckie across the screen.  Whenever the ball comes near
Chuckie, he'll punch it.  Use the spacebar to launch the ball.  Maneuver
Chuckie to hit the balls toward the wall of masks.  Don't lose the ball,
or you'll lose one chance.  Some of the masks are special bonus power-ups.
Collect all the bonus items you can like the pinwheel and the rattle to
earn extra points.  Watch for the special bonus ice cream cone, too!
Press the spacebar to have Chuckie kick the ball fast and earn more points
when you hit items.  Keep the ball in motion and hit all the masks until
Chuckie earns his black belt!

16. Go back down the ladder and click on the TV monitor.  You will then be
given a mission by Angelica to rescue her doll from the volcano.

17. Go to the right and click on the Lift to get above ground.

18. Then go back up to the right and click on the patch of dirt with the
shovel.  You will be taken down in to Basement #2.  Go to the right until
you get to the Escalator then go up.

19. Once up the escalator you will need to go downward and then up the
wooden ramp.  Click to enter the Ninja Chase (which plays a lot like
Donkey Kong).  Beat all 10 levels of the Ninja Chase to get Angelica's
Cynthia doll.

Ninja Chase
Tommy, the best climber of the group, is given the assignment of
retrieving Angelica's Cynthia doll from the top of a volcano.  He must get
there before the Ninja security guards can grab him!  Use the arrow keys
to move Tommy and use the spacebar to help him jump over obstacles.  Use
the spacebar in combination with the left and right arrow keys to do a
running jump.  If the Ninja guards catch Tommy, he'll lose one chance and
have to start over.  Grab all the bonus power-ups you can, like the bag of
marbles!  Collect bonus points by collecting flowers along the way.  At
the end of each level, a cargo lift will take Tommy higher for more
climbing.

20. Go down and to the right and down the tube to get back to Basement #1
once you have beaten the Ninja Chase game.

21. Navigate up and to the left to get back to the TV Monitor to give
Cynthia back to Angelica.  She will then turn off the security system for
you.

22. Go right, then down, and then back left, to get to the Elevator that
was in the beginning of the game.  Now go back up the elevator.  When you
are back to the beginning area, go down until you see a metal ramp.  Click
to enter the Reptar Service Entrance and play the final game - Reptar vs.
Robosnail.

Reptar vs. Robosnail
Control the star of EuroReptarland, Reptar himself, in a robotic battle
against his evil nemesis, Robosnail.  You'll be fighting on a bridge over
the river Seine in the heart of Paris.  Push Robosnail off the bridge to
win the game!  Use the arrow keys to control Reptar and the arrow keys in
combination with the spacebar to push Robosnail away.  Use the spacebar by
itself to do a defensive move to avoid a shove from Robosnail.  Don't let
Robosnail push Reptar into the river, or the game ends.  There are bonus
power-ups along the bridge that'll help both robot monsters, so watch for
the lightning bolts and batteries.

23. Assuming you've pushed Robosnail off the bridge, you have now won the
game.  Congratulations.
